Statutes of tt)c B.ealm.


THE

STATUTES

OF

THE REALM.

PRINTED BY COMMAND

OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE THE THIRD.

IN PURSUANCE OF AN ADDRESS OF

THE HOUSE OF COMMONS OF GREAT BRITAIN.

Srom Original Oecorto anta authentic tflanuscripts

VOLUME THE FIRST.

MDCCCX REPRINTED 1963 DAWSONS OF PALL MALL LONDON

Go gJe

3 + (,. /

Q7?fs / % J.oa.

/. 7

J A 3 R d H

Printed in The Netkerlandt

ft O J

THE PENNSYLVANIA STATE university LIBRARY

CONTENTS

THE FIRST VOLUME.

Address of The House of Commons respecting the Public Records, 11th July 1800.

His Majesty's Answer, 17th July 1800.

First Record Commission, 19th July 1800.

Second Record Commission, 23d May 1806.

Proceedings of the Commissioners, relating to The Statutes of The Realm : From 19th December 1800 to 25th March 1811.

Report of the Commissioners to The Prince Regent: 25 th March 1811.

Introduction.

Appendix thereto.

Charters of Liberties.

Table of the Charters.

Charters granted by

King Henry, I.

King Stephen.

King Henry, II.

King John.

King Henry, III.

King Edward, I.

The Statutes.

Chronological Table of Statutes.

Statutes of King Henry, III.

Statutes of King Edward, I.

Statutes of King Edward, II.

Statutes of Uncertain Date.

Statutes of King Edward, III.

Index of Principal Matters contained in The Statutes of this Volume.

With

Engravings from several of The Charters.

Vol. I.

b


3 II T

---------------------------------------

,n3i rfmM o) co8i wdnrwa dJ$i moil .1181 tbuM lll?2 : TKSOlU WMCifl SflT OT **3HOÈC*1MMOO SWT 30 TU03S.H

. .

idible

address

OF THE

HOUSE OF COMMONS OF GREAT BRITAIN

TO

HIS MAJESTY,

RESPECTING

C&e public JRetojb* of t&e 36UngtJom,

JOURNAL OF THE HOUSE OF COMMONS,

Veneris, ii# die Julii :

Anno 40¡ Georgii IIIÒ* Regis, 1800.

Most Gracious Sovereigns

WE, Your MajestyÕs most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, having taken into our Consideration the State of the Public Records of this Kingdom, and the Necessity of providing for the better Arrangement, Preservation, and more convenient Use of the same, humbly beg leave to lay before Your Majesty the Report of our Proceedings thereon; and to represent to Your Majesty, that in several of the Principal Offices we have found the Public Records preserved with great Order and Regularity, and in some few, with a Method and Care which are exemplary; but that, in many of the most important Offices, they are wholly unarranged, undescribed, and un.ascertained ; that some of them are exposed to Erasure, Alteration, and Embezzlement, and others are lodged in Places where they are daily perishing by Damp, or incurring a continual Risk of Destruction by Fire.

A Period of nearly Seventy Years has elapsed since the last General Parliamentary Inquiry upon this Subject; and, during this Interval of Time, the Change which has taken place in the Language and written Character of Judicial Proceedings, as well as the large Accumulation of Materials which has been progressively superadded in every Department, have increased th¡ Difficulties of methodizing the several Repositories, or applying tneir Contents to Purposes of practical Use.

¥ ¥¥

VU1

In the Course of our Inquiry we have found that many of the Public Buildings allotted to these Uses, and especially those Buildings which belong to Your MajestyÕs Exchequer in all its Branches, comprehending the ancient Records and. Muniments of the Rights and Possessions of the Crown, and the Vouchers and Accounts of the Public Revenues and Expenditure, are in a State so incommodious and insecure, as to require immediate Attention.

It has also appeared to us, that the salutary Measures heretofore adopted by Your MajestyÕs Authority, for methodizing the Contents of some of the principal Repositories of Your MajestyÕs Records and Papers of State, might also be extended to many other Repositories, with Conse.quences highly beneficial to the Public Service.

And the same Motives which encouraged our Predecessors to intreat Your MajestyÕs Directions for printing the ancient Records of Domesday, and the Rolls of Parliament, have also induced us to submit to Your MajestyÕs Wisdom, our Desire of extending the same Measure to other ancient and valuable Monuments of our History, Laws, and Government.

Your Faithful Commons do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that You will be graciously pleased to give such Directions as Your Majesty, in Your great Wisdom, shall think fit, for the better Preservation, Arrangement, and more convenient Use of the Public Records of this Kingdom.

And we beg leave further to assure Your Majesty that whatever extraordinary Expences may be incurred by the Directions which Your Majesty, in Your great Wisdom, shall think fit to give on this Occasion, shall be chearfully provided for and made good by Your faithful Commons.

JOURNAL OF THE HOUSE OF COMMONS,

Jovis, 170 die Julii j Anno 40Ó Georgii IIIU1 Regis, 1800.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last, (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give such Directions as He shall think fit, for the better Preservation, Arrangement, and more convenient Use of the Public Records of this Kingdom, and to assure His Majesty, that whatever extraordinary Expenses may be incurred by the Directions which His Majesty shall think fit to give on this Occasion, shall be made good by His faithful Commons,) had been presented to His Majesty ; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

COMMISSION

FOR EXECUTING THE MEASURES RECOMMENDED BY

The HOUSE ok COMMONS.

19tb July 1800.

GEORGE R.

George the Third by the Grace of God King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, &c.

TO Our right trusty and right entirely beloved Cousin and Councillor William Henry Cavendish Duke of Portland, Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter; Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillors, William Wyndbam Baron Grenville, and Henry Dundas Esquire, Our Three Principal Secretaries of State; Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillors, Henry Addington Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons ; William Pitt Esquire, Chancellor and Under Treasurer of Our Exchequer, and First Commissioner of Our Treasury; Sir Richard Pepper Arden Knight, Master of the Rolls; Frederick Campbell Esquire, commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell, Our Clerk Register of Scotland ; Sylvester Douglas Esquire, one of the Commissioners of Our Treasury; Our trusty and well-beloved Sir John Mitford Knight, Our Attorney General; Sir William Grant Knight, Our Solicitor General; Robert Dundas Esquire, Our Advocate for Scotland ; and Charles Abbot Esquire: Greeting,

WHEREAS the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners of Shires and Boroughs in Our Parliament of Great Britain assembled, having taken into their consideration the State of the Public Records of this Kingdom, and the necessity of providing for the better arrangement, preservation, and more convenient use of the same, have humbly laid before Us a Report of their Proceedings thereon; and have also humbly represented unto Us, that the Public Records of the Kingdom are in many Offices unarranged, undescribed, and unascertained; that many of them are exposed to erasure, alteration, and embezzlement, and are lodged in Buildings incommodious and insecure; and that it would be beneficial to the Public Service that the Records and Papers contained in many of the principal Offices and Repositories should be methodized, and that certain of the more antient and valuable amongst them should be printed; and have humbly besought Us, that We would be graciously pleased to give such Directions thereupon as We in Our wisdom shall think fit;

Now Know Ye, that We, considering the premises, and earnestly desiring more effectually to provide for the better arrangement, preservation, and more convenient use of the said Records and Papers, and reposing great trust and confidence in your fidelity, discretion, and integrity ;Ñ

Have authorized and appointed, and by these Presents Do authorize and appoint you the said William Henry Cavendish Duke of Portland, William Wyndham Baron Grenville, Henry Dundas, Henry Addington, William Pitt, Sir Richard Pepper Arden, Frederick Campbell (commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell), Sylvester Douglas, Sir John Mitford, Sir William Grant, Robert Dundas, and Charles Abbot, and any Three or more of you, to make a diligent and particular inquiry into the several Matters which Our Faithful Commons have, in the abovementioned Report of their Proceedings, represented as fitting to be provided for by Our royal authority.

c


______

And furthermore, We do by these Presents give and grant to you Our said Commissioners, and any Three or more of you, full power and authority to cause all and singular the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of the said Offices and Repositories respectively, to bring and produce upon Oath before you, or any Three or more of you, all and singular Rolls, Records, Books, and Papers, or other Writings, belonging to the said Offices or Repositories, or any of them, or any Officers within the same, and which shall be in the custody of them or any of them respectively.

And Our further Will and Pleasure is, That Ye or any Three or more of You, upon due examination,of the premises, shall cause such matters to be duly and speedily executed, as ye shall judge fitting and proper to be done, for the more effectual execution of the several Measures recommended by Our faithful Commons, in the said Report of their Proceedings relative thereto.

And, to the end that Our Royal Will and Pleasure in the premises may be executed with the greater regularity and expedition, We farther by these Presents will and command, and do hereby give full power and authority to you or any Three or more of you to nominate and appoint from time to time such Person of ability, care, and diligence, as ye shall think fit, to be and act as your Clerk or Secretary, for the purpose of aiding you in the execution of these Presents j and also to nominate and appoint in like manner such several Persons of ability, care, and diligence, as ye may think fit, to be Sub-Commissioners, to be employed under your direction and controul in the premises; and more especially to methodize, regulate, and digest the Records, Rolls, Instmments, Books, and Papers, in any of Our Public Offices and Repositories j and to cause such of the said Records, Rolls, Instruments, Books, and Papers as are decayed and in danger of being destroyed, to be bound and secured ; and to make exact Calendars and Indexes thereof; and to superintend the printing of such Calendars and Indexes, and original Records and Papers as ye shall cause to be printed ; which said Clerk or Secretary, and Sub-Commissioners, and every of them, shall and may be removed by you or any Three of you from time to time at your will and pleasure, full Power and Authority being hereby given to you to appoint others in their places respectively.

And We further will and command, and by these Presents ordain, That ye or any Three or more of you shall from time to time certify under your Hands and Seals unto Our Lord High Treasurer, or unto the Commissioners of Our Treasury for the time being, what shall be a fit and suitable recompence to the above-mentioned Clerk or Secretary, and Sub-Commissioners respec.tively, for their pains and services in the execution of the duties hereby required to be by them performed; which said recompence it is Our Will and Pleasure shall thereupon be paid to them respectively and accordingly.

And Our further Will and Pleasure is, That ye or any Three or more of you do and shall, on or before the 25th Day of March in the year of our Lord 1801, and so from year to year on or before the 25th day of March in each year respectively, so long as this Commission shall continue in force, certify unto Us in Our Privy Council, under your Hands and Seals respectively, all and every of the several Proceedings of yourselves and of the said Sub-Commissioners had by virtue of these Presents, together with such other Matters (if any) as may be deserving of Our royal Consideration, touching or concerning the premises, and what further measures (if any) ye shall think fit to propose thereupon.

And lastly, We do by these Presents ordain, That this our Commission shall continue in full force and virtue, and that ye Our said Commissioners, or any Three or more of you, shall and may from time to time, and at any place or places, proceed in the Execution thereof, and of every matter and thing therein contained, although the same be not continued from time to time by Adjournment.

Given at Our Court at Saint JamesÕs, the Nineteenth Day of July, in the Fortieth Year of Our Reign.

By His MAJESTYÕS Command.

(Signed)

Go] g

e

Portland.

SECOND

RECORD COMMISSION.

23*/ May 1806.

GEORGE R.

George the Third by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Jreland King, Defender of the Faith;

TO Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillor William Wyndham Baron Grenville, First Commissioner of Our Treasury, or the First Commissioner of Our Treasury for the time being; Our right trusty and right well-beloved Cousin and Councillor George John Earl Spencer, Knight of the most Noble Older of the Garter; Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillors Charles ÕJames Fox, and William Windham, Our three Principal Secretaries of State, or Our three Principal Secretaries of State for the Time being; Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillors Charles Abbot, Speaker of the House of Commons, or the Speaker of the House of Commons for the time being; and Sir William Grant Knight, Master of the Rolls, or the Master of the Rolls for the time being; Our trusty and well-beloved Henry Ersiine Esquire, Our sole and only Advocate for Scotland, or our sole and only Advocate for Scotland for the time being; Our right trusty and well-beloved Cousin and Councillor Henry Viscount .Sidmoutb; Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillors Frederick Campbell Esq. (commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell), Sylvester Baron Glenbervie of that part of Our United Kingdom called Ireland, and John Baron Redesdale; the Right Reve.rend Father in God Our right trusty and well-beloved John Lord Bishop of Oxford; Our right trusty and well-beloved Councillors Charles Bathurst, William Wickham, and Nathaniel Bond.

WHEREAS the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and Commissioners of Shires and Boroughs in Our Parliament of Great Britain assembled, having taken into their Consideration the State of the Public Records of this Kingdom, and the necessity of providing for the better arrangement, preservation, and more convenient use of the same, have heretofore humbly laid before Us a Report of their Proceedings thereon, and also humbly represented unto Us that the Public Records of the Kingdom are in many Offices unarranged, undescribed, unascertained; that many of them are exposed to erasure, alteration, and embezzlement, and are lodged in Buildings incommodious and insecure; and that it would be beneficial for the Public Service that the Records and Papers contained in many of the principal Offices and Repositories should be methodized, and that certain of the more antient and valuable amongst them should be printed; and humbly besought Us that We would be graciously pleased to give such directions thereupon, as We in Our wisdom should think fit:

And Whereas We, considering the premises, and earnestly desiring more effectually to provide for the better arrangement, preservation, and more convenient use of the said Records and Papers,


xii

did by Warrant under Our Sign Manual, bearing date the nineteenth day of July 1800, authorize and appoint the several Persons therein severally named, and any Three or more of them, to make a diligent and particular inquiry into the several Matters which Our faithful Commons had, in their abovementioned Report of their Proceedings, represented as fitting to be provided for, by Our royal Authority, and to do such other matters and things touching the premises as are therein set forth: And Whereas the said several Persons thereby appointed have duly proceeded in the execution of the several matters committed to their charge, and have made considerable progress therein, as by their annual Certificates to Us in Our Privy Council appears ; but some of the said Persons are since deceased, or have become less able to attend to the duties so required of them, and it is expedient to appoint others in their place, and also to increase the number of the said Persons so to be appointed for the Purpose aforesaid, in such manner as may give more complete and permanent effect to Our royal Intentions in that behalf :

Now Know Ye, That We, considering the premises, and earnestly desiring further and more effectually to provide for the better arrangement, preservation, and more convenient use of the said Records and Papers, and reposing great trust and confidence in your fidelity, discretion, and integrity, have authorized and appointed, and by these Presents Do authorize and appoint, you the said William Wyndbam Baron Grenville, George John Earl Spencer, Charles James Fox, William Windham, Charles Abbot, Sir William Grant, Henry Erskine, Henry Viscount Sidmouth, Frederick Campbell Esquire (commonly called Lord Frederick Campbell), Sylvester Baron Glenbervie, John Baron Redesdale, John Lord Bishop of Oxford, Charles Bathurst, William Wickham, and Nathaniel Bond, and any Three or more of you, (whereof the said First Commissioner of Our Treasury, one of Our Principal Secretaries of State, The Speaker of the House of Commons, The Master of the Rolls, or Our Advocate for Scotland, severally and respectively for the time being, to be one,) further to make a diligent and particular Inquiry into the several Matters which our Faithful Commons have, in the above-mentioned Report of their Proceedings, represented as fitting to be provided for by Our royal Authority :

And furthermore We do by these Presents give and grant unto you, Our said Commissioners and any Three or more of you, (whereof the said First Commissioner of Our Treasury, one of Our Principal Secretaries of State, The Speaker of the House of Commons, The Master of the Rolls, or Our Advocate for Scotland, severally and respectively for the time being, to be one,) full power and authority to cause all and singular the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of the said Offices and Repositories respectively, to bring and produce upon Oath, before you or any Three or more of you, all and singular Rolls, Records, Books, and Papers, or other Writings belonging to the said Offices or Repositories, or any of them, or any Officers within the same, and which shall be in the custody of them or any of them respectively :

And Our further Will and Pleasure is, That ye or any Three or more of you, (whereof the said First Commissioner of Our Treasury, one of Our Principal Secretaries of State, The Speaker of the House of Commons, The Master of the Rolls, or Our Advocate for Scotland, severally and respectively for the Time being, to be one,) upon due examination of the premises, shall cause such Matters to be duly and speedily executed, as ye shall judge fitting and proper to be done for the more effectual execution of the several Measures recommended by Our Faithful Commons, in the said Report of their Proceedings relative thereto.

And, to the end that Our royal Will and Pleasure in the premises may be executed with the greater regularity and expedition, We further by these Presents will and command, and do hereby give full power and authority to you, or any Three or more of you, (whereof the said First Commis.sioner of Our Treasury, one of Our Principal Secretaries of State, The Speaker of the House of Commons, The Master of the Rolls, or Our Advocate for Scotland, severally and respectively for the time being, to be one,) to nominate and appoint from time to time such Person of ability, care,

Goa g!e

and diligence, as ye shall think fit, to be and act as your Clerk or Secretary, for the purpose of aiding you in the execution of these Presents; and also to nominate and appoint in like manner such several Persons of ability, care, and diligence, as ye may think fit, to be Sub-Commissioners, to be employed under your direction and controul in the premises j and more especially to methodize, regulate, and digest the Records, Rolls, Instruments, Books, and Papers, in any of Our Public Offices and Repositories, and to cause such of the said Records, Rolls, Instruments, Books, and Papers as are decayed and in danger of being destroyed, to be bound and secured and to make exact Calendars and Indexes thereof; and to superintend the printing of such Calendars and Indexes, and original Records and Papers as ye shall cause to be printed : which said Clerk or Secretary, and Sub-Commissioners, and every of them, shall and may be removed by you or any Three or more of you, (whereof the said First Commissioner of Our Treasury, one of Our Principal Secretaries of State, The Speaker of the House of Commons, The Master of the Rolls, or Our Advocate for Scotland, severally and respectively for the time being, to be one), from time to time at your will and pleasure ; full power and authority being hereby given to you, to appoint others in their places respectively.

Anj> We further will and command, and by these Presents ordain, That ye, or any Three or more of you, (whereof the said First Commissioner of Our Treasury, one of Our Principal Secretaries of State, The Speaker of the House of Commons, The Master of the Rolls, or Our Advocate for Scotland, severally and respectively for the time being, to be one,) shall from Time to Time certify under your Hands and Seals, unto Our Lord High Treasurer, or unto the Commissioners of Our Treasury for the time being, what shall be a fit and suitable recompence to the above-mentioned Clerk or Secretary, and Sub-Commissioners respectively, for their pains and services in the execution of the duties hereby required to be by them performed ; which said recompence it is Our Will and Pleasure shall thereupon be paid to them respectively and accordingly.

And Our further Will and Pleasure is, that ye. or any Three or more of you, (whereof the said First Commissioner of Our Treasury, one of Our Principal Secretaries of State, The Speaker of the House of Commons, The Master of the Rolls, or Our Advocate for Scotland, severally and respectively for the time being, to be one,) do and shall, on or before the Twenty-fifth day of March in the year of our Lord 1807, and so from year to year, on or before the Twenty-fifth day of March in each year respectively, so long as this Commission shall continue in force, certify unto Us in our Privy Council, under your Hands and Seals respectively, all and every of the several Proceedings of yourselves and of the said Sub-Commissioners, had by virtue of these Presents, together with such other Matters (if any) as may be deserving of Our Royal Consideration touching or concerning the premises j and what further Measures (if any) ye shall think fit to propose thereupon. And Lastly, We do by these Presents ordain, That this Our Commission shall continue in full force and virtue, and that ye Our said Commissioners or any Three or more of you, (whereof the said First Commissioner of Our Treasury, one of Our Principal Secretaries of State, The Speaker of the House of Commons, The Master of the Rolls, or Our Advocate for Scotland, severally and respectively for the Time being, to be one,) shall and may front time, to time, and at any place or places, proceed in the Execution thereof, and of every matter and thing therein contained, although the same be not continued from time to time by Adjournment.

Given at Our Court at Saint JamesÕs, the twenty-third day of May 1806, in the Forty- sixth Year of Our Reign.

By His-MAJESTY'S Command.

(Signed) Spencer.

Vol. I.

d


UNDER THE FOREGOING COMMISSIONS.

1800Ñ1811.

At A BOARD, holden at the House of The Right Honourable The Speaker of The House of Commons, on Friday the 19th Day of December 1800.

PRESENT,

The Right Hon. Henry Addington, Speaker of the House of Commons j

The Right Hon. Lord Frederick Campbell j

The Right Hon. Sir William Grant, Master of the Rolls ;

Charles Abbot Esquire:

ResolvedÑThat a complete and authentic Collection of The Statutes of the Realm be prepared ; including every Law, as well those repealed or expired, as those now in force; with a Chronological List of them, and Tables of their principal Matters : And that Alexander Luders, Thomas Edlyne Tomlins, and John France, Esquires, Barristers at Law, be appointed Three of the Sub-Commissioners for preparing and executing the said Work.

At a BOARD, holden at the House of the Right Honourable The Speaker of The House of Commons, on Wednesday the 24th Day of March 1802 ;

PRESENT,

The Right Hon. Charles Abbot, Speaker of the House of Commons;

The Right Hon. Lord Frederick Campbell;

The Right Hon. John Baron Redesdale ;

The Right Hon. Sir William Grant, Master of The Rolls;

The Right Hon. Sylvester Baron Glenbervie :

The Sub-Commissioners appointed for preparing a complete and authentic Collection of the Statutes, having laid before the Board their several Plans for carrying the Work into Execution; specifying the Sources from whence the Materials were to be derived ; the Selection to be made thereout; and the general Arrangement and Distribution of the Work, under the several Heads of Text, Collation, Translation, Tables, and Indexes:ÑThe Board took the same into Consideration, and having specially directed the Manner of Proceeding thereon ;ÑOrdered, That the said Sub- Commissioners do proceed forthwith to carry the said Work into Execution conformably to such Directions.

At A BOARD, holden at the House of the Right Honourable The Speaker of The House of Commons, on Wednesday the 21st Day of May 1806.

PRESENT,

The Right Hon. Charles Abbot, Speaker of The House of Commons ;

The Right Hon. Lord Frederick Campbell ;

The Right Hon. Sylvester Baron Glenbervie :

OrderedÑThat William Elias Taunton Esquire, Barrister at Law, be appointed a Sub- Commissioner in the Room of Mr. Luders resigned; and that he be employed conjointly with the other Sub-Commissioners heretofore appointed for preparing a complete and authentic Collection of the Statutes of the Realm.

GoS g!e

At A BOARD, holden at the House of the Right Honourable The Speaker of the House of Commons, on Monday the 28th Day of April 1806 ;

The Right Hon. Charles Abbot, Speaker of The House of Commons ;

The Right Hon. Sir William Grant, Master of The Rolls ;

The Right Hon. Lord Frederick Campbell;

The Right Hon. Sylvester Baron Glenbervie:

ReadÑA Paper, prepared by Mr. 'Tomlins, one of the Sub-Commissioners, suggesting the Expediency of directing further Searches to be made, for Originals, Records, and Manuscript Copies of Charters and Statutes preserved in the Universities, Cathedrals, and other Public Repositories in England and Ireland.Ñ Ordered; That Mr. Tomlins (accompanied, according to his Request, by Mr. Illingworth, also a Sub-Commissioner under this Board), do in the course of next Summer proceed to make the Searches above suggested; previously submitting to The Commissioners a detailed Statement of the proposed Places and Objects of Search.

At A BOARD, holden at the House of the Right Honourable The Speaker of The House of Commons, on Thursday, the 22d Day of July 1806 ;

The Right Hon. William Wyndham Baron Grenville, First Lord Commissioner of The Treasury;

The Right Hon. George John Earl Spencer, One of His MajestyÕs Principal Secretaries of State;

The Right Hon. Charles Abbot, Speaker of The House of Commons ;

The Right Hon. Sir William Grant, Master of the Rolls ;

The Right Hon. John Baron Redesdale ;

The Right Hon. Nathaniel Bond :

Read ; The Second Record Commission, dated the 23d Day of May 1806 :ÑOrdered; That all Persons employed under the former Commission, be continued in their respective Employments.

Read ; A Statement or Plan, drawn up pursuant to Order, detailing the proposed Objects of the Search to be undertaken by Mr. Tomlins and Mr. Illingworth ; and of the Places at which such Search is to be made.ÑResolved : That this Board doth approve of the said Plan ; and that the said Sub-Commissioners do forthwith proceed accordingly.

At a BOARD, holden at the House of the Right Honourable The Speaker of the House of Commons, on Monday the 23d Day of March 1807;

The Right Hon. Charles Abbot, Speaker of the House of Commons;

The Right Hon. Sir William Grant, Master of The Rolls;

The Right Hon. Henry Erskine, Lord Advocate of Scotland;

The Right Hon. Lord Frederick Campbell ;

The Right Rev. John Lord Bishop of Bangor ; ¥

The Right Hon. Nathaniel Bond :

ReadÑA Report from Messrs. Tomlins and Illingworth of their Journey last Year, and the Result of their Searches in England and Ireland for Originals, Records, and Manuscript Copies of the Charters and Statutes of England; with an Appendix, containing Transcripts of Charters, Statutes, and other relative Documents, annexed thereto; which was this Day laid before the Commissioners, pursuant to Order.ÑOrdered ; That the said Report be printed, for the Use of the Commissioners, and for the supplying Materials towards an authentic Collection of the Statutes.

* Dr. John Randolph, now Lord Bishop of London, named in the Commission, dated 23 May 1806, as "John Loid Bishop

of Oxford.Ó

PRESENT,

PRESENT,

PRESENT,

e


A.T A BOARD, holden at the House of the Right Honourable The Speaker of The House of Commons, on Friday the 25th Day of March 1808 ;

PRESENT,

The Right Hon. Charles Abbot, Speaker of the House of Commons ;

The Right Hon. Sir William Grant, Master of The Rolls j

The Right Hon. Archibald Colquhoun, Lord Advocate of Scotland;

The Right Hon. Lord Frederick Campbell;

The Right Hon. John Baron Redesdale ;

The Right H011. Sylvester Baron Glenbervie ;

The Right Rev. John Lord Bishop of Bangor;

The Right Hon. Charles Bathurst.

Materials for the First Volume of an authentic Collection of the Statutes of the Realm, prepared by Messrs. Luders, 'Tomlins, France, and Taunton, Sub-Commissioners, having been laid before The Commissioners; containing The Statutes made in the Reigns of Henry III. and Edward I. II. and III. preceded by The Charters of the Liberties of England granted by Henry I. Stephen, Henry II, John, Henry III.; and Edward I. together with several engraved Specimens of Charters, Statutes, and other Records; and it appearing to this Board that the printing of the same for Distribution may now be proceeded upon ;

OrderedÑThat the said Materials be delivered by the Secretary to Mr. Tomlins and Mr. Taunton; and that Five Hundred Copies of the said Volume be printed from the said Materials, under their Inspection, with all such Dispatch as may be consistent with the accurate Execution of the Work.

At A BOARD, holden at the House of the Right Honourable The Speaker of The House of Commons, on Monday the 25th Day of March 1811 ;

PRESENT,

The Right Hon. Charles Abbot, Speaker of the House of Commons;

The Right Hon. Sir William Grant, Master of the Rolls;

The Right Hon. Lord Frederick Campbell ;

The Right Hon. John Baron Redesdale ;

The Right Hon. Sylvester Baron Glenbervie ;

The Right Rev. John Lord Bishop of London;

The Right Hon. Charles Bathurst.

A Printed Copy of the First Volume of the Authentic Collection of The Statutes of the Realm having been this Day produced to the Board;

ResolvedÑThat there be laid before His Royal Highness the Prince Regent in Council, a Report of the Progress made in the said Work, together with a Printed Copy of the said Volume.

And a Report being now prepared accordingly, and agreed to by the Board, the same was signed by the several Commissioners present.

Extracted from the Minutes of the Board.

John Caley, Secretary.

REPORT of THE COMMISSIONERS

FOR EXECUTING THE MEASURES RECOMMENDED BT

The HOUSE of COMMONS,

&C. &c. &c.

TO HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS GEORGE PRINCE OF WALES,

REGENT OF THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

IN COUNCIL.

The Commissioners constituted and appointed by His Majesty's Royal Commission, bearing Date the Twenty-third Day of May 1806, in the Forty-sixth Year of His MajestyÕs Reign, for carrying into Execution the Measures recommended in the Report made by the Select Committee of the House of Commons, in the Year 1800, with respect to the State of the Public Records of the Kingdom, and the Necessity of providing for the better Arrangement, Preservation, and more convenient Use of the same, and the printing of certain of the more antient and valuable amongst them, Do most humbly beg leave to certify to Your Royal Highness ;

That, in the Execution of our Commission We have, among the other Matters referred to Us, proceeded to carry into Effect so much of the Measures recommended by His Majesty's Faithful Commons, as related to the preparing and printing A Complete and Authentic Collection of The Statutes of the Realm ;

And, Having, by virtue of the said Commission, nominated and appointed several learned Persons, of Ability, Care, and Diligence, upon whose Fidelity we could sufficiently rely, to be our Sub-Commissioners, and under our Direction and Controul to be assisting to Us in the Premises; and having also, upon the Reports of the said Sub-Commissioners, made to Us from Time to Time, fully considered as well of the Mode of preparing and completing the said Collection, as of the several Matters to be included therein, We have directed the said Sub-Commissioners to methodize and arrange all such Materials, as appeared to Us to be necessary for completing and duly setting forth the said Collection, and to distribute them under the following Heads :Ñ First, An Introduction; containing An Account of all former printed Collections, Translations, and Abridgements of the Statutes, and of the Plans heretofore proposed for an Authentic Publica.tion, or for the Revision, of the Statutes; together with An Account of The Charters prefixed to this Collection ; The Matters inserted therein, and their Arrangement; The Nature of the several Records, and other Sources from whence the said Collection has been made, and the Mode adopted in making and printing the same; The Original Language of the Charters and Statutes, and the Translation annexed to this Collection of the Statutes; and also An Account of the

Collections of the Statutes of Scotland and Ireland heretofore published by Royal or Parliamentary Authority j with the Methods successively adopted for promulgating the Statutes before and since the Union of Great Britain and Ireland :ÑSecondly, The Text of The Charters of the Liberties of England, granted by King Henry I, King Stephen, and King Henry II; and also the Great Charters and Charters of the Forest, granted by King John and King Henry III., and The Charters of Confirmation granted by King Edward I.ÑThirdly, A Chronological Table of the Statutes, and Instruments illustrative thereof, contained in this Collection; distinguishing all Matters inserted therein, which had not been inserted in any former Printed Collection of Statutes, and specifying the several Sources from which every Statute and Instrument is respectively derived; and the Language in which such Statute or Instrument is written:ÑFourthly, The Text of The Statutes, and relative Instruments, with Notes of various Readings where necessary Fifthly, The common Translation of all Matters printed and translated in former Collections of the Statutes, with occasional Notes of Emendation j and also A Translation of Matters not translated or inserted in such foimer Collections Lastly, An Alphabetical Index of Matters.

In Prosecuting this Work, the Learning, Skill, and Diligence of Our Sub-Commissioners have been long and laboriously employed : And We now beg leave to lay before Your Royal Highness this, the First Volume of their Labours : Humbly assuring Your Royal Highness, that it has been our earnest Desire and Endeavour that all the several Charters, Statutes, and other Instruments contained in this Collection, should be taken from the most Authentic Records and Manuscripts now known to be extant; and presuming to hope that this has been accomplished with the Fidelity and Accuracy so peculiarly required in a Work designated by His Majesty's Faithful Commons, as highly expedient to be undertaken for the Honour of the Nation, and for the Benefit of all His MajestyÕs Subjects.

Dated 25 March 1811.

CHARLES ABBOT.

(L.S.)

WILLIAM GRANT.

(L.S.)

FREDERICK CAMPBELL.

(L.S.)

REDESDALE.

(L.S.)

GLENBERVIE.

(L. S.)

J. LONDON.

(L. S.)

CHARLES BATHURST.

(L. S.)


CONTENTS of this INTRODUCTION.

CHAP. I.ÑSect. I. Of the former Printed Collections, Translations, and Abridgments of The Statutes.

----- II. Of the Plans heretofore proposed for an Authentic Publication, or for the Revision.

of The Statutes.

CHAP. II. - - - Of The Charters prefixed to this Collection of The Statutes.

CHAP. IILÑSect. I. Of The Matters inserted in this Collection of the Statutes, and their Arrangement.

Ñ II. Of The Sources from whence the several Matters are taken.

-----III. Of the Mode used in searching for, transcribing, collating, noting, and printing the

Text of the Statutes.

CHAP. IV.ÑSect. I. Of the Original Language of the Charters and Statutes.

----- II. Of The Translation in this Collection of The Statutes.

CHAP. V.ÑSect. I. Of the Collections of The Statutes of Scotland and Ireland, heretofore published by Royal Authority.

-----II. Of the Methods successively adopted for Promulgating The Statutes,

before and since the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.


INTRODUCTION.

CHAP. I.

Sect. I.ÑFormer printed ColleElions, Translations, and Abridgements of the Statutes.Ñ Sect. II. Plans heretofore proposed for an Authentic Publication, or for the Revision of the Statutes.

Sect. I.

Former printed Collections, Translations, and Abridgements of the Statutes.

AN Historical Enumeration and Description of antecedent Publications of the Statutes, will best contribute to a right Understanding of the Necessity, and Origin of the present Undertaking; and of the Principles upon which it has been planned and executed.

All the Publications in Print of General Collections, Translations, and Abridgements of the Statutes, and of the Ads of particular Sessions, which have been hitherto discovered, are specified in Two Catalogues subjoined to this Introduction.

The Statute Rolls previous to the beginning of the Reign of Henry VII. being sometimes in Latin and some.times in French, and from that Time uniformly in English, the Printed Editions, according to their several Periods, contain the Statutes, either ist. In the Languages in which they were respectively passed, proclaimed, or printed ; during various Periods from the Time of Hen. III. to the End of the Reign of Ric. III. without any Translation : Or a'"1', Translated for the whole or some Part of those Periods; and during subsequent Periods, in English : Or 3dly, In Latin and in French respectively to the End of Edward IV. or Ric. III. inclusive, with or without a Translation; and in English from the beginning of Ric. Ill, or of Hen. VII.

The earliest of the Printed Editions or Collections above referred to, is an Alphabetical Abridgement of Statutes, as well previous as subsequent to Edw. III. in Latin and French, the latest Statute in which is 33 Hen. VI. A. D. 1455. This is supposed to have been published before 1481.

Another very early Edition, but supposed to be later than the preceding, and to have been printed about 1482, is a Collection of the Statutes, not abridged, from 1 Edw. III. to 22 Edw. IV. in Latin and French : This and the preceding Article are attributed to the joint labours of the Printers Lettou and Machlinia.

The Statutes passed in the only Parliament holden by Richard III. were printed, in French, by Caxton or Machlinia, or both, soon after they were passed, this being the first Instance of a Sessional Publication. The like Course was observed in the Reigns of Henry VII. and Henry VIII. from which Time the Statutes appear to have been regularly printed and published at the End of each Session.

The Collection printed by Pynson, probably about the Year 1497, Õ3 Hen. VII. but certainly before 1504, 19 Hen. VII, contains the Statutes from 1 Edw. III. to 1 Richard III. inclusive, in Latin and in French respec.tively j and those from 1 to 12 Hen. VII. in English.

The small Edition of the Antiqua Statuta first printed by Pynson in 1508, and afterwards frequently reprinted, contains Magna Carta, Carta de Foresta, the Statutes of Merton, Marlbridge, Westminster 1. and 2., and other Statutes previous to 1 Edward III. in Latin and French respectively. These are the earliest Printed Copies now known of those Statutes.

The Abridgement of the Statutes in English, to 11 Hen. VIII. translated and printed by John Rastall, is preceded by a Preface on the Propriety of the Laws being published in English. This appears to be the fust English Abridge.ment of the Statutes : and it helps to ascertain the Period when the Statutes were first Ò cndited and writtenÓ in English ; as the Preface ascribes that Measure to Henry VII. Subsequent English Abridgements were published at various Times by Rastall and other Printers.

Various Editions of the Alphabetical Abridgement of the Statutes, above mentioned as published before 1481, were from time to time printed ; enlarged by the Abridgement of subsequent Statutes: Of these the Edition by Owen, including the Statutes of 7 Hen. VIII. was printed in 1521. An Appendix, containing the Abridgement of the ACts of the next ensuing Session, 15 Hen. VIII, was printed in 1528, when a Title was added. These Collections form an Exception to the general Description of the Editions of the Statutes; for not only the Statutes previous to and in the Reign of Ric. III. are abridged in Latin or French, but the Abridgement of the Statutes of Hen. VII. and Hen. VIII. is in French, although they were originally passed and printed in English.

f a

See Appendix A. St B.

Vieux Abridgement, Hen. Ill Ñ53 Hen. VI. Catalogue, A. No. 1.

Nova Statuta, t+8a,

1 Edw. III.Ñit Edw. IV. Catalogue, A. No. 1.

Sessional Publications. Catal. A. No.J, 4,3,6, and Catalogue ii.

Nova Statuta, Pynson, 1497.

1 Edw. III.Ñ12 Hen.VII. Catalogue, A. No. 7.

PynsonÕs Antiqua Statuta, M'C'Ñ1 Edw. III. 1508, kc.

Catalogue A. No. I i.

Abridgements, English, Rastall, 1519. Kc. Catalogue, A. No. 13. 24, 27, 29, 34.

OwenÕs Abridgement, 1521 k 1328. Catalogue, A. No. 14, 17.


Berthelct's Antiq. Stat. & Secunda Fare Vet. Stat.

1Sil> ÔSi1-

Catalogue, A. A 0.21,32.

TottellÕs

Antiq. Stat. & ada Pare. 1556, Stc.

Catal. A. No. 35,36, 41.

FerrereÕs Tianslation Antiqua btatuta,

1534.154¡. 154*-

Catalogue, A. No. 25.

Berthelet; English, ¥543-

Hen.III. to ly Hen.VII, Catalogue, A. No. 31.

Myddylton and Berthelet, Engliih, 15.11-8. lEdw.III.t034Hen.VIII. Catalogue, A. No. 33.

W. RaftaliÕs Colleflion,

lSSl< I579- &e- Hen. III. to 4 Sc jP.&Mar. Catal. A. No. 37,42-

In 1531 Berthelet printed an Edition of the Antiqua Statuta, similar to the Editions by Pynson, with some Additions. In 1532 Berthelet also printed a Collection of Statutes previous to i Edw. III. not included in the the Antiqua Statuta. This Collection he entitled Ò Secunda Pars Veterum Statutorum,Ó and it is always so dis.tinguished : It was frequently reprinted. The Statutes contained in it are in French and Latin respectively.

Neither in the Antiqua Statuta by Pynson, nor in the Secunda Pars Veterum Statutorum, were the Contents arranged with any Chronological Accuracy : In the Antiqua Statuta the Two Charters, and the Statutes of Merton, and Marlbridge, and Westminster 1 and 2, are placed first, and the other Matters follow in a very confused Manner. No better Order is preserved in the Secunda Pars. These Two Parts of the Vetera Statuta were frequently reprinted together. The Edition of them by Tottell in 1356 is the most known: This varies from PynsonÕs and BertheletÕs, in some Readings of the Text of the Statutes; and it is enlarged by the Addition of Ò certain Statutes with other needful Things taken out of Old Copies examined by the Rolls,Ó printed at the End of the First Part. Editions by Tottell in 1576, and 1587, and later Editions by various Printers, insert only a partial Selection of Antient Statutes, with further various Readings, and add some modern Statutes. On a Com.parison, made for the Purpose of ascertaining the FaCt, there is reason to conclude that the Copy used by Lord Coke in his Second Institute was that of 1587.

The earliest Printed Translation, not abridged, of the Charters, and of several Statutes previous to i Edw. III. appears to have been made by Ferrers, a Member of Parliament, from the Editions of the Vetera Statuta and Secunda Pars before noticed; It was first printed in 1534, and contains the greatest Part, but not all, of the Matters included in those Editions, but does not arrange them in Chronological Order. In 1540 and 1542, other Editions of this Translation were published, with some Amendments and Additions.

In 1543, The Statutes in English, from the time of Henry III. to 19 Hen. VII. inclusive, chronologically arranged, were printed by Berthelet, in one Volume, Folio. It has not been satisfactorily ascertained that any complete chrono.logical Series of the Statutes from Magna Carta to 1 Edw. III., either in their Original Language, or in English, or that any Translation of the Statutes from 1 Edw. III. to 1 Hen. VII. had been published previous to this Edition by Berthelet; though some Books refer to Editions by Berthelet as of 1529 and 1540.' It appears probable that the Translation in this Edition by Berthelet was made from the small Editions of the Vetera Statuta and Secunda Pars, and from PynsonÕs Edition of the Nova Statuta 1 Edw. III. to t Ric. III. inclusive. This Edition contains some Translations, particularly of the Diflum de Kenilworth, not included in either of the Editions of FerrersÕs Transla.tions : With respeCt to the others previous to 1 Edw. III. it agrees in general with the Second Edition of FerrersÕs Translation ; and Cay, in the Preface to his Edition of the Statutes, conjectures that the Whole of the Translation in this Edition was made by Ferrers. No Translation of the Statuta Wallies 12 Edw. I. is given either by Ferrers or in any subsequent Edition: Several other Statutes also have been always printed without Translations.

Ò The Great Boke of Statutes Ó commences with 1 Edw. III. and ends with 34 Hen. VIII. It is entirely in English. It appears to have been published at different Times, in separate Parts; and it seems not unlikely that the earliest Part may have been published previous to the English Edition printed by Berthelet in 1543, from which it differs in some Particulars: Of such Difference one Instance is the Insertion of Cap. 7. of 2 Ric. II. Stat. 1. respecting Pope Urban, which is omitted in Berthelet 1543 and subsequent Editions ; from whence it seems probable that this Part was published before the severe Prohibitions, by the ACts of Hen. VIII, against acknowledging the Papal Power.

William Rastall (or Rastell) who in 1557 published his first Edition of a Collection of all the Statutes which were before that Year imprinted, was a Serjeant at Law; and was made a Judge in 1558. In this Collection the Statutes are distributed under apt Titles in Alphabetical Order, the Preambles for the most part being omitted, and a brief Mention only made of such Statutes as were expired or repealed, or of a private or local Nature. It gives all the Statutes to the End of Richard III. in Latin or in French, as they were at first published aud all the subsequent Statutes in English. The same Collection, having the Statutes prior to Henry VII. translated into English, instead of being inserted in their Original Language, was printed about 1579, and reprinted very fre.quently afterwards, until 1621. In these successive Editions, the New Statutes were from Time to Time abridged, and inset ted under their proper Titles. The Translation contained in this Collection appears to have been executed with superior Care and Industry; where it borrows from foregoing Versions, it, occasionally, amends what was faulty : Translations are inserted in it of some Matters not before translated ; of others, Translations entirely new and more faithful are given; and the whole was sedulously revised from Time to Time ; the later Editions, particularly those of 1591 and 1603, correcting Errors which had escaped Notice in the earlier Editions. Rastall died in 1565, and it is not known by whom these English Editions of the Collection bearing his Name, were prepared, or edited.

* Herbert's Ames 417 : BradyÕs History of England, vol. i. pa. 638.

1 Ò 1 have put every Statute in the tonge that it was first written in. For those that were first written in latin or in frenche dare I not presume to translate into English for fear of misseinterpretacion. For many wordes and termes be there in divers Statutes, both in latin and in frcnche, which be very hard to translate aptly into English.ÓÑEpistle or Preface prefixed to W. RastallÕs Collection -, Edit. 1337. In the Edition of 1579 and the subsequent Editions, this Sentence is omitted from the Preface.

e

The Edition of the Statutes in English, by Barker, in Two Volumes Folio, frequently bound up in one, ending with 29 Eliz, the Title to which affords the earliest Instance of the Term Ò Statutes at Large,Ó agrees in general, as to the Statutes previous to 1 Hen. VII, with the English Edition by Berthelet in 1543.

After the Edition of RastallÕs Collection in English in 1579, it does not appear that any of the Statutes from 1 Edw. III. to 1 Hen. VII. were printed in Latin or French, until some of them were so printed in the Edition by Hawkins in 1735.

The English Edition 1618, which in the Title Page is said to contain all the Adis at any Time extant in Print until t6 Jac. I., published by the KingÕs Printers, Norton and Bill, in Two Volumes large Folio, is usually called Ò RastallÕs Statutesalthough the Editor of the Collections before noticed, had been long deceased. The latest Acts inserted in this Edition are of 7 Jac. I. being the last Session preceding the Publication. The Translation of the Statutes previous to Hen. VII. does not follow the improved Translation adopted in the Editions of RastallÕs Collection in English ; It agrees with the Translations of Berthelet 1543, and Barker 1587; except that it is not so corredtly printed.

In the same Year 1618, A Collection, in English, of sundry Statutes frequent in use, ending with 7 Jac. I. was published by Pulton. Several Statutes, not included in the Edition called RastallÕs 1618, are for the first Time translated in this Edition, and are so noted to be in the Preface ; the most important of these are, Ordinatio pro Statu Hibernie, as of 17 Edw. I. but being, in fad, of 17 Edw. II.Ordinatio Forests, 34 Edw. I.;ÑDe Asportatis Religiosorum, 35 Edw. I.;ÑDe Terris Templariorum, 17 Edw. II. Several subsequent Editions of this Collection were printed after the Death of Pulton: Those of 1635 and 1640 are remarkable for giving the progressive Answers to the Petition of Right, 3 Car. I. and the KingÕs Speech on pronouncing the Assent, Ò Soit droit fait come il est desirewhich are not contained in any other general Collections; though they were printed by Authority in the Sessional Publication of the Statutes of that Year.

As this English Edition by Pulton has been much copied by subsequent Editors of the Statutes, it deserves particular Notice.*

The original Edition published in 1618, contained many Corrections of the then existing Translation, by rendering it more conformable to the Records in the Tower ; and further Corrections were from Time to Time made in the subsequent Editions: But several Errors and Inconsistencies were suffered to remain in consequence of the Translation following the old Printed Copies of the Latin and French Text, which frequently differ from those Records.1 Some of the Corrections made in the various Editions of the English Collection called Rastall's, were indeed adopted; but several Matters translated in RastallÕs English Collection, are not included in PultonÕs, particularly several of the Statutes of Uncertain Date, usually classed together after the Reign of Edw. II. A Change of Phraseology also is occasionally made in Pulton, not always to the Improvement of the Translation. Titles are put at the Heads of the several Chapters, which are in fact intended as Abridgements of their Contents, and which were not given in former Editions to the Chapters of any Statute previous to Edw. IV : though in the Chronological Table of Statutes subjoined to RastallÕs Collection, Titles of a similar Kind occur from the Begin.ning of the Reign of Edward III. Several Parts or Chapters of the Statutes subsequent to 1 E. 111. are omitted, and only noticed by the Titles or Abridgements.

From 161S to 1735 great B¡dy of the Statutes continued to be published entirely in English ; but the small Collections of the Statutes previous to 1 Edw. III. in French and Latin, were frequently reprinted till after 1618, and these were succeeded by the Collection in Lord CokeÕs Second Institute. The Editions bearing ihe Name of Pulton, were continued from time to time from 1618 to 1670; the last by Manby, who had previously edited the Statutes passed in the Time of Car. I. and Car. II.

During the Usurpation partial Collections of ACls for different Series of Years were published, from 1646 to 1654; and an Authentic Collection by Scobell the Clerk of the Parliament, from 1640 to 1656. After the Restoration, Editions of the Statutes Car. I. and Car. Il.we-re published by the KingÕs Printers and others.

In 1676 KebleÕs Edition of the Statutes at large, ending with 27 Car. II. was published by the KingÕs Printers, Ò carefully examined by the Rolls of Parliament.Ó This Edition is in many Instances more correft, as to the Statutes subsequent to Hen. VII., than the Editions by Barker or Pulton, or that called Rastall's 1618 : It was from Time to Time reprinted, and continued by additional Volumes. The Translation of the Statutes previous to Henry VII, contained in all the Editions called KebleÕs, was copied from the latest Edition of Pulton.

The Edition of the Statutes by Serjeant Hawkins, published in 1735 in Six Volumes Folio, ending with 7 Geo. II. contains the respective Latin and French Texts of most of the Statutes to 8 Edw. IV. with Translations of such as had been before translated, and as appeared to him to be in force or use : Of some of these Statutes a Translation only is given, without the Original Text: Of the Statutes and parts of Statutes considered by him as obsolete, or which are expired or repealed, the Original Text is given without a Translation, and occasionally an

Darker, 1587. English.

Hen. III. to J9 Elir. Cat at. A. No. 43.

RaftallÕs English Statutes, 1618.

Hen. III. to 7 Jac. I. Calal. A. No. 46.

Pulton's English Statutes, 1018.

Hen. Ill to 7 Jac. I. Calal. A. No. 47.

See Appendix D. Not! r.

Calal. A. No. 48, 49.

KebleÕs English Statutes, 1676, &c.

Hen. Ill, to 27 Car. II. Calal. A. No. jo, 51,52, 53' Jj* 57-

Hawkins, 1735. Lat.Fr. and Engl. Hen. III. to 7 Geo. II. Calal. A. No. 53, 57.

* See further as to this Edition by Pulton, and its DefeCls as a General Collection, Sett. II. pa. xxviij.

1 See 4 Inst. 51. as to Errors in the printed Editions of the Statutes extant at that Time, in consequence of their differing from the Records ; and see the Volume usually called CottonÕs Abridgement of the Records in the Tower; but which in Fad is an Abridgement of the Rolls of Parliament from 5 E. II. to 1 Ric. III., made by Bowyer, Keeper of the Records: In these, many Variations between the Statute, as printed, and the Parliament Roll, are stated ; but without adverting to the Circum.stance how far the printed Statutes agreed with the Statute Roll. See also PrynneÕs Preface to Cotton's Abridgement, fo. 3, 4.

E


Cay, 1758.

Lat. Fr. and Engl. Hen. III. to 30 Geo. II. Catalogue, A^o.59.

See Catalogue A. jS, J9-

Ruffhead, 1762Ñ1765.

Lat. Fr, and Eng. Hen. III. to 4. Geo. III. Catalogue, No. to.

Pickering, 1762, 1769.

Lat. Fr. and Engl. Hen. III. to I Geo. III. Catalogue, No. 61.

Abridgement without either the Text or Translation. From his Preface he seems not to have been aware that the early Statutes had ever been printed in Latin or French, in any Collc&ion except the Second Institute of Lord.Coke; and he gives the Text from the Statute Rolls in the Tower, from ancient Manuscripts, or from the Second Institute ; all in many Instances varying from the earliest Printed Editions. An Appendix is subjoined to the Sixth Volume, containing the Text of some of the more antient Statutes, which are omitted or of which Translations only are given in the Body of the Work; Ò together with some antient Records of Statutes omitted in the Statute Roll, but entered in other Parliamentary Records.Ó Upon the Subject of the Translation, Hawkins thus expresses himself in his Preface: Ò It was proposed to make a new Translation of the French and Latin Statutes, and it must be owned that there are some Mistakes in the Old Translation, but it having, by its long Use, obtained a kind of prescriptive Authority, and seeming for the most Part to have been done with greater Learning and Accuracy than can be expetted from any modern Hand, willing to undertake a Work of such Difficulty, and it being easy for the Reader to correCl the Mistakes in it by the Help of the Original, it was judged most proper to retain it.Ó

CayÕs Edition of the Statutes, published in 1758, in Six Volumes Folio, ending with 30 Geo. II. is very much upon the Plan of HawkinsÕs Edition, with the following Additions : In cases where the Statutes are printed from the Statute Rolls in the Tower, the Numbers of the respective Membranes of the Rolls are quoted ; and in other Cases the several Manuscript Authorities from which they are printed are distinctly cited. The Latin and French Text respectively of several Statutes prior toEdw. III. and the French Text of the Statutes 23 Hen. VI.; 12,14,17, and 22 Edw. IV, which had been omitted by Hawkins, are given from Manuscripts. Several Instruments, not in.cluded in the previous Editions by Hawkins, Pulton, and others, are inserted from the early Printed Copies, and some Matters not contained in any former Edition of the Statutes, are printed from the Parliament Rolls. The Translation of the Statutes previous to Hen. VII. is the same as KebleÕs and PultonÕs: In his Preface, Cay attributes the whole of that Translation to George Ferrers, in the Time of Hen. VIII. and speaks thus of it: Ò It is not a good one, and the Mistakes in it are very numerous and considerable: It has often been desired that a new Translation should be made, but as this has been used for some Ages, not only by the Public in general, but even by the Parliament, and many Statutes are recited in subsequent ACIs in the Words of this Translation, it seems to be too much authenticated for an Editor to presume to reject it.Ó

The Editions by Hawkins and Cay were for some time continued by several Volumes containing the Statutes of subsequent Years.

In 1762 was printed the First Volume of an Edition of the Statutes at Large, which was completed in 1765, by Ruffhead, in Nine Volumes Quarto, ending with the Statutes of 4 Geo. III. In this Edition is included all that was comprehended in CayÕs. Several Matters, however, which by Cay were inserted in the Body of his Work, were printed by Ruffhead, in an Appendix subjoined to the Ninth Volume; and in this Appendix are also introduced some ACIs of Henry VII. and of subsequent Reigns, taken from former Printed Copies, and also from the Parliament Rolls, and the Inrollments of Ads in Chancery. This Edition was reprinted in 1769, &c. and has been regularly continued from time to time by Volumes containing the Statutes of subsequent Years.

PickeringÕs Edition of the Statutes at Large, in Twenty-three Volumes Octavo, ending with the Statutes 1 Geo. III. was printed at Cambridge, and published at various Times between 1762 and 1766. A Twenty-fourth Volume containing the Preface and Index was published in 1769. This Edition contains the same Matters, and for the most part, in the same Order, as CayÕs Edition ; with the Addition of the Statutes afterwards passed, and also of some Instruments and Translations from former Printed Copies, and other Sources, which Ò though deemed antiquatedÓ were added Ò on account of their Public or Constitutional Importance.Ó In an Appendix subjoined to the Twenty-third Volume, some of the Matters are inserted which are contained in RuffheadÕs Appendix. This Edition also has been regularly continued by subsequent Volumes published from time to time.

It should be observed, that the Matters for the first time introduced by Hawkins, Cay, Ruffhead, and Pickering respectively, are few in Number; and that some of them are clearly not entitled to the Character of Statutes.' It is evident also that Ruffhead and Pickering took, each, Advantage of the Circumstance of their Editions being in the course of Publication during the same Period ; and that, in the Insertion of new Matters, they by turns borrowed from each other.

Neither Hawkins, Cay, Ruffhead, nor Pickering take any Notice of the French Text of the Statutes of Richard III. which have been stated by some Writers1 to have been originally in English ; whereas the Editions of the Nova Statuta by Pynson, RastallÕs Collection, and the Sessional Publication of the Statutes of Richard III, prove that the Statutes of that Reign were originally published in French : although, in and after the Reign of Henry VI, many Bills, in the Form of ACts, are entered on the Parliament Roll in English.

The Translation now chiefly in Use, which was first inserted in PultonÕs Edition 1618, and thence copied with a few Corrections into subsequent Editions, and afterwards into those of Keble, Hawkins, Cay, Ruffhead and Pickering successively, does not answer wholly, either to the Text as given from the Records or Manuscripts, or to the Tdxt of any of the Old Printed Editions; the Translation having been in part altered by Pulton and other Editors to suit it to the Text, as taken from the Record, and being in part suffered by them to remain, as in the earliest

' See Note on the Ordinance 46 Edw. III. relative to Lawyers and Sheriffs being returned to Parliament, printed in page 294 of the Statutes in this Volume.

2 See ReevesÕs History of the English Law, cap. 26 : and ChristianÕs Edition of BlackstoneÕs Commentaries, Lib. 1. cap 2. in the Notes.

Editions, without making the Alterations necessary to remedy Errors, which were equally repugnant to the Old Printed Copies and to the Record. Throughout the whole Translation also Sentences are frequently inserted or omitted, contrary to the Authority of the Latin or French Text, as given from the Record or Manuscript, in the opposite Column of the Book; and the Translation, thus varying from the Text of the Record or Manuscript, is sometimes consistent with, and sometimes contrary to, the Old Printed Copies, which are not at all noticed.

Many palpable Errors and Omissions have been allowed to remain without Notice in all the Translations. Correftions, comparatively very few in Number, were silently made in the Progress of the Editions called PultonÕs and KebleÕs. Those made from Time to Time in RastallÕs English Colleftion, were numerous and important, but they have not been fully adopted in any Editions of the Statutes at large. The Suggestions of Correftions by Notes in the Margin of CayÕs Edition are very rare, comparatively with the numerous Errors aftually existing; but the Number of these Suggestions was somewhat increased in the Edition by RufFhead, though not to any considerable Extent. The like Observations apply to PickeringÕs Edition ; respefting which, however, it is material to notice, that of many of the obsolete, expired, or repealed Statutes or Parts of Statutes, a Translation only is given by PickeriDg, from the Edition by Pulton and that called RastallÕs 1618, with some Amendments; while the Latin or French Text, or an Abridgement in English, is given in the Editions by Hawkins, Cay, and RufFhead.

Upon the whole it is ascertained, That no complete Colleftion has ever been printed containing all the Matters, which at different Times, and by different Editors, have been published as Statutes. The earliest Editions of entire Statutes were printed at the latter End of the Fifteenth Century, and began with the Statutes of Edward III. in their Original Language : The Statutes of Henry III. Edw. I. and F.dw. II. were not printed entire until the beginning of the Sixteenth Century, and then in small Colleftions by themselves in their Original Language: and none of these Printed Copies quote any Record or Manuscript as an Authority for the Text which they exhibit. Later Editions of the Statutes, which combine tht Period previous to Edward III. with that of Edward III. and subsequent Kings, omit the Original Text of the Statutes previous to Henry VII.; giving Translations only of those Statutes, and the subsequent Statutes in English : And the most modern Editions which, in some Instances, insert the Original Text of the Statutes previous to Richard III. from the Statute Roll and ancient Manuscripts, omit the Translation of many Parts of them ; and in other Instances give a Translation without the Text, and also omit many Afts in the Period subsequent to Hen. VII. Further it is to be observed, that the several Printed Editions differ materially from each other in the Text of the Statutes previous to Hen. VIII. The Copy of the Statute of Gloucester, 6 Edw. I. in the Editions printed by Tottell in 1556 and 1587, and by Lord Coke in his Second Institute, varies most materially not only from that in the earlier Printed Editions by Pynson in 1508 and 1514, and by Berthelet in 1531, but also from that in the Edition by Marshe in 1556, the same Year in which the First Edition by Tottell was printed. The Copy of this Statute printed by Hawkins from the Statute Roll in the Tower, varies as well from those printed by Tottell and Lord Coke, as from those by Pynson, Berthelet, and Marshe. This Instance is mentioned, as the Statute of Gloucester is the earliest now existing on any Statute Roll.' Many other Instances occur, even in Cases where the Necessity of Correftness was most peculiarly requisite: Such are the Ancient Statutes relating to the Assize of Bread, the Composition of Weights and Measures, and the Measuring of Land : In all these the Calculations in the several Printed Copies vary from each other, and are all incorreft, some in one Particular, some in another. It may be noted, moreover, that many verbal Vari.ations occur between the several Editions which appear essentially to agree with each other. Thus the Copies in Tottell 1556, 1587, and the Second Institute, though generally accordant, are not precisely so: and the same Observation applies to the Editions by Pynson, Berthelet, and Marshe. These verbal Variations may be said to be innumerable, and though for the mosjt Part minute, they are occasionally important. After the Commence.ment of the Reign of Edward III. a greater Degree of Correftness and Uniformity prevail; but so late as the Reign of Henry VII. some Instances of material Variation continue to be met with. The Afts of Richard III. were printed in French, first by Caxton, and afterwards in PynsonÕs Edition of the Statutes from the Commence.ment of the Reign of Edw. Ill: In the Editions by Berthelet, Barker, and others, these Afts of Ric. III. were

printed in English, agreeing in Substance with the French Text: But in the Editions by Pulton, and subsequent Editors, there are essential Variances in the Translation, not only from the Sense of the French Text, but also from the former English Editions: And even of the Statutes of Henry VII., though always printed in' English, the Copies in the Editions by Pulton, and subsequent Editors, differ in several Instances from those in the earlier Printed Colleftions.

It is moreover ascertained, That no one complete printed Translation of all the Statutes previous to Hen. VII. exists: Sdme which are omitted from Berthelet 1543, and the other early Editions, including that called RastallÕs 1618, are inserted in Pulton 1618, and in Editions since published: On the contrary, several Parts of the Statutes from 1 Edw. III. to 1 Hen. VII., Translations of which are inserted in Berthelet, Rastall, and other Editions, are omitted, and merely Abridgements thereof given, in Pulton and subsequent Editions. All the Statutes therefore which have been hitherto translated can be found only by uniting Pulton 1618 and Rastall 1618, together with RastallÕs English Colleftion, and the English Editions by Berthelet, Middleton, and Barker. Many Errors and Inconsistencies occur in all the Translations, resulting either from Misinterpretation, or from improper Omissions or Insertions; and there are many antient Statutes of which no Translation has ever yet been printed.

1 There is reason to believe, from the Appearance of the Great Roll of Statutes in the Tower, that the Membranes which contained the Statutes preceding the Statute of Gloucester have been detached from those which now exist.


Q. Elizabeth. Sir N. Bacon.

Jjc. /.

Sir F. Baccu.

Sect. II.

Plans heretofore proposed for an Authentic Publication, or for the Revision, of the Statutes.

No Complete and Authentic Edition of the Statutes has hitherto been undertaken by Authority j nor has the Design itself ever been suggested, simply, and without Connexion with other Schemes of Reformation or Improvement.

A general Revision of the Statute Law has been often wcommended from the Throne ; and has been petitioned for by both Houses of Parliament; It has engaged the Labours of successive Committees, and has been under.taken by Individuals sometimes with, and sometimes without, the Sanction of Royal or Parliamentary Authority ; but has never yet been carried forward to any Degree of Maturity.

In Queen ElizabethÕs Reign, A.D. 1557, Sir N. Bacon, Lord Keeper, drew up a short Plan for reducing, ordering, and printing the Statutes of the Realm. The following are the Heads of this Plan: 1 Ò First where many Lawes be made for one Thing, the same are to be reduced and established into one Lawe, and the former to be abrogated.ÑItem, where there is but one Lawe for one Thing, that these Lawes are to remain in Case as they be.ÑItem, that all the ACtes be digested into Titles, and printed according to the Abridgement of the Statutes.ÑItem, where Part of one A die standeth in force and another Part abrogated, there should be no more printed but that that standeth in force.ÑThe doing of these Things maie be committed to the Persons hereunder written, if it shall so please her MaÒ' and her Counsell, and Daye wolde be given to the Committees until the First Daie of Michaelmas Terme next coming for the doing of this, and then they are to declare their Doings to be considered of by such Persons as it shall please her Malie to appoint.Ó Then follow Lists of Twenty Committees of Four each, in which the Judges, Serjeants, Attorney and Solicitor General, &c. are named; One Judge, &c. and Three Counsel forming a Committee, to each of which it was proposed that a Title or Division of the Statute Law should be referred.

The SubjeCt was afterwards taken into Consideration, so far as related to the Penal Laws, at subsequent Periods in the Reign of the same Queen, viz. Anno 27, A.D.1585.1ÑAnno 35, A.D. 1593.3ÑAnno 39 & 40, A.D. 1597.*Ñ Anno 43, A.D. i6ot.* 5ÑIn the Proceedings in 1593 and 1597 Sir Francis Bacon took Part, and upon them he appears to have founded his Sketch, or Plan of a General Revisal of the Statute Law.6ÑKing James the First, upon his Accession to the Throne of England, 1603-4, and in subsequent Periods of his Reign, recommended also to Parliament a Reform of all the Statute Law, and of the Penal Laws in particular.7

In the Year 1610 a Digest and Repeal of the Penal Law was expressly stipulated for by the House of Commons, and acceded to by the House of Lords, in their joint Transadtion of the Great Contract with the Crown 8; and in the same Reign Sir Francis Bacon, Lord C. J. Hobart, Serjeant Finch, Mr. Noy, and others, by the KingÕs Command, made considerable Progress in the general Work of reforming and re-compiling the Statute Law, which Lord Bacon describes9 as ÒAn excellent Undertaking, of Honour to His MajestyÕs Times, and of good to all Times jÓ and recommends, in Imitation of the Statutes of 27 Hen. VIII. c. 15, and 3 & 4 Edw. VI. c. 11, for appointing Commissioners to examine and establish Ecclesiasucal Laws, that Commissioners be named by both Houses for this Purpose also, with Power not to conclude, but only to prepare and propound the Matter to Parliament.

In the British Museum is preserved a Manuscript Volume Ô¡ containing the Plan of an elaborate Report, particularising the several Statutes, from the Statute of Westminster the First, 3 Ed. I. to 7 Jac. I. 1609, then actually repealed or expired, and also the Statutes thought fit either to be absolutely repealed, or to be repealed and new Laws to be made in their Place. Possibly this may be the very Work spoken of by Sir Francis Bacon." It is drawn up as by Authority, with detailed Reasons for every proposed Measure; but it is not signed by, or addressed to, any one. A Table is subjoined to it, exhibiting the Result of the Report.

Among the Papers of Mr. Petyt, in the Inner Temple Library," is a Letter of Lord BaconÕs, dated 27th February 1608, which shews that he had the Advantage of using for his proposed Plan a Manuscript Collection of the Statutes, made with great Labour by Mr. Michael Heneage, Keeper of the Tower Records, in Five large Volumes, which it is feared has been lost. Lord BaconÕs Disgrace at the latter Period of the Reign of King James I. and the Distractions of the Government in what related to Parliament, were probably the Causes of the Failure of these Measures, and of the Silence that ensues respecting them in Parliamentary History.

' MS. Harl. No. 249. 1 DtweaÕs Journ. 345. * DewesÕs Jourti. 469. 473.

Ç DewesÕs Journ. 533. 1 DtwesÕs Journ. 622.

Ô See the following Articles in BaconÕs Works, viz. Epistle Dedicatory to Queen Elizabeth, prefixed to Elements of the Law ;Ñ

Proposal for amending the Laws of England, to King James;ÑOffer to the King of a Digest: 410 Eoit. vol. ii. pa. 326. 546. 547, fScc.

7See LordsÕ Journals, i. 144. ii. 661. iii. 81. and Preface to CokeÕs Fourth Ueport. ÔLordsÕ Journ. ii.661.

9 Vol. ii. 4to. 347. ,o MS. Harl. No. 244. Ò Vol. ii. pa. 346.

l: MisceJt. xvii. p. 279.


During the Usurpation, the same Undertaking was resumed with Ardor. In 1650, a Committee was named, one of the Members whereof was Bulstrode Whitelock, then First Lord Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seal: The Purpose was Ò to revise all former Statutes and Ordinances now in force, and consider as well which are fit to be continued, altered, or repealed, as how the same may be reduced into a compendious Way and exatt Method, for the more ease and clearer Understanding of the People.Ó And the Committee were empowered Ò to advise with the Judges, and to send for and to employ and call to their Assistance therein any other Persons whom they should think fit, for the better effe&ing thereof, and to prepare the same for the further Consideration of the House, and to make Report thereof.Ó ' But no such Report has been preserved.

In 1651-2, Matthew Hale Esquire, afterwards Lord Chief Justice Hale, Sir Anthony Ashley Cooper, afterwards Lord Shaftesbury, and Rushworth the Author of the Historical Colledions, with other Persons out of the House, were appointed to report to the Committee their Opinions upon the Inconveniences of the Law; and a revised System of the Law was reported to the House in the Course of the same Year.1 The same Labour was afterwards transferred to other Hands, but the Work was not abandoned; and in 1653 a Committee was appointed to consider of a new Model or Body of the Law.3 But of this Committee no Proceedings are now discoverable.

After the Restoration, Finch, Solicitor General, afterwards Earl of Nottingham and Lord Chancellor, Serjeant Maynard, Sir Robert Atkins, Mr. Prynne, and others, were appointed in 1666, to be a Committee Ò to confer with such of the Lords, the Judges, and other Persons of the Long Robe, who have already taken Pains and made Progress in perusing the Statute Laws ; and to consider of repealing such former Statute Laws as they shall find necessary to be repealed; and of Expedients for reducing all Statute Laws of one Nature under such a Method and Head as may conduce to the more ready Understanding and better Execution of such Laws."3 This, however, was as ineffedual as any of the former Measures; and it is the last recorded Instance of the Interference of Parliament on the Subjeft, previous to those Proceedings which gave Rise to the Commissions under the Authority whereof the present Work has been executed.

The earliest Instance of the Exertions of any Individual, without the Sanffion of Parliamentary Authority, towards making a Collection of Statutes from authentic Sources, appears to have been afforded by Pulton.Ñ He was a learned Barrister, of great Age and Experience, and was employed for several Years in the Consideration of the Statute Law. He published two useful Books upon that Subjeft: first, an Abridgement of the Penal Statutes; and afterwards a Calendar or Abstract of all the Statutes in use, chronologically arranged ; together with an alphabetical Abridgement of them, in the Manner of RastallÕs Collection. He appears to have been encouraged and assisted in his first Work by Sir William Cordell, then Master of the Rolls, to whom it is dedicated ; various Editions of this were published from 1560 to 1577. His Calendar, first published about 1606, is distinguished by the following Expression in the Title Page ; viz. Ò Editum per mandatum Domini Regis.ÕÕ But nothing else, either in the Book or elsewhere, has been found to confer any Marks of Royal Authority upon the Contents of the Book. After the Publication of these Works, without any Public Patronage or Recommendation beyond a Permission to use the Records, he conceived the Plan of copying from their original Records, and printing for general Use, all the Statutes supposed to be in force.

This Plan it will be useful to state at Length : And this we are enabled to do by the Preservation of the Papers, containing his original Scheme, among Sir Robert CottonÕs Manuscripts in the British Museum.3 In one of these Papers the Design is set forth : It is indorsed, in a Hand frequent among the Cottonian Manuscripts, Ò Concerning Mr. PultonÕs Suiteand has no other Title, Mark, or Description at the Beginning or End ; though by another Article referring to it, there is Proof of its Date being in or previous to 1611. Ò Mr. Poulton seeketh to print the Statutes at Large. He promiseth to set down which Statutes or Parts of Statutes are repealed, and which, being at the first but temporary, are since expired and void, because not revived. This he hath already done in his late Abridgment, for which he had a Recompence of the Printer. Now, to make this new Book at large saleable, he promiseth to print the Statutes first in the Language the same were first written; and such as were originally in French or Latin, he will translate and print likewise in English. Where the Statute has no Title, he will devise a Title out of the Body, and print it with the Statute. He will set down which Statutes are warranted by the Record, and which not. He will correct the printed Book by the Record. For which Purpose he requireth free Access at all Times to the Records in the Tower. Being very aged, viz. almost Fourscore, he desireth that for his Ease and better enabling in his Work, the Keeper of the Records within the Tower of London may every Day deliver unto him, when he shall so require, One Parliament Roll, to be by him and his Clerk perused and viewed, in a Lodging which he hath taken near unto the said Office; the same afterwards to be redelivered by them to the said Keeper thereof. That the Clerk do help, further, and assist him in this Service by all the Means he can.Ó

' CommonsÕ Journ. vi. 417.

¥ CommonsÕ Journ. viii. 631.

1 CommonsÕ Journ. vii. 58, 74, 249, 250. 1 CommonsÕ Journ. vii. 304.

1 MS. Cott. Titus B.V. p. 269.

h


Usurpation.

Whitelock and oilier*.

Restoration. Finch. Maynard, and other*.

PultonÕ* Plan.

Catalogue A.No.$$, 44. 45.

No. 47.

Several Objections to the Prosecution of this Plan were made by Bowyer and Elsyng, Keepers of the Tower Records; among others, that they and their Predecessors had actually prepared Materials for the Work in question, and that they then had ready written Five Volumes of Statutes copied from the Records. These were perhaps the Volumes alluded to in Lord BaconÕs Letter before mentioned.' The Dispute between the Parties was continued for some Time :"But there remains among the Cottonian Manuscripts1 a Draught of an Award for its Determination by SirRobert Cotton himself, to whom they referred their Differences; and from a Paper in the British Museum, among the Manuscripts of Mr. Madox3, it appears, that an Order of Council passed on the 24th October 1611, granting Licence to Pulton to have the Use of the Records in the Manner asked. It recites that he undertook the Work by Persuasion of the Judges and others learned in the Laws, and requires the Keepers of the Records, on account of the Importance of the Work, and for the Benefit of the Learned, to assist and further him all they can.

Pulton lived to publish this proposed Edition in 1618; which is the Work already spoken of as PultonÕs English Statutes. In his Preface, after noticing the Redundancies of former Editions, containing Subsidy ACts and other ACts Ò expired, repealed, altered, and worn out of Use,Ó and his Intention to publish such only Ò which be now in Life, Force, and general Use,Ó he gives the following Statement of the Means he had employed in compiling his Collection.

Ò First, with as great Means, Care, and Industry, as possibly I could use, so many of the old Statutes here.tofore printed in the English Tongue, made and published in the Reigns of the first Ten Kings (accounting from 9 of Hen. III. unto 1 of Ric. III. inclusive), as be chiefly in Use and PraCtice, and which are the Foundation of Proceedings both legal and judicial, have been by me truly and sincerely examined by the original Records thereof remaining in the Tower of London ; and the Residue with the Register of Writs, being the most antient Book of the Law, the old and new Natura Brevium, the Books of Entries, the Books of Years, and Terms of the Law ; the best approved, printed, and written Books ; and by all such other Circumstances as might best give Probability of Truth unto the Learned. By reason whereof, the foresaid DefeCts, Imperfections, and Emblemishments being reformed in this Edition, as it is a Collection of the most usual Laws, gathered from out the grand Codex of all the Statutes, so it tnay serve as a Correction to the former Impressions.Ó

The DefeCts of PultonÕs Publication, as a general Collection of Statutes, are chiefly these : 1 st. As to the Statutes preceding Henry VII. it is a Translation in Englilh, and does not exhibit the Text in the original Language of the Records, as might have been expeCted from his Proposal : adly. Though it had the Permission, it had not the Authority of the King, by whom all ACts of Legislation are to be communicated to the Subject; and was only the private Work of an Individual for his own Benefit : 3dly. It is a partial Selection of such Statutes as in the Judge.ment of the Author, were fittest to appear in his Book ; their Authority and Use, whether in force or repealed, depending on his Opinion : 4thly. It is not, nor does it purport to be, a correCt and examined Copy from the Original Records, of all those ACls which are given at large; but of such only as the Author thought necessary so to examine and correCl: And it is left uncertain, which, and how many of them, were taken from printed or written Books. It has, therefore, though in a less Degree, the same Faults as all the Collections and Editions of Statutes printed before; and it was particularly unfortunate that the Author did not execute that Part of his Proposals which made their greatest Merit, namely, the giving an accurate Copy of the Original Text of the antient Statutes from the Record.

These Objections are no less applicable to the Editions by Hawkins and Cay, as falling short of the Character of a complete and authentic Collection of the Statutes. They professed indeed to have copied their Text from original Records, or other Manuscripts, in Latin and French ; but by printing some Statutes, and parts of Statutes, with the Translation, and some without it, and giving only a Translation of others, they have rendered their Editions liable to still further Objections, for which no subsequent Editor has hitherto attempted to offer a Remedy.

From the preceding Statement, the Necessity and Use of an Authentic Publication of the Statutes of the Realm will appear: for, although the DefeCts of all former Collections have been long complained of by learned and eminent Men, and although various Propositions have been offered at different Times, for an Authentic Publication of the Statutes, none such has yet been executed. At length, however, a SeleCt Committee, appointed by the House of Commons of Great Britain in the Year 1800, to enquire into the State of the Public Records of the Kingdom, having reported upon this Branch of the Matters referred to their Consideration, that in their Opinion, it was Ò highly expedient for the Honour of the Nation, and the Benefit of all His MajestyÕs SubjeCts, that a complete and authoritative Edition of all the Statutes should be published in pursuance of their Recommend.ation the present Work has been undertaken and executed ; under the Authority and Direction of Commissioners specially appointed by His Majesty to carry into Effect the several Measures which were by that Committee recommended to the Attention of Parliament.

CHAP. II.

Of The Charters prefixed to this Col/eftion of The Statutes.

A Series of the Charters of the Liberties of England it prefixed to this Colle&ion of The

Statutes: namely, Charters of Liberties; i Henry I. A. D. i ioi : i Stephen A. D. 1136: Of Stephen and Henry II. without Date : Charter for free Elections in Churches; 16 John A. D. 1314: Articles or Heads of Magna Carta; 17 John A. D. 1315 : Magna Carta; 17 John .A. D. 1315 : 1 Henry HI. A. D. 1216;

A. D. 1217': 9 Henry III. A. D. 1224-5: 36 Henry III. A. D. 1251-2: Carta de Foresta; 2 Henry III. A. D. 1317: 9Henry III. A.D. 1324-5: And Charters confirming Magna Carta and Carta de Foresta; 31 Hen. III. A. D. 1236-7 : 49 Hen. III. A. D. 1364-5 : 25 Edw. I. A. D. 1297 : Edw. I. A. D. 1300:

39Edw. I. A.D. 1300-1.Õ

Magna Carta and Carta de Foresta, granted in the 9th Year of King Henry III. have, in every Colleflion of Statutes which contained the Statutes previous to 1 Edw. III. been printed as the first in Order. In all Editions previous to HawkinsÕs, they were printed as from Charters of Inspeximus of 28 Edw. I: By Hawkins and subsequent Editors they were printed from the Charter of Inspeximus entered on the Statute Roll of 25Edw.I: But in no Edition hitherto have they been printed immediately from any Charter of 9 Hen. Ill; and it is not known that any Statute Roll of that Date ever existed. In the present Colle&ton, these Charters are inserted according to their place in the above Series, and are printed from Charters under the Great Seal: They are also printed again amongst the Statutes 25 Edw. I. from the Entry on the Statute Roll of that Year, being the earliest Parliamentary Record upon which they have been found.

For the Purpose of examining all the Charters, and Authentic Copies and Entries thereof, and also of searching for antient Copies and Entries of Statutes, and Instruments not now to be found on the Statute Roll, Two Sub-Commissioners were employed during the Summer of 1806, in making a Progress through England and Ireland to every Place where it appeared from the Returns to the Record Committee of 1800, or from other Intelligence, that any such Charters, Copies, or Entries were preserved : And Searches have been made successively at every Cathedral in England which was known to possess any such Charters, Copies, or Entries; and also at the Univerfities of Oxford and Cambridge ; at Trinity College Dublin; at the Courts of Exchequer, and other Public Offices in Dublin ; and wherever else Information could be obtained on the Subjed. The Result, so far as relates to the Charters, may be thus briefly stated.

In Rochester Cathedral is preserved the Textui Roffensis : This is a Chartulary, or Collection of Charters and Instruments, compiled by Emulf, who was Bishop of Rochester from A.D. 1115 to A.D. 1125. In this Chartulary is an Entry of the Charter of Liberties, granted in the First Year of King Henry I. A. D. 1101 5.

In Exeter Cathedral is preserved an Original Charter granted in the First Year of King Stephen A. D. 1136.

Ô De libertatibus Ecclesie Anglie & Regni.Õ

In Canterbury Cathedral are several Chartularies or Registers of very antient Date. In these are entered the Charter of King Stephen, of which an Original is in Exeter Cathedral, and the Charter of King John, granted in the Sixteenth Year of his Reign, for free Elections of Prelates, &c. in Churches and Monasteries.

In Lincoln Cathedral, an Original of the Great Charter of Liberties, granted by King John in the Seventeenth Year of his Reign, is preserved in a perfed State. This Charter appears to be of superior Authority to either of the Two Charters of the same Date, preserved in the British Museum. From the contemporary Indorsements of the Word Lincolnia on Two Folds of the Charter, this may be presumed to be the Charter transmitted by the Hands of Hugh the then Bishop of Lincoln, who is one of the Bishops named in the Introdudory Clause ; and it is observable that several Words and Sentences are inserted in the Body of this Charter, which in both the Charters preserved in the British Museum, are added, by way of Notes for Amendment, at the Bottom of the Instrument.

In Durham Cathedral, several Charters of the Liberties of England are preserved with great Care; namely Magna Carta 12 Nov. 1 Hen. III.ÑCarta de Foresta 2 Hen. III.ÑMagna Carta and Carta de Foresta 9 Hen. III. The Carta de Foresta 2 Hen. III. is the earliest Charter of the Forest; the Original and all Authentic Records of which were supposed by Blackstone to be lost * *. It is remarkable that in this Original is inserted a Clause which occurs in an Entry of this Charter on a Roll, formerly belonging to the Abbey of Hales Owen in Shropshire, communicated to Blackstone by Lord Lyttelton Ô; and which is not inserted in the Carta de Foresta 9 Hen. III.

* It is not ascertained whether this Charter was granted in the First or Second Year of the Reign of Hen. III. See BlackstoneÕ] Charters, Introd. 410. pa. xxxviiiÑxl.: 8vo. pa. lixÑlxiii. A Manuscript, N0.70. in Benet College Library Cambridge, attributes this Charter positively to the first Year.

1 See more fully The Table prefixed to The Charters ; specifying the Original or Entry from which each Charter is respectively printed, and the Place where such Original or Entry is preserved.

1 Of this Charter two antient Copies are entered in the Red Book of the Exchequer at Westminster ; a Copy in MS. Cott. Claud. D. II. is comparatively modern and very incorreff.

* See Blackstone s Charters, Introd . 4to Edit. pa. xlii;Ñ8vo Edit. pa. lxv.

i De boscis autem aliorum nullum detur chi.ninagium foristariis nostris preterquam de dominicis boscis nostris.

See BlackstoneÕs Charters, 4to. pa. xlviii. Note w :Ñpa. li. Note z.Ñ8vo. pa. lxxiv. and lxxviij.

A Charter of the Date of ta Nov. 1 Hen. III., was transmitted to Ireland ; and an Entry thereof is preserved in the Red Book of the Exchequer at Dublin.

In several other Cathedrals are Chartularies, Registers, or Colle&ions, of antient Date, containing Entries of the Great Charters and Charters of the Forest. The most valuable of these are at York, Gloucester, and Christ-Church, Dublin.

The Magna Carta of 9 Henry III. under Seal, from which Blackstone printed a Copy in his Edition of The Charters, and which he suggests was the Charter designed for the Use of the Knights or Military Tenants of Wiltshire, is still preserved by the Family of the Talbots, of Lacock Abbey, in that County.

In the Bodleian Library at Oxford are Magna Carta A. D. 1 a 17; and the Charters of Confirmation a 1 Henry III; and 39 Edward I.

In the British Museum is the Original of the Articuli Magne Carte under the Seal of King John, from which Blackstone printed the Copy in his Edition of the Charters. Two of the Great Charters of King John, one of 36th Henry III., and the Charter of Confirmation granted by King Edward I. at Ghent, in the 35th "Year of his Reign, are also preserved in the same Repository.

On the Statute Roll of 35 Edward I. are entered Charters of Inspeximus of that Date, reciting and confirming Magna Carta and Carta de Foresta of 9 Henry III. Entries of similar Charters dated a8 Ed. I. are made on the Charter Rolls of that Year; the only Difference between these several Charters of Inspeximus is that those of the 25th Year are tested by the KingÕs Son, and those of the 28th by the King himself. Original Charters of Inspeximus of these respective Dates, agreeing with the Entries on the Statute and Charter Rolls, are still in Existence. Of these Charters one of 25 Edw. I. confirming Magna Carta, is in the Town ClerkÕs Office London. Others of 28 Ed. I. confirming Magna Carta are in the same Repository, as also in Durham Cathedral, Westminster Collegiate Church, Oriel College Oxford, and in the Town ClerkÕs Office at Appleby in Westmoreland. Others of the same Date, confirming Carta de Foresta, are in Durham Cathedral, and Oriel College Oxford.

From these Materials, and others previously obtained, Transcripts and Collations were made and accurately examined by the Sub-Commissioners. The Text of the several Charters inserted in the present Collection is printed from these Transcripts ; an attentive and strict Collation of the printed Text with the Transcript, has been made by one of the Sub-Commissioners, who himself assisted in making the Transcript, and in examining it with the Original; and where an engraved Copy has been made of any Charter, the printed Text has also been collated with such engraved Copy.

This Collection of Charters will be found to differ from BlackstoneÕs Edition of the Charters, and other printed Copies in the following Particulars : First, In exhibiting a complete Series of the Charters of Liberties, granted by the Kings of England; in which their Original and Progress may be traced until their final and complete Establish.ment in the Twenty-ninth Year of King Edward I.ÑSecondly, In affording in every Instance a faithful Transcript from Original Charters or Entries thereof; in Characters representing the Manuscript with its Contractions or Abbreviations,' so far as the same could be accomplished by Printing Types : Engraved Fac-Similes are also sub.joined, which have been made with great Care and Attention from several of the Charters, namely; the Charter of Liberties granted by Stephen, in Exeter Cathedral; the Articuli Magne Carte of John, in the British Museum ; the Magna Carta of John, in Lincoln Cathedral; the Carta de Foresta, 2 Hen. III. and the Magna Carta 9 Hen.III. in Durham Cathedral; the Entry of the Charter of Confirmation 21 Hen. Ill, on the Charter Roll of that Year in the Tower of London ; and the Charter of Inspeximus 25 Edw. I. in the Town ClerkÕs Office, London.ÑThirdly, In inserting the Stops or Points which Blackstone omitted, but which are justified by the Originals, and which are material to the Sense ; and in avoiding many Errors, which had crept into all prior Editions, even that of Blackstone himself, in consequence of the Transcripts and Examinations being intrusted, at different Places, to different Persons not all equally competent to the Task, and from the Collation of unauthenticated Manuscript Copies supposed to be of a Date much more antient than in Truth they are.1 Fourthly, In inserting Charters not before printed, viz. 1. The Charter of the Sixteenth Year of King John, for the free Eleftion of Prelates, &c. which is parti.cularly adverted to in the Magna Carta granted by that King : 2. TheFirst Charter of theForest, granted in the second Year of Henry III. now preserved inDurham Cathedral; the Existence of which escaped the Researches of Blackstone :

3. The Confirmation Charter of 36 Hen. Ill, which accounts for some Alterations in the Charters of Inspeximus and Confirmation of Magna Carta granted by Edward 1: 4. The Charter of Inspeximus and Confirmation of Magna

Carta 25 Edw. I. from the Original preserved in the Town ClerkÕs Office London ; being of the same Date as that entered on the Statute Roll: The Authenticity of this last mentioned Charter is evinced peculiarly by the Writ which is annexed to it; and no other such Original Charter of this Date is now known to exist: 5. The Charter of Inspeximus and Confirmation of Magna Carta 28 Edw. I; And, 6. The Charter of Inspeximus and Confirmation of Carta de Foresta 28 Edw. I; both from the Charter Roll of that Year in the Tower of London. From the Charters of Inspeximus 25 & 28 Edw. I. as entered on the Statute and Charter Rolls, Blackstone gave only Various Readings as Notes to the Charters of 9 Hen. Ill; but did not print the Charters themselves at length.

1 An Explanation of the Contractions is given in a Table in Appemtix D.

ÕThe Entry of Magna Carta A D. 1217, in the Liber Custumarum, in the Town Clerk's Office, London, is said by Blackstone to be written by a contemporary Hand : See BlackstoneÕs Charters, Introd. 4to Edit. pa. xxxvuiÑijvo. pa. lix. But the Book affords internal Evidence that this Entry was certainly not made before 14 Ed. II. A. D. 1320.

Goj jgl

e

CHAP. III.

Sect.I.ÑOf the Matters inserted in this ColleSiion of The Statutes; and their Arrangement.ÑSect. II. Of the Sources from whence the several Matters have been taken.ÑSect. III. Of the Mode used in searching fory transcribing, collatings notings and printing the Text of the Statutes.

Sect. I.

Of the Matters inserted in this Collection of the Statutes; and their Arrangement.

1. All Instruments whatever, comprehended in any of the several ColleSions of Statutes printed previous to the Edition by Hawkins, are inserted in this Work; these having for a long Series of Years been referred to, and accepted as Statutes in Courts of Law : Together with these are inserted all Matters of a public Nature, purporting to be Statutes, first printed by Hawkins or any subsequent Editor ; and also New Matters of the like Nature, contained in any Statute Rolls, Inrollments of Afts, Exemplifications, Transcripts by Writ, and Original Adis, although not heretofore printed in any general Colledlion of Statutes. All these are placed in the Body of the Work as Text. But it is to be particularly observed, that any Decision upon the Degree of Authority to which any new Instrument may be entitled, as being a Statute or not, is entirely disclaimed.

At the Foot of the Text in each page, there are added, such Various Readings as appeared necessary to corredk its Errors, or to supply its Deficiencies;' or to reconcile any material Contradidlion or Repugnancy between the Text and the Translation; or between different Copies of the Text, where they were of equal of of nearly equal Authority. In the earlier Reigns, or in the Absence of any Authentic Source for the Text, such Various Readings are noted with much greater Freedom than in later Times, or where Authentic Sources exist. Writs and other Instruments, having diredt or material Reference to the several Statutes, are occasionally subjoined by way of Notes. These Various Readings and Instruments are taken from the following Sources: Inrollments of Adis; Exemplifications; Transcripts by Writ; Original Adis; Rolls of Parliament; Close, Patent, Fine, and Charter Rolls; Books containing Entries of Record; Antient Books and Manuscripts not of Record, but preserved in the Repositories of Courts of Justice, and Corporation Offices; or in the Libraries of Cathedrals, Universities, Colleges, or Inns of Court, and at the British Museum: Various Readings have been also admitted from the Printed Editions; occasionally in Confirmation of the Manuscript Sources, and more frequently in Cases where those Sources have been found deficient.

Every Thing heretofore printed in any former Colledlion of Statutes, is in this Volume printed in an uniform Type; and all new Matters, whether Various Readings, Notes, or entire Statutes or Instruments, are distinguished by a smaller Type. The entire Matters whether old or new, of which the Dates are ascertained, are piaced in Chronological Order ; and all, during the Reigns of Hen. III. Edw. I. and Edw. II., the Dates of which are uncertain, are classed together, after the Manner of former Editions, at the End of the Reign of Edward II.

A compleat Enumeration of all Matters included in this Colledlion, whether as Text or in the Notes, is exhibited in a general Chronological Table of Contents prefixed to the Body of the Statutes ; specifying the Source or Authority, from whence the Text, Notes, and Various Readings are respedlively taken.

2. Other Matters of a Parliamentary Form and Charadler have been recognized at different Periods of our History, as appearing to have Legislative Authority. It has been observed by Lord Coke, that Ò Acts of Parlia.ment are many times in form of Charters or Letters Patent;Ó1 and many such have been inserted in all Editions of the Statutes : and that there are Ò many Adis of Parliament that be in the Rolls of Parliament and never yet printed :ÓJ In the Report also of the Seiedt Committee of the House of Commons, in the Year 1800, upon the Subjedl of the Public Records, it is stated, that many Statutes and Ordinances in the Rolls of Parliament are not inserted in the Printed Statute Books; And it is certain that many Adis and Matters not found on any Statute Roll, nor contained in any printed Editions of the Statutes, are found on the Parliament Rolls, which appear to have received the threefold Assent of King, Lords, and Commons, or to have such Qualities, as have been allowed by Courts of I,aw to imply that Assent.*

With a View therefore to a Consideration of the Question, whether Matters of this Nature should be compre.hended in the present Work, Lists of a great Number of them were prepared, not only from the Parliament

1 Many Instances of Enrors and Deficiencies exist even in the Statute Roll; it may be sufficient to quote ihe Clause in Chapter 5, of the Statute Westminster the Second, respedling Damages in Writs of Darrein Presentment and Quarc Impedit t In this Clause, the Words which give the Patron damages to the Amount of Two Years Value of the Church, jn case of lapse to the Bishop, by reason of the disturbance of the Presentation, are omitted on the Roll. In Chapter 28 of the same Statute, the Statute of Gloucester is quoted instead of the Statute of Westminster the First. See pa. 77, note 6Ñ8 ; and page 85, note j of the Statutes in this Volume.

1 2 Inst. 525 ; and- see also the PrinceÕs Case 8 Rep. 13, througltout. The Creation by F.dward III. of his eldest Son to be Duke of Cornwall, was by the KingÕs Letters Patent, dated at Westminster 17th March,in the 1 ith Year of his Reign, and therein recited to be Ò de coi assensu & consilio Prelatoy, Comitu, Baronu, & aliop de consilio nro in jJsenti pliamento nro apud Westiri die Lune px post festu Sci Mathie Apli px pterito convocalo, existenciu.ÓÑThe Parliament Roll of that Year is not now known to exist; But the Letters Patent are inrolled on the Charter Roll of that Year, m. 28. nu. 60: Other Letters Patent relating to the Duchy and its Rights, dated at Westminster, 18th March in the same Year, are entered on the same Charter Roll m.26. nu. 53 : and others dated at the Tower of London, 3 January in the same Year, m. 1. nu. 1. of the same Roll.Ñ These Letters Patent are briefly recited in Rot. Pari. 5 H. IV. nu. 22. and fully in Rot. Pari. 3S Hen. VI. nu. 29.ÑFor other antient Grants relating to the Duchy, See Rot. Cart. 11 Edw. III. m. 7. nu. 14 : m. 1. nu. 1 : and 16 Edw. III. m. 1. nu. 1.

1 4 Inst. 30; and see also Co. Litt. 98, a. b; and the Year Book 7 Hen. VII. 14, ty, 16.

* On the Trial of the Earl of Macclesfield in 1725, before the House of Lords, on an Impeachment for Extortion in his Office 'of Chancellor, the Entry in Rot. Pari. 11 Hen, IV. nu. 28. of the Petition of the Commons, Ò that no Chancellor, Judge, 8cc.


Rolls, but also from other Records, particularly the Close Rolls and Patent Rolls, which were examined for the Purpose with great Care and Diligence, and Transcripts and Collations of many of them were made for the Examination of the Commissioners. In the Progress of this Labour, however, it appeared that the Matters which came within the Description above mentioned, were so numerous, that the indiscriminate Insertion of all of them would constitute a Mass, the very Bulk of which would prove inconvenient. But, what was of still greater Importance, upon Examination it became with respefl to many of them, a Subject of Discussion, from which no certain Conclusion could be derived, to what Extent they had in fail received Sanction, and whether therefore they were, in any Degree, entitled to be considered as of Legislative Authority.' It was obvious, at the same Time, that to have made a Selection only of such Matters as in the Opinion of the Commissioners were the least doubtful, was in Effect encountering the same Difficulty only in a smaller Degree; and the Sources, from which they were to be taken, not being in themselves conclusive Evidence,* that the Matters contained in them were Statutes, the Selection in each Instance necessarily could be nothing more than the Result of private Judgment; without the Authority of that Ò general received Tradition,Ó which, as Lord Hale observes,1 attests and approves those Statutes which are not properly extant of Record.

Atts also which received the Royal Assent, and which were entered only on the Parliament Roll, and not on the Statute Roll, have been frequently termed Ordinances ; and various Distindfions have ineffe&ually been attempted to be made between an Ordinance and a Statute, with regard to the Nature and Validity of each respe&ively :4 But whatever has at any Time been written on this Subjedf is contradictory and indistinct ; and in the Reign of Charles I, the Information on this Point, then of some Importance, appears to have been very unsatisfactory.5

should take any Gift or Brocage for doing their Office,Ó to which the KingÕs Answer, Ò Le Roi le veut" is subjoined, was produced in Evidence on the part of the Managers of the Impeachment, as a Statute, or public Adt of Parliament, although not entered on the Statute Roll; and it was also urged in Argument, as Ò common Learning," that the Parliament Roll was the Voucher to the Statute Roll. See State Trials, Vol. VI. 760. the Earl of MacclesfieldÕs Case ; and 3 Inst. 146, 224, 225, where this Entry is printed at length, and considered by Lord Coke as an Adi of Parliament. See also the Argument on the Jurisdidlion of Chancery annexed to Vol. I. of Reports of Cases in Chancery, where the necessity and propriety of consulting the Petition and Answer, or the Entry thereof on the Parliament Roll, as the Warrant for the Statute Roll, is much insisted on, upon the Authority of Sir Francis Bacon, and other eminent Lawyers ; with Reference to the Statute 4 Hen. IV. cap. 22. In Rot. Pari.

10 Hen. VI. nu. 20. is a Petition of the Commons, for settling the Payment of the Fees and Salaries of the KingÕs Justices, Serjeants, and Attorney, to which is subjoined the KingÕs Answer, Ò Fiat prout petitur In the oldest Abridgements of the Statutes, Title ÔJustices,Õ this is abridged as an Adi of 10 Hen.VI. and called Ô Statutumper se and the Abridgement is copied into RastallÕs Colledlion, and it is there noted that Ò this is not in the printed Book of Statutes The whole is inserted in CayÕs Edition of the Statutes, as Stat. 2. of 10 Henry VI. It is observable also, that the Statute 23 Edw. III. * pro hiis qui nati sunt in partibus transmarinis Õ pa. 310 of the Statutes in this Volume, is in the Old Abridgements called Ô Statutum perse:Õ and that in those Abridgements, Title ' Excommengement,Õ reference is made to an Instrument cited in the earlier Editions as of 9 Ed. III. and in later Editions, as of 8 Edw. 111. called Ô Ordinatio per se Õ whereby Writs were ordained for excommu.nicating disturbers of the Peace of the Church and the Realm. In the later Editions, it is alleged that such Writs were framed on a Statute 5 Ed. Ill st. 2. c. 1.: Rastall in the early Editions of his Collection, quoting these Abridgements, adds, Ò But I cannot find anie of these Statutes.Ó See further Rot. Pari. 35 Edw. 1: 5 Edw. II: 14 Edw. II. nu. 5, 33 : 5 Edw. III. nu. 3, 3,6: 6Edw.III. P. 2. nu.3 : 14Edw.III. P. a: 20 Edw. III. nu. 21, 45 : 25 Edw. III. nu. 10, 16 : 28 Edw. III. nu. 13 : 36 Edw. III. nu. 35 : 38 Edw. III. nu. 9: 40 E. III. nu. 8: 42 Edw. III. nu. 9 : 46 Edw. III. nu. 13,43: 2 Ric. II. nu. 62 : 3 Ric. II. nu. 39 : 6 Ric. II. nu. 53 : 8 Ric. II. nu. 31 : 20 Ric. II. nu. 29: 5 Hen. IV. nu. 22, 24, 41 : 8 Hen. IV. nu. 36:

11 Hen. IV. nu. 23, 63 : 6 Hen. V. nu. 27 : 8 Hen. VI. nu. 27 : 9 Hen. VI. nu. 24 : 33 Hen. VI. nu. 43 : 38 Hen. VI. nu. 29 : and very many other Articles, all of which appear to have the same qualities as those of 11 Hen. IV. nu. 28. and 10 Hen. VI. nu. 20. above particularly noticed. See also the Instances quoted, post, page xxxvii, note 4. In the Old Report of Statutes from 3 Edw. I. to 1 Jac. I. MS. Harl. No. 244. mentioned in Page xxvi of this Introduction, the Instrument intituled Articuli de Moneta, usually ascribed to 20 Edw. I. is considered as a Proclamation not as a Statute ; and this and some other Instruments classed among the antient Statutes are reported therein as fit to be repealed, on account of the uncertainty of their Validity as Statutes.

1 For a Statement of the Difficulties upon the Terms Concilium, 8cc. as descriptive of Parliament in the early Records, according to the DoChine laid down in the PrinceÕs Case, 8 Rep. 20, 2 Inst. 267, and elsewhere, see PrynneÕs Plea for the Lords and House of Peers, Sett. 2, and Prynne, first Part of an Historical Collection of the Antient Parliaments of England ; Lord HaleÕs Treatise of the Jurisdiction of the Lords House of Parliament, HargraveÕs Edit. Chapter III ; and Luders, Trad. IV. published in 1810. 1 See Pa. xxxvii, and Note 4 there.

J Hale H. C. L. ch. 1. ad fin. And in the PrinceÕs Case 8 Rep. 20 b, it is said, upon the alleged authority of 7 Hen. VII, 14 a, b, and 34 Edw. Ill, 12, Ò multa sunt statut, que scribunf, domin Rex statuit; si tamen Rotulo Parliamentary intrentur ft tempÕ ut Aft' ParliamentÕ approbentur, intendetur haec authoritat Parliamenti fuisse.Ó

4 See Co. Litt. 139 b. and the Note thereon in the last Edition : and 4 Inst. 25.

J In the British Museum are Two Copies, Donation Manuscripts, ^4489 and 5668, of a Manuscript Treatise entitled * Expeditions Billarum Antiquitas,Õ drawn up apparently by Elsyng, who was Deputy Clerk of the Parliaments in 1620, and for several Years afterwards. See also MSS. Harl. 303, 4273, 6583. This Work professes to give an historical Account of the antient Mode of passing Bills in Parliament: It appears from internal Evidence to have been written between 1628 and 1640, and to have been designed as a Second Part of the Treatise on Parliaments. It is vouched throughout by reference to original Petitions and Rolls of Parliament, from 4 Edward III. the earliest known to the Writer to exist, to 27 Hen. VI. In th^ Treatise, the Form and Validity of Ordinances, as distinguished from Statutes, are stated much at length ; and amongst other Things it is asserted that an Ordinance cannot make Neto or Permanent Law, nor repeal any Statute, but that temporary Provisions, consistent with the Law in force, may be made by way of Ordinance; and that an Ordinance may be repealed by a subsequent Ordinance without Statute. See Rot. Pari. 21 Edw. III. nu.13, 47, 32 ; 22 Edw. III. nu. 20, 21 ; 37 Edw. III. P. 1. nu. 37, 38, 39 ; 45 Edw. III. nu. 24, 25, 37, 40 ; that the King did forbear to grant those Petitions which demanded Novel Ley, when he had no Intent to make a Statute. See also Rot. Pari. 22 Edw. III. nu. 30, that the Laws had and used in Times past could not be changed without making thereon a New Statute: and see Rot. Pari. 11 Hen. IV. nu.63, 13 Hen. IV. nu. 49, that Ordinances of Parliament which introduced Novel Ley were not of any Force. In the Parliament 37 Edw. III. it was precisely demanded by the Chancellor, whether the Matters then agreed on, being new and not before known or used, should be granted bv way of Ordinance or Statute, and that of Ordinance was preferred by the Parliament, for the Purpose that if any Thing were to be amended it might be amended at the next Parliament: The Ordinance was accordingly entered on the Back of the Parliament Roll, and was termed an Ordinance in the subsequent Parliament. It is very remarkable, however, that this Ordinance is also entered on the Statute Roll, and has always been received as a Statute of this Year; that Penalties inflicted by former

Goa de

From these Considerations therefore, upon mature Deliberation, it has been deemed advisable that this Collection should include all such Instruments as have been inserted in any general Collection of Statutes printed previously to the Edition by Hawkins; with the Addition, only of such Matters of a public Nature, purporting to be Statutes, as were first introduced by him or subsequent Editors, and of such other New Matters of the like Nature, as could be taken from Sources of Authority not to be controverted ; namely, Statute Rolls; Inrollments of ACts, Exemplifications, Transcripts by Writ, and Original ACb.

In the 31st Year of Henry VIII. rile Distinction between Public Acts and Private Acts is for the first Time specifically stated on the IrrroIIment in Chancery.' No Private ACts passed after that Date have been admitted into this Collection: It has been thought sufficient to notice them, by the Insertion of their Titles only.

Sect. II.

Of the Sources from whence the several Matters have been taken.

I. The Sources from which the Materials have been taken for this Collection, are necessarily of a different Character and Description in different Periods of our History.

The earliest Statutes contained in the several Collections are those of Henry III; but no Parliamentary Record of Statutes is now known to be extant, prior to the Statute Roll 6 Kdw. I. To this interval nevertheless belong the Statutes of Merton, Marlborough, Westminster the First, and several others, always included in the Printed Editions. For this early Period, therefore, Recourse must be had to inferior Sources for the Text of our Statute Law : And even in subsequent Times, there is not only an Interruption in the Series of Statute Rolls, namely, after 8 Hen. VI, until 23 Hen. VI, inclusive, during which the like Recourse must be had to Sources of an inferior Degree of Authority ; but the Statute Rolls themselves do not, within their own Period, contain all the bistruments which have been acknowledged as Statutes. After 8 Edw. IV. the Statute Roll is not preserved ; after 4 Henry

VII. it ceased to be made up ; and ultimately it was succeeded, for practical Purposes, by the Inrollment in Chan.cery ;1 though during a short Period the Statute Roll and the Inrollment appear to have been contemporary.

The Materials for the several Periods during which no Statute Rolls or Parliamentary Records exist, can only be collected from Records, on which Copies or Extracts of Statutes have been entered ; or from other Manu.scripts not of Record ; or, in Default of other Authority, from the oldest Printed Editions in which such Matters were first inserted. With respeft to Entries of Record, in these Periods, That has been judged to be the most authentic Evidence of a Statute, which has been preserved as a Record or authentic Copy from antient Times, in the Custody of the highest Courts authorized for that Purpose. Such are Copies or Extracts of particular Statutes found in the Close, Patent, Fine, and Charter Rolls, being Records of Chancery. Such also are the Red Books of the Exchequer of Westminster, and Dublin. On Failure of these Records, Recourse has, of Necessity, been had to Manuscripts not of Record, preserved in the Custody of Courts of Justice, Public Libraries, or other Public Repositories. Such are some antient Books of Statutes in the Exchequer at Westminster, in the Town ClerkÕs Office, London, in the several Cathedrals, in the Public and other Libraries of the several Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and Dublin, and in the British Museum : When all these Sources have proved deficient, and in such Case only, a Copy has been admitted, from the oldest Printed Edition, with Various Readings from subsequent Printed Editions.

During the Periods in which Statute Rolls or other Parliamentary Records do aftually exisr, the Authentic Evidence of Statutes, (and of other Proceedings in Parliament, before the Commencement of the Journals,) must be searched for upon Statute Rolls ; Inrollments of Ads; Exemplifications of such Statute Rolls or Inrollments ; Transcripts by Writ into Chancery for the Purpose of such Exemplifications; Original Acts ; and Rolls of Parliament.ÑThese are the only Authentic Sources from whence, during those Periods, a Knowledge can be obtained of the different Occurrences in Parliament, whether important or minute. With the Exception of some Rolls containing Proceedings in Parliament from 18 to 35 Edw. I, which are in the Chapter House at Westminster,

Statutes were repealed by it; and that Words of Enaftment for Statute are expressly used therein. See Rot. Pari. 37 Edw. III. Part 1. nu. 38, 39 : 38 Edw. III. nu.i 1 : 1 Ric. II. nu. 1 j : Rot.Stat. 37 Edw.III. m. 5, 6 : 38 Edw. III. m. 6 d : Chapters 16 and 19 of the Statute 37 Edw. Ill; and Chapter 2 of Stat. 38 Edw. III. Stat. 1. as printed in pages 378, 38a, 383, of the Statutes in this Volume : and further, Rot. Pari. 38 Edw. III. nu. 9, and the Ordinances there recited, which were entered on the Statute Roll, and are primed as a Statute of that Year in all Editions, and in page 385 of this Volume. See also Prynne's Irenarchus Redivivus, p. 27, &c. in which, contrary to Lord CokeÕs Authority, 4 Inst. 2j, he lays it down that Ordinances and Afts of Parliament were one and the same.

In ClarendonÕs History of the Rebellion sub. an. 1641-2, Vol. I. Part. II. page 431. ^8¡ Edit. Oxford 1707.) it is stated that Ò An Ordinance for settling the Militia was agreed on by both Houses, and sent to the King for his Approbation.ÓÑThe Form of

the Ordinance follows : It is entitled, Ò An Ordinance of both Houses of Parliament for the ordering of the Militia,Ó 8cc__

After a short Preamble the formal Words are, Ò It is ordained by the King the Lords and Commons now in Parliament assembled, That,Ó 8tc.ÑIn the first answer which the King sent, he said " that to avoid all future doubts and questions, he desired it might be digested into an Aft of Parliament rather than an Ordinance ; so that all his Subjefts might thereby particularly know, both what they were to do and what they were to suffer for their neglect.Ó pa. 437,8.Ñ Afterwards the King in answer to a Petition presented ay the Commons says, Ò For the Militia - - - - we never denied the thing - - - we only denied the way. You ask. it by way of Ordinance - - - we tell you we would have the thing done - - - but desire a Bill, the only good old way of imposing on our Subjefts. We are extremely unsatisfied what an Ordinance 11, but well satisfied that without our Consent it is nothing nor binding.Ó pa. 70.ÑA Bill was afterwards prepared by .he KingÕs Order, and submitted to both Houses,

who made several Alterations in it__In the KingÕs Message, refusing the Royal Assent to the Bill so altered, his Majesty told

them Ò he was pleased they had declined the unwarrantable course of their Ordinance, to the which he was confident his good Subjefts would never have yielded their Consent, and chosen that only right way of imposing upon the People.Ó pa. 503. In the KingÕs Declaration in answer to that made by the two Houses, whereby they assumed the Power of the Militia, Ò He said it was true chat he had, out of tenderness of the Constitution of the Kingdom, and care of the Law, which l e was bound to defend, and being most assured of the unjustifiabler.ess of the pretended Ordinance, invited and desired borh Houses of Parliament to settle whatsoever should be fit of that Nature by Aft of Parliament.Ó pa. 524.

1 See Appendix E. subjoined to this Introduction. . See post page xxxv. as to Inrollments in Chancery.


such of the Original Statute Rolls, Inrolltnents of Acts, and Parliament Rolls, as are still preserved, are deposited in the Tower of London,Õ or at the Chapel of the Rolls,1 * * Places appropriated to the Custody of the Records of the King's Chancery, which has ever been deemed the proper Repository of the Statutes of the Kingdom.

II. The Nature and Qualities of the several Records and Manuscripts from whence all the Statutes, as well those of an earlier as of a later Period, have been taken for Insertion or Collation in this Work, and the Place where each original Record and Manuscript is kept, will more fully appear from the following Detail.

i. Statute Rolls.ÑThese are Records of Chancery, of the highest Authority, on which were entered the several Statutes when drawn up in Form; for the Purpose of being proclaimed and published ; these Statutes being framed upon such Original Petitions and Answers, or Entries thereof on the Parliament Rolls, as related to Public Concerns.Õ The earliest Statute Roll now known to exist, is that which commences with The Statute of Gloucester 6 Edw. I. A.D. 1278. From that Period to 8 Edw.IV. inclusive, A.D. 1468,.with an Interruption, after 8 Hen.VI. until 23 Hen. VI. inclusive, the Statutes are preserved in the Tower of London in a regular Series, on Six separate Rolls, each Roll consisting of several Membranes tacked together. The Contents of each Roll are as follows, viz.

Of the Great Roll; Statutes from 6 Edw. I. to 50 Edw. III. But this Roll does not contain all the Statutes which have been printed as of that Period.4 *

Second Roll; Statutes Temp. Ric. II. There is also a separate Roll, of one Membrane, containing a Duplicate of the Statutes 21 Ric. II.

Third Roll; Statutes Temp. Hen. IV. and V.

Fourth Roll; Statutes 1 Hen. VI. to 8 Hen. VI.

Fifth Roll; Statutes 25 Hen. VI. to 39 Hen. VI.

Sixth Roll; Statutes 1 Edw. IV. to 8 Edw. IV. This is the last Statute Roll now known to exist, none of a later Date having been found.

These have ever had the Reputation annexed to them of being Statute Rolls. Some of them are cited by that Name upon the Close and Patent Rollsand referred to by great Law Writers, Lord Coke, Lord Hale,6 and

1 With reaped! to the depositing the Records of Chancery in the Tower, see Rot. Pat. 9 Eliz. Part 6, on which is recorded a Precept from the Queen dated 1 May, which passed under the Great Seal, to Francis Spilman Esq. Clerk of the Parliaments requiring him to remove all Rolls of Parliament, Petitions, Judgements, Attainders, and other Records of Parliament in his Custody from 22 Edw. IV. to l Mary, into the Tower, to be delivered to William Bowyer the Keeper of the Records there : On Part 9 of the Patent Roll of the same Year is recorded a Precept under the Sign Manual, dated 18 June, to Sir William Cordell, Master of the Rolls, for the like Removal of the Parliament Rolls, Patent Rolls, Charter Rolls, Close Rolls, Fine Rolls, and all other Rolls and Records of Chancery for the same Period. In LelandÕs Colledtanea (Edit. 1770.) Vol. 2. p. 656, is the Copy of a Warrant of Q. Elizabeth, without Date, requiring a like Removal of the Records of the Chancery ; Which Warrant is introduced by the following Recital: Ò Forasmuch, as it is not meet that the Records of our Chancery being accompted as a prin.cipal! Membre of the Threasure belonging to ourself, to our Corone and Realme, should remain in private Places and Houses, for doute of such Danger or Spoile as heretofore hath happened to the like Recordes in the Time of King Richard the Second, and King Henry the Sixth our PTOgenitours ; but rather to remain in our Towre of London, under the Custody of the Keeper of our Recordes there for the Time being, as not only by due Custome of our Progenitors from Time to Time used may appeare, for that (as wee are informed) all the Records of our said Chancery from the Time of our Progenitour William the Conqueror until the last Year of the Reign of King Edward the Fourth our Progenitour, have been from Time to Time thereunto brought, and now there at this Time doe remain ; But also (as wee are informed) the same is by Recorde manifeste and apparante.Ó The Parliament Rolls, however, as also the Close, Patent, Fine, and Charter Rolls, from the Time of Ric. III. still remain in the Chapel of the Rolls; but many Bundles of Bills, Answers, Depositions, and other Proceedings in Chancery have, at the Instance of the Six Clerks, been from time to time removed from their Record Room to the Tower; and Examinations taken by the Examiners of the said Court have, at their Instance, been also removed to the Tower.

* For Letters Patents, of Edw. Ill, annexing the Domus Conversorum, now the Chapel of the Rolls, to the Office of the

Master of the Rolls, and the Confirmation thereof, by Ric. II, see Rot.Pat. 51 Edw.III. m.20: 6 Ric. II. Part 3, m. 12.

1 See page xxxv note 5.

* Lord Hale, H. C. L. ch. r. says this Roll Òbegins with Magna Carta and ends with Edw. III.Ó This is erroneous; for though part of the Roll antecedent to 6 Edw. I. may have been lost since the time of Lord Hale, there is no reason to con.clude that it ever began with Magna Carta : Magna Carta and Carta deForesta are not entered on this Roll prior to 25 Edw. I. and they are accordingly printed as Statutes of that Year in this Collcdtion. There are not wanting Authorities which seem to consider the Great Charter, as possessing the Validity of a Statute from the 1st or the 9th of Henry III.; before the Con.firmation of it by the Statute of Marlborough, 52 Henry III. It is so considered by Coke in 2 Inst, dy, 1 Inst. 43 a, 81 a ; in the Prince's Case, 8 Rep. 19; and elsewhere: by Hale H.C.L. ch. 1 ; and by Blackstone in his Introduction to the Charters, 4to. pa. xl. 8vo. pa. Ixi.: It is also expressly called a Statute by Littleton, sedl. 108 ; but this may be referable to its subsequent Confirmation by Parliament. HaleÕs Idea may probably have arisen from supposing it to be on the Statute Roll before

6 Edw. I. And Coke and Blackstone founded their Opinions chiefly upon two judicial decisions cited from FitzherbertÕs Abridge.ment; (Part 2, fo. 120 b. tit. Mordaunc. pi. 23, and Part 1, fo. 188 a. tit. Briefe pi. 881 ;) the one as of 5 Hen. III. the other as of 21 Hen. Ill; to which may be added another of 23 Hen. III. Fitz. Abr. Part 1, fo. 90 a. tit. Assbe. pi. 436. These, if of those Years respectively, certainly prove that the Great Charter was then considered as the Law of the Land, but not, absolutely, that it was previously of Parliamentary EnaClment. In the Instances of 5 Hen. III. and 23 Hen. Ill, the Phrase Ò lestatut de Magna CartaÓ is merely used incidentally by Fitzherbert in stating the Points adjudged ; and there is some ground to think also that the former decision was possibly of a much later Period ; See the Year Books 38 Hen. VI. 18. and 39 Hen. VI. 19 : In the Instance of 21 Hen. III. the Great Charter is referred to, not as a Parliamentary AC1, but as a Grant, Ô concessumÕ being the Word used to denote its Authority : which Construction, the Preamble of the Artlculi super Carlas, Stat. 28 Edw. I, and the Beginning of Chapter 1. of that Statute, confirm; though in the Confirmatio Cartarum, Stat. 25 Edw.I. c. 1. which passed during the Absence of the King from the Realm, it is recited of the two Charters Ò les queles furent faites p comun assent de tut le Roiaume.ÓÑIn an Admiralty Record, quoted by Prynne (Animad. 120,) as of 23 Hen. VI, the Laws of Oleron are recognised by the Term Ò Statutum.Ó

Vacaf quia no fuerut cosignatc; set ali? in rotulo de Statutis.Ó Rot. Claus. 27 Edw. I. m. 17 d ; D' q'bjdani artictis Magne Carte & Carte de Foresta. See Stat. 27 Edw.I. pa. 126. of this Volume.

Ò Le quel Estatut est enroulle en le roulle destatutz.Ó Rot. Pat. 15 Edw. II. P. 1. m. 17, SeeStat. 15 Edw. II. pa. 187. of the Statutes in this Volume, and Note b. there.

1 Lord Hale speaks of Statutes extant of Record either Ò in the proper and natural Roll, viz. the Statute Roll; or entered in some other Roll, especially the Close Rolls or Patent Rolls, or in both.ÓÑHale H. C. L. ch. 1.

e

the Editors of Statutes, Pulton, Hawkins, Cay, &c. There is Evidence also that Statute Rolls have existed of a subsequent Time ; for the Statutes after 8 Edward IV, until 4 Henry VII. inclusive, are inserted in the early Printed Editions in a Form manifestly copied from complete Statute Rolls; and they are found in the like Form in Lib. XI. in the Exchequer at Westminster, MS. Cott. Nero C. I, in the British Museum, and in several other Manuscript Colleftions. But there is reason to conclude, that the making up of the Statute Roll entirely ceased with the Session 4 Hen. VII, as no such Roll of a later Date, nor any Evidence thereof has been discovered ; and it is observable that in the next Session, 7 Hen. VII, Public A£ls were, for the first time, printed from the several Bills passed in Parliament, and not as part of one general Statute drawn up in the antient Form.

2. Inroilments of Afts of Parliament.ÑThese are Records, containing the Afts of Parliament certified and delivered into Chancery. They are preserved in the Chapel of the Rolls, in an uninterrupted Series from

1 Ric. III. to the present Time; except only during the Usurpation. By the Officers of Chancery they are commonly termed Ò Parliament Rolls and they are variously endorsed, some with the Phrase Ò inroilments of Acts.Ó' From 1 Ric. III. to 3 Car. I. inclusive, they comprehend several other Proceedings of Parliament besides the A&s inrolled ; (sometimes for Instance, the Commissions for giving the Royal Assent to Bills are found entered on them ; *) thus partaking of the Qualities of Rolls of Parliament, and including nearly the same Contents : until, the miscellaneous Matters disappearing by Degrees, the Acts inrolled only occur : After 5 Hen. VII. they may be considered in Effect, as coming in the Place of the Statute Roll.1 To 25 Hen. VIII. they contain all AQs, Public and Private, which were passed in every Session, each with an introductory and concluding Form of their being presented and assented to : From 25 Hen. VIII, to 35 Eliz. several of the Private A its, and afterwards to 3 Car. I. all the Private Adis, are omitted, their Titles only being noticed. From 16 Car. I. to 31 George II. the Inroilments contain nothing but the Public Adts, and the Titles of the Private Adts, with the several Forms of Assent, without any other Parliamentary Matter. And from 32 George II. their Contents are the same, with the Omission of the Titles of the Private Adts.

At present, after all the Public-General Adts of the Session have received the Royal Assent, a Transcript of the Whole is certified by the Clerk of the Parliaments, and deposited in the Rolls Chapel: On that Occasion the Clerk of the Parliaments sends the Roll, or Rolls, containing such Transcript, apparently . in a complete State, engrossed on Parchment, signed, and certified by him as Clerk of the Parliaments ; and it is thereupon arranged with the other Records ; and thus becomes the Inrollment of the Statutes of that Session of Parliament. For this Transcript the Clerk of the Parliaments is paid every Session out of the Hanaper, on a Receipt by the Clerk of the Records in the Rolls Chapel, stating that the Roll is delivered there.

It may be further observed upon this SubjedI, that the Proceedings which took Place in the House of Lords in Ireland in 1758,4 for the better Preservation of the Records of Parliament in that Kingdom, where the Constitution and Law of Parliament were in all essential Points conformable to those of England, afford a strong Illustration of the Pradtice of certifying Statutes and recording them in Chancery.1

' See Appendix E. subjoined to this Introduction ; as also the First Report of the Select Committee of the House of Commons on the Public Records, Ordered to be printed 4 July 1800, and the Appendix thereto D. i. a. page 84. And further as to Rolls of Parliament, see post pa. xxxvii.

1 No Notice is taken, at the present Day, on the Inrollment of Acts in Chancery, of any Commission by which Acts are passed : It is believed that no Instance of the Entry of any such Commission on that Inrollment has occurred since the Time of Charles I. See in Appendix F. subjoined to this Introduction, a further Account of these Inroilments, and a Copy of the earliest Commission for giving the Royal Assent. 5 See ante page xxxiii. and Appendix E. subjoined to this Introduction.

4 See an Account of these Proceedings in Appendix E.

1 The following Minute respecting the Mode of framing Statutes is extracted from the Treatise intituled, ¥ Expeditions Billarum AntiquitasÕ quoted in Page xxxii, Note 5.

The Statute was made by the King and a Council of Judges and others, who were called to assist herein.ÑÒ the usual Time for making a Statute was after the end of every Parliament; and after the Parliament Roll was engrossed, except on some extraordinary Occasions.ÓÑÒ The Statute was drawn out of the Petition and Answer, and penned in the form of a Law, into several Chapters, or Articles, as they were originally termed.ÓÑÒ The Statute being thus drawn up into divers Heads or Articles, now called Chapters, it was shewn to the King; and upon his MajestyÕs Approbation thereof, it was engrossed (some.times with a Preamble to it, and a Clause of ¥ Observari VolumusÕ at the Conclusion, and sometimes without any Preamble at all,) and then by Writs sent into every County to be proclaimed.Ó See Rot. Pari. 14 Edw. III. nu. 7 : 15 Edw. III. nu. 42 : 17 Edw. III. nu. 19, 23 : 18 Edw. III. nu. 12, 23, 24 : 22 Edw. III. nu. 4, 30: 25 Edw. III. m. 5. nu. 12, 13; m. 4. nu. 43 : 27 Edw. III. nu. 42 : 28 Edw. III. nu. 16 : 37 Edw. III. nu. 39 : I Ric II. nu. 56 : 2 Ric II. nu. 28 : 3 Ric. II. nu. 46, yo : 6 Ric. II. nu. 34, 52 : 7 Ric. II. nu. 40: 2 Hen. IV. nu. 21 : 7 & 8 Hen. IV. nu. 31, 37, 48, 60, 65 : 13 Hen. IV. nu. 17 :

2 Hen. V. P. 1. nu. 22 : 8Hen. V nu. xvi: 9 Hen. IV. nu. 17 : 2 Hen. VI. nu. 46: 10 Hen. VI. nu. 17 : 13 Hen. VI. nu.33 ; Hale H.C. L. ch. 1. and 3 KebleÕs Rep. 587.

Ò Many Inconveniencies happened to the Subject by the antient Form, in framing and publishing of the Statutes, viz. Sometimes no Statute hath been made, though agreed on ; many Things have been omitted ; many Things have been adetrd in the Statute; a Statute hath been made, to which the Commons did not assent, and even to which neither Lords por Commons assented." See 1 HaleP.C. 394; 3 Inst. 40,41 j 12 Rep. 57; Rot. Pari. 18 Edw.III. nu.32Ñ39:3 Ric.II. nu.38:6 Ric. II. nu. 53.

Ò Les ditz coes prierent a nre fr le Roy, q les liosoignes faites 8c affaires en cest plement soient enactez St engrossez devÕnt le deptir des Justices tantcome ils les aient en leur memoire; a quoi leur feust responduz q le Clerk du plemcnt ferroit son devoir pur enacter 8c engrosser la substance du plement p advis des Justices, 8c puis le monstrer au Roy 8c as #'¥ en piemen* pur savoir leur advis.ÓÑRot. Pari. 2 Hen. IV. nu. 21.

As to the inrolling of the Statute in Chancery, See Rot. Claus. 12 Edw. II. m. 22 d. where the Proceeding is thus explicitly stated. Ò Le Roi voet & g*unt - - - q tutes les choses desusescrites soient enroullez en roulle de parlement, 8c de illoesqs envoie en sa Chauncellerie, 8c illuesqs enroullez, 8c de illusqes per bref de son g*nt seal envoiez a les places del Escheker 8c de lun Baunk 8c del autre, od comandement de enrouller les illoeqs 8c a tenir les Sc a garder en la fourme avantdite.Ó

And in conformity with this proceeding, Statutes made in England and required to be proclaimed and observed in Ireland, were sent to the Chancellor there, to be inrolled in the Chancery of that Kingdom, and thence exemplified and sent to the Courts of Justice, 8cc.ÑSee Stat. 12 Edw. II. and the Writs at the End thereof, page 179, of the Statutes in this Volume ; and

k


3. Exemplifications; and Transcripts by Writ.ÑExemplifications are Copies sent out of Chancery under the KingÕs Seal; either to Sheriffs of Counties and Cities in England, or to the Chancellor or Chief Justice of Ireland, or to other Courts or Places, for the safe Custody and for the proclaiming or confirming of the Statute; or in other Cases for affording Authentic Evidence of the Statute. In the Tower of London, Copies of the Statutes 9, to, 11, 14, 15, 18 and 20 Hen.VI. (for some Years to the Number of two, three, six, or seven Copies) are preserved on separate Skins of Parchment, which appear to have been prepared as Exemplifications, for the Purpose of proclaiming the several Statutes; and these serve to supply the Deficiency of the Statute Roll during that Period. One similar Copy of the Statutes 13 Ric. II. is also preserved in the Tower.1

It is not irrelevant to remark, that an Exemplification differs from an Original Grant under the Great Seal, or an Original Adi of Parliament, in this; that an Exemplification is a Copy, and can be made only from the Record.1 At the present Day every Exemplification, being first made out in Form by the proper Officer, is examined with the Record by two Masters in Chancery, who not only subscribe a Certificate on the Exempli.fication, of their having examined it with the Record, but also sign a Certificate to that effedt, addressed to the Lord Chancellor, on a Paper called the Docket, which is left with him before the Exemplification is allowed to pass the Great Seal.

Transcripts by Writ were Copies sent into Chancery in Answer to the KingÕs Writ or Mandate, calling for a Copy of the Statute from the Officer in whose Custody it was preserved. A Transcript of the Statutes of Wales 12 Edw. 1. is preserved in the Tower of London, with the Writ annexed, by which that Transcript was required from the Exchequer at Westminster ;3 where it was entered of Record, according to the Usage which formerly prevailed of sometimes inrolling Statutes in Courts of Justice.4 Transcripts and Exemplifications of Statutes have also been occasionally found in various other Repositories.5

for other Instances illustrative of thus inrolling Statutes in Chancery in England and Ireland, See Appendix E. subjoined to this Introduction.

The Distinction between such Bills as were common and such as were particular, or in the more modem Phrase Public Adis and Private Adl3, with respedl to the Pradlice of inrolling them, was thus certified by Kirltby of the Rolls,33 Hen.VI. Ò Sir, le cours del parlemt est tiel - - - - si ascun bill, soit pticuler, ou au? bill cj soit primeTmt delivf a les Comus, et

sil passe eux, ils usent endosser 1c bill en tiel forme ; ccst assavoir, 1 soit baitt as seigniors et si le Roy et les seigniors agreent a in le bill, et ne voilloit alt? ne changer le bill, adonq, ilz ne usent endosser le bill, mes est baitt al Cleric del Parlement pour ee enrolle 5 et si ce soit un come bill, il serra enrolle et enadle ; mes si soit un pticuler bill, il ne serra enrolle, mes sera file sur le filac et est assez bie ; mes si la pty veut suir pur let? pour estre le mieux seur, il purroit estre enroulle.ÓÑYear Book

33 Hen VI. 17 : Fitzh. Abr. tit. Parliament pi. 1 : Bro. Abr. tit. Parliament & Statutes pi. 4. See also Rot. Claus. 6 Hen.VI. nu. 11, foT the Proceedings towards the Inrollment of a Particular Bill ot Private Adi.

In the 14th Year of James I. Lord Hobart speaking of a Private Adi then under Consideration said, Ò That very Bill is filed with the rest of the Bills, and the KingÕs Assent unto it, and labelled with the rest, whereunto the Great Seal is set, as the Course is in Private Adis, which are not inrolled without special Suit, as General Adis are ; for General Adis are always inrolled by the Clerk of the Parliament, and delivered over into Chancery, which Inrollment in the Chancery makes them the Original Record (as it was resolved in John StubbsÕs Case) : But in Private Adis the very Body of the first Bill filed and sealed as aforesaid, and remaining with the Clerk of the Parliament, is the Original Record." Hob. 109. The following Account, given also in the Reign of James I. by Bowyer and Elsyng, in the written Objections which they made to PultonÕs having Access to and printing the Original Records of Acts in the Tower (See Chap. I. Sect. II. pa. xxviii. of this Introduction,) appears to be more accurate with respedl to private Adis than that of Lord Hobart; and agrees with that given by Kirkby in 33 Hen.VI. ÇÇ At the End of every Session of Parliament, all the Public Acts are ingrossed into one great Roll by Bowyer, as Clerk of the Parliament; and the same Roll, being by him subscribed, he delivereth into the Chapel of the Rolls ; which is thereupon there received, and placed among the Records of the Chancery, being the highest Record of the Kingdom, without any other Warrant than his Hand : Which Acts or Statutes so by him transcribed, do bind his MajestyÕs Subjects of all Degrees for ever. If any Private Act be at any Time to be certified into the Chancery, a Writ of Certiorari is directed to Bowyer, who thereupon doth certify the same under his Hand ; which accordingly is received, without any Allowance or Warrant of any other Person, and is thereby made a Record, and bindeth the Party whom it concemeth, and all others.Ó MS. Cott. Titus B.V. pa. 69. See further Hale H. C. L. ch. 1., 3 Keb. Rep. 587 j DewesÕs Journals of Parliament, 1 Eliz. pa- 35 i and the Instances in Appendix E, and F. subjoined to this Introduction.

All the Statutes passed in each Session are now classed in Three distinct Series : The first Series contains the Public-General Acts, such as in their Nature are Public and General, which are certified into Chancery, and printed by the KingÕs PrinteT for general Circulation : The Second Series contains Acts respecting particular Places and Persons: Of these the Road Acts, Canal Acts, and all others by which Felonies are created, Penalties inflicted, or Tolls imposed, have a Clause annexed to each Ò That the Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.Ó Other Local or Personal Acts which are not required to have this Public Clause annexed have each a Clause inserted, at the Suit of the Parties, Ò that the Act shall be printed hy the KingÕs Printer, and that a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.Ó All the Acts of this Second Series are printed together in one Collection. The Third Series contains Such Local and Personal Acts as are without either of the above Clauses, and are therefore not printed. See Reports of the Committee of the House of Commons on the Promulgation of the Statutes, in 1796 and 1801; and Resolutions of the House of Commons 7 May 1801 } and 18, 22, and 24 March 1803.

. See also Rot. Pat. 2 Edw. III. P. 2. m. 15 ; the Articuli Cleri, 9 Edw.II, exemplified at the Request of the Clergy of Sarum. Rot. Pat. 2 Ric. II. P. 2. m. 20 ; Assisa Panis, 8cc. exemplified at the Request of the Bakers of Coventry. Rot. Claus. 3 Ric II. m. 13 d } the Recital and Confirmation in Parliament of the Statute of Wynton, 13 Ed. I. And further the Notes and Writs subjoined to the following Statutes, viz Stat. Wynt. 13 Edw. I: Stat de Mercatoribus, 13 Edw. I: Stats. 22 Edw. 1: 27 Edw. I:

34 Edw. I: 35 Edw. I: 3 Edw. II: 9 Edw. II: 12 Edw. II. As to Exemplifications for particular Purposes at the present Day, see that relating to the Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, in Appendix E. to this Introduction.

¥ See 3 Inst. 173 ; and Stats. 3 & 4 Ed. VI. c. 4: 13 Eliz. c. 6.

3 See Note and Writ at the End of Stat. Wallie 12 Edw. I.; See also Rot. Claus. 9 Edw. II. m. 11, the Correction of Chapter 12 of the Statute of Gloucester, 6 Edw. I. sent to the Justices of the Bench ¥, and again Rot. Claus. 17 Edw. III. P.i. m. 7.

Ç 4 Inst. 43 : Rot. Claus. 12 E. II. m. 22 d.

1 See Appendix C. subjoined to this Introduction.

4. Original Afts.ÑThese, from the 12th Year of Henry VII. to the present Time, with some Interruption, particularly in 14 & 15 Hen. VIII. and ai Hen. VIII. are preserved in the Parliament Office. Some Petitions and Bills previous to 12 Hen. VII. are in the Tower of London, but in no regular Series. The Original Adis in the Parliament Office consist of the Bills as ingrossed after being brought into Parliament, and in the State in which, after such Ingrossment, they passed both Houses, and received the Royal Assent. Each Aft is on a separate Roll numbered ; and Reference is made to them from a Calendar kept of the Afts of each Session in the Parliament Office. These are the Materials from which the Clerk of the Parliaments makes up the Inrollments of Public Afts sent by him into Chancery, and preserved there ; or certifies Afts into Chancery, when required so to do.Ô

As to the comparative Authority of the Original Afts and the Inrollments in Chancery, it is to be observed, that all the Original Afts are separate from each other; and that they are frequently interlined, defaced, erased, and in many Instances, with great Difficulty intelligible :* The Inrollment in Chancery is always fair and distinft ; and the Afts are entered in a regular Series, on one Roll or subsequent Rolls, as Part of the Proceedings of a Par- Lament, the Time of the holding of which is stated at the Beginning of the Roll. In modern Praftice, if any Doubt arises as to the Correftness of the Inrollment in Chancery,Õ Application is made to the Clerk of the Parliaments ; and the original Aft is thereupon produced, and compared with the Inrollment, and an Amend.ment, if requisite, is made in the Inrollment accordingly.

5. Rolls of Parliament.ÑThese contain Entries of the several Transactions in Parliament; when complete they include the Adjournments, and all other common and daily Occurrences and Proceedings from the opening to the close of each Parliament, with the several Petitions or Bills, and the Answers given thereto, not only on public Matters, on which the Statute was afterwards framed, but also on private Concerns. In some few Instances the Statute as drawn up in Form is entered on the Parliament Roll: but in general the Petition and Answer only, are found entered ; and in such Case the Entry, of itself, furnishes no certain Evidence, that the Petition and Answer were at any Time put into the Form of a Statute.4

Copies of Petitions in Parliament and Answers thereto, as early as 6 Edw. I. and in various Years of Edw. II. and Edw. III. are among Lord HaleÕs Manuscripts in the Library of LincolnÕs Inn. Rolls containing Pleas, Petitions and Answers, and other Proceedings in Parliament, from 18 to 35 Edw. I. and one of Petitions in Parliament 7 Hen. V, are in the Chapter House at Westminster. A Book of Inrollment, called Vetus Codex, in which are entered Proceedings in Parliament, from 18 Edw. I. to 35 Edw. I. and in 14 Edw. II, is in the Tower of London.5 In that Repository also are preserved Rolls containing Pleas and other Proceedings in Parliament, between 5 Edw. II. and 13 Edw. Ill; Rolls of Parliament of 9 Edw. II; 4, 5, and 6 Edw. Ill ;6 and 13 Edw. Ill; and from thence, to the End of the Reign of Edward IV, in a regular, and nearly uninterrupted, Series. After that Time the Rolls of Parliament are, for a certain Period, supplied by the Inrollments of Afts preserved in the Chapel of the Rolls,7 and finally by the Journals of the Two Houses of Parliament."

1 It was one of the Functions of the Clerk of the Parliaments to receive, in the Upper House, the Petitions of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses: See Rot. Pari. 20 Edw. III. nu. 11. And with respect to the Appointment of the Clerk of the Parliaments, See Rot. Pari. 14 Ed. III. nu. 3 : 15 Ed. III. nu. 1 : 17 Ed. III. nu. 1: 18 Ed. III. nu.4: 2 Hen. IV. nu. at : 4 Hen. IV. nu. to: 5 Hen. IV. nu. 40.

* See particularly the Act of Uniformity 14 Car. II. printed as cap. 4. of that Session : and being nu. 3. of the Bundle of Acts of that Year in the Parliament Office ; and nu. 4. on Part I. of the Rolls containing the Inrollment of those Acts in Chancery. And see Appendix F. for other Instances.

s See Rot. Pari. 6 H. IV. nu. 56. for Amendment of Errors in a Subsidy Act, as entered Ò en les rolles de la Chaun- cellarie s' lengrossure del dit plement,Ó contrary to the actual Grant by the Commons.

Ç See Hale H. C L. ch. 1, and 3 Keb. Rep. $88. That the Royal Assent given to a Petition did not of itself constitute a Statute; see Rot. Pari. 14 E. III. nu. 7 : 15 E. III. nu.42: 17 E. III. nu. 48 : 18 E. III. nu.33.3Q: 25 E. III. nu. 12, 13 : 37 E. III. nu. 39 : 1 Ric. II. nu. 15 : 2 Hen. IV. nu. 114: 7,8 Hen. IV. nu. 60, 66: 13 Hen. IV. nu. 49 : 23 Hen. VI. nu. 18, 19 : See also ante pa. xxxi note 4; page xxxii note 5 ; and page xxxv note 5.

5 The Contents of this Volume were printed in 1661, by W. Ryley, a Clerk in the Record Office in the Tower, with an Appendix of additional Matter, under the Title of Placita Parliamentaria. The Original Manuscript Volume is referred to in Rot. Pat. 6 Ric. II. P.2, m. 26, as an Authentic Book of Inrollment, as follows: Ò DÕ Exemplific Tykford. Ik Omibj ad quos, fee. salfm. Inspexim9 tenorem cujusdam. pcepti dni E. quondam Regis Angt fit Regis Henr pgenitoris nri, in quodam libro de pliamentis ejusdem dni E. anno regni sui vicesimo irrotulati in hec verba." Then follows verbatim the Article Ô De Abbati de Mermonster,Õ entered in fo. 36 of the Vetus Codex, and printed in page 102 of RyleyÕs Placita Parliamentaria.

6 At the Head of these two Rolls are the following Titles or Introduftions, viz. At the Head of the Roll 9 Edw. II ;

Ò Memoranda de pliamento dni Edwardi Regis Angt filii Edwardi quondam Regis Angt, sumonito 8c tento apud Lincoln in quindena Sci Hillar, Anno regni dci Reg nonoj facta p Wittm de Ayremynne cticum de Cancellar pfati Reg, p eundem Regem ad hoc noiatum 8c specialiS deputatum."

At the Head of the Roll of 4, j, and 6 Edw. III.ÑÒ Records 8c Memorand de hiis qui fiebant in pliamento sum apud Westm die Lune px post festum see Catherine anno Regni Regis Edwardi Pcii a conquestu quarto, libata in Cancellar p Henr de Edenestowe cticum pliamenti.Ó

7 See ante page xxxv : And see also Appendix E. for some Instances illustrative of the Contents of the Parliament Rolls, including the earliest Instances of the opening of Parliament by Authority of the KingÕs Commission. As a Specimen of Ôhe Contents of the several Rolls and Manuscripts, from 6 Edw. I. to 19 Hen.VII. the Six Volumes of Ò Rotuli Parliamentorum, ut et Petitiones et Placita in ParliamentoÓ printed by an Order of the House of Lords of 9th March 1767, may be consulted : But this Collection does not contain all the Rolls, Petitions, and Parliamentary Proceedings during that Period; and it is by no Means to be relied upon for correftness.

1 The Journals of the House of Lords commence in 1 Hen. VIII : But of the Years 4, 5, 14 8c 15, at, 22, 23, 24, 26, and 27 Hen. VIII, and of the first two Sessions in I Mary, the Journals have not been preserved. In the printed Editions therefore, the Journals for those Years are supplied by Copies of, and Extrafts from, what are there termed the Parliament Rolls, being the Inrollments in Chancery mentioned above, and particularly described ante page xxxv. The Journals of the House of Commons commence in 1 Edw VI.; But until the Beginning of the Reign of Elizabeth they contain merely short Notes of the several Read.ings of the respeftive Bills before the House, with a few occasional Entries only of other Proceedings. See further Appendix F.


6. The Close, Patent, Fine, and Charter Rolls, among a Variety of Grants, Recognisances, and other Miscel.laneous Matters, concerning the State of the Realm and the Rights of the Crown, recorded in them, include Entries of Statutes, and some Instruments having direCt Reference, to Statutes wherein such Statutes are recited at length. These Rolls are kept at the Tower, from the Beginning of the Reign of King John to 22 Edw. IV, and from the Reign of Edw. V. to the present Time at the Chapel of the Rolls.

7. Books of Record, containing Entries of Statutes and Parliamentary Proceedings.ÑOf this Sort is, The Red Book of the Exchequer at Westminster, some of the early Part of which was compiled by Alexander de Swereford, first a Clerk and afterwards a Baron of the Exchequer,' in the Reign of Henry III. It seems afterwards to have been considered and used as an authorized Repository by the Court itself; and contains Entries and Inrollments of many Charters and antient Adis of Parliament, as well as other Instruments relating to the King and the Rights of the Crown, from the Time of William the Conqueror to the End of Edw. III.: The Originals of several of these Adis and Instruments are preserved in the Tower of London, and in the Chapter House at Westminster, with References to Inrollments in this Book,* or to the Circumstance of the Adi being sent into the Exchequer.1 The Red Book of the Exchequer at Dublin is considered as of the same Authority: It contains Entries of Magna Carta 1 Hen. III. especially granted to the People of Ireland; of the Statute of Westminster the First, 3 Edw. I, (which is not to be found on the Great Roll of Statutes in the Tower of London, being prior in Date to the present Commencement of that Roll,) and also of the Statutes of Gloucester, 6 Edw. I, de Viris Religiosis 7 Edw. I, and Westminster the Second, 13 Edw. I, agreeing in general with the Text of those Statutes on the Statute Roll in the Tower. There is reason to conclude that these Statutes were entered in the Red Book at Dublin, from an Exemplification sent over from England in the 13th Year of Edw. I, as is noticed in a Memoran.dum on the Close Roll of that Year.* A Register Book marked A., preserved at the Chapter House at Westminster, as in the Custody of the Treasurer and Chamberlains of the Exchequer,5 contains Entries or Inroll.ments made in the Time of Edward I. Among these are the Statute of Gloucester, 6 Edw. I, and the Statute of Westminster the Second, 13 Edw. I. The Originals of the several Statutes and Instruments, it is stated in the Register, were deposited in certain Chests in the Chapter House; but these Originals have not been discovered.

8. Books and Manuscripts not of Record, containing Entries or Copies of Statutes, are very numerous. In the Court of Exchequer at Westminster are Three Books, marked IX. X. XI. Book X. contains many of the earlier Statutes previous to Edw. Ill: Books IX. XI. contain the Statutes from 1 Edw. III. to 7 Hen. VIII.

In the Town ClerkÕs Office, at the Guildhall of the City of London, are several Manuscript Volumes ; in which, among other Matters chiefly relating to the Laws and Customs of the City of London, are Entries of many of the antient Statutes previous to Edward III. The greatest Number, and the earliest Copies are in two Volumes, distin.guished by the Appellations, Liber Horn, and Liber C.ustumarum. It appears from internal Evidence that Liber Horn was compiled about the Year 1311, and Liber Custumarum not long after theYear 1320: Liber Horn is rendered valuable by having been in many Instances corrected, in a later Hand Writing, from Exemplifications of Statutes sent under Seal to the Sheriffs of London. In two other Manuscripts, one called Liber de Antiquis Legibus, and the other Transcriptum Libri AIbi, copied from a Volume originally compiled in the Mayoralty of Richard Whityngton A. D. 1419, 7 Hen. V, are occasional Entries of a few antient Statutes. In other Volumes marked G. H. and I. are Entries of some of the Statutes of Edw. III. Richard II. Henry IV. and Henry V ; many of them appearing to have been made from Exemplifications sent to the Sheriffs of London for Proclamation.

Of Manuscript Collections of Statutes, preserved in Public Repositories, the greatest Number collected together in any one Place, is to be found in the British Museum. They are distinguished as being of the Cottonian or Harleian Collection; from the Royal Library; Donation Manuscripts ; and Lansdowne Manuscripts. The Cottonian Manuscripts Claudius D. II. and Vespasian B. VII. were resorted to by Hawkins and Cay, for Copies of Statutes previous to Edw. III.; and Nero C. I. for Statutes of Henry VI. and Edw. IV. not found at the Tower.

In the Bodleian Library at Oxford, are RawlinsonÕs, HattonÕs, and LaudÕs Manuscripts. Among the latter is a Roll of Statutes, No. 1036, consisting of Eleven small Membranes of Parchment united together; not much more than Four Inches wide; but each being Two Feet or more in length. This Roll appears to have been written in the Time of Edw. I: It contains no Statute later than the Articuli super Cartas, 28 Edw. I.

At Cambridge several Manuscript Collections of Statutes are preserved in the Library of the University, and in Trinity College Library. In Corpus Christi or BeneÕt College Library are the Manuscripts bequeathed to the College by Archbishop Parker.

1 MadoxÕs History and Antiquities of the Exchequer, I. 179, 624; and see also the Dissertatio Epistolaris prefixed to the Dialogus de Scaccario, II- 334, 3, 6, See.

1 See the Statute of Sheriffs, 9 Edw. II. Rot. Stat. m. 32, printed in page 174, 175 of the Statutes in this Volume ; at the end of which is the following Memorandum : Ò Et fait a remembrer q meisme lestatut fu seal souz le g*nt seal Se maunde as Tresorer & Barons del Eschekier - - de fermement gaider en tuz ses pointz.Ó In the Red Book fo. 276 i. the Writ is entered with the Tenor of the Statute, Ô 3ub pede sigilli,Õ as transmitted to the Exchequer according to the Memorandum on the Tower Roll.

1 See the Red Book, fo. 318, 319, where two Grants from William de la Pole to Edw. III. are entered : the Originals of these Grants are in the Chapter House, and are there indorsed as inrolled in this Book, with Reference to the above Pages therein.

/ De Statutis 1 \ liberatis.

MeraoJ qct die Veflis in festo Exaltacois See Crucis anno See. xiij¡ apud Wynton libata f urn RogÕo J Bretun Ctico veSab pris W. Wapford Epi tuc justic Hibh quedam Statuta p Regem & consiliu suu edita & pvisa, videit Statuta Westm statim post coronacoem ft edita, & Statuta Glouc, Se Statuta p iScatoribj fca ac Statuta Westmon in. pleamento Reg Pascft anno f)dco pvisa Sc fca, in Hibh deferenda & ibide pclamanda & obSvandaÑRot. Claus. 13 Ed. I. m. 5. d.

See also Sir Richard BoltonÕs Edition of the Statutes of Ireland, Edit. 1621, Note to Stat. 10 Henry VII. c. 22 : where he mentions that he had seen certain antient Statutes, particularly the Statutes Westm. /, Gloucester, and Westm. 3, exemplified under the Great Seal, and remaining in the Treasury of the City of Waterford. On a diligent Search made for that Purpose at Waterford in 1806, by Two Sub-Commissioners on the Records, no such Exemplification could be found there. > See Rymer's Foedera ii. 17a, 210, 336, 380, &c.


INTRODUCTION. Ch. III. Sett. II, III,

XXXIX

Chartularies or Registers, preserved in several Cathedrals, contain Copies of some of the Old Statutes. Such are the Black Book of the Cathedral of Christ Church Dublin, written between the Years 1280 and 1399, and Register A. in Gloucester Cathedral, compiled in 1397.

In LincolnÕs Inn Library, are Lord HaleÕs Manuscript Copies of Rolls and Petitions in Parliament: In the Inner Temple Library, Mr. PetytÕs Collection of Manuscripts; among which are several Volumes of the Statutes. In many other Public Libraries also, Manuscript Colle&ions of Statutes are preserved.1

Of the several Manuscripts not of Record, an extensive and careful Examination has been made in preparing for the present Edition; and it has been ascertained that, although they differ from each other considerably in their Degrees of Antiquity and Correctness, yet the Credit of no single one is entirely to be relied on ; for scarcely any Manuscript has yet been discovered, in any Repository, in which there are not some material Errors, perverting or altogether destroying the Sense of the Text. In some Instances, however, such as Cott. Claud. D II. in the British Museum, and M m. v. ig, in the Library of the University of Cambridge, several of the Instruments con.tained in the Manuscripts purport to be examined by the Roll. In Liber Horn, in the Town ClerkÕs Office, London, several are marked as examined Ô per CeramÔ per Ceram Gildaule Ô per Statutum Gildaule London in Cera;Õ Ô cum brevi cum eisdetn in Gildaula adjundlÕ; all which signify that the Entry in the Book has been examined with an Exemplification of the Statute or Instrument under the Great Seal, sent to the Mayor and Sheriffs of London with or without a Writ for Publication thereof. The Rawlinson Manuscript No. 337. in the Bodleian Library at Oxford, and the Harleian Manuscript No. 5022 in the British Museum, refer to the Inrollment on the Statute Roll, of several Articles inserted in those Volumes, but do not profess that the Articles themselves were examined by that Roll.

III. On a mature Consideration of all the Circumstances before stated, the following Rules of Preference have been adhered to, in the Use of the several Sources for the Text, and for Various Readings of the Statutes, in the present Colle&ion.

During the Periods in which Statute Rolls exist, such Statute Rolls have been considered and used as the highest Authority for the Statutes contained in them; namely, the Statutes 6 Edw. I. to 8 Edw. IV.; with the Omission of the Statutes 9 to 23 Hen. VI. both inclusive.

But for such Statutes as, during the Period of the Existence of the Statute Rolls, do not appear on those Rolls; and for Statutes made in any Period of which the Statute Roll is not now in existence, namely previous to 6 Edw. I.; after 8 and before 25 Hen. VI; and after 8 Edw.1V ; and also for the Correction of manifest Errors or Omissions in the Text, whether taken from Statute Rolls or elsewhere, the following Sources have been recurred to in regular Gradation ; preference being given to them according to the following Order, but all being used and collated, where necessary: viz. 1. InroIIments of Ads.Ñ2. Exemplifications and Transcripts.Ñ3. Original Adis.Ñ

4. Rolls of Parliament.Ñ5. Close, Patent, Fine, and Charter Rolls.Ñ6. Entries and Books of Record.Ñ 7. Books and Manuscripts not of Record.ÑAnd finally, 8. The Printed Copies; the earliest of which was not published until more than two hundred Years subsequent to the present Commencement of the Statute Rolls.

The following Reasons for Preference among Manuscripts not of Record have been adopted : 1. Their

professing to be Authentic Copies from any Records, Exemplifications, or Transcripts : 2. Their Age; the oldest being on the whole the most worthy of Credit: 3. The Uniformity and Regularity of the Series of Statutes, and Instruments in each Collection : 4. Their having been already printed, and received in use, as Evidence of the Text of Statutes ; or, if not so printed, their according with the printed Copies, and with each other, so that when the Manuscripts differ, the Majority should prevail: 5. Certain Manuscripts have been holden to be of superior Authority upon some particular Subjects, having special Connexion with the Places in which they are preserved : Such as the Books preserved in the Exchequer, for Statutes relating to that Court, or to Accounts, or to Money ; Books at the Town ClerkÕs Office, London, relating to the Assises of Bread and Ale, Weights, and Measures, Ac :

6. In all Manuscripts some Articles are found much more corre& than others; a Judgment has therefore frequently been formed from internal Evidence in Favour of a particular Statute or Reading, although the Manuscript in which such Statute or Reading were found, might not, in other Instances, be entitled to Preference :

7. Where it has happened that several Manuscripts agreed in the Text or Reading of any Instrument, and were so equal in their Claims for Preference, that it was entirely Matter of Indifference which should be chosen for a Source of Extract or Quotation, that Manuscript has been used which has been quoted or extracted from for other Purposes, in Preference to one not before quoted ; and one which has already been printed from, in Preference to one which has not.

Sect. III.

Of the Mode used in searching for, transcribing, collating, noting, and printing the Text of the Statutes.

Immediately after the Commissioners had given their Directions for proceeding upon the Work, according to the Plans submitted to and approved of by them, Searches were made in the Tower of London and other principal Repositories in the Metropolis, which, by the Returns made to the Committee of the House of Commons upon Public Records, appeared to contain Authentic Records or antient Copies of Statutes; and in 1806, as hath been before-mentioned, every other Place of the same Description in England and Ireland was visited by Two Sub-Commissioners. Upon these Occasions, the Statute, Parliament, Close, Patent, Fine, and Charter Rolls, and other Records and Manuscripts preserved in the several Repositories, were examined : Reports of the Contents of these Records or Manuscripts were from Time to Time laid before the Commissioners:

1 See Appendix C. in which the several Records and Manuscripts in the respective Repositories are particularized.


Numerous and repeated Transcripts and Collations were made, not only of the Statutes heretofore printed, but also of very many Instruments considered as fit to be introduced at Length, or as affording Materials for Notes and various Readings: And the printed Editions from the earliest Period to the present Time were colleded together, examined, and compared with each other. From the whole of these Materials Lists were prepared of the Matters to be admitted, referring to the several Records, Manuscripts, and Books, in which they were respectively preserved or published. All the Transcripts and Collations made of these Matters were compared with each other, and with the printed Copies. The Transcript which, on full Examination, appeared to be made from the most authentic Source was used as the Copy of the Text to be printed : All the other Transcripts and Collations of the same Instrument, as also the printed Editions, were then compared and collated with this Copy; and the requisite Various Readings noted accordingly.

The Various Readings are suggested, in the following Manner; First, By substituting one Reading for another: In this Case the Word or Sentence in the Text, of which an Alteration is suggested, is included between two Crotchets, with a Figure of Reference to the Note; and in the Note is inserted the Word or Sentence proposed to be substituted, with a Quotation of the Record or Manuscript or printed Copies in which it is found. Secondly, By inserting some Word or Sentence omitted: In this Case a Reference is included within a Parenthesis, and the Word or Sentence to be inserted is supplied in the Note. Thirdly, By noting the Omission, in other Copies, of a Word or Sentence inserted in the Text: In this Case the Word or Sentence in the Text is included between Crotchets with a Reference, and in the Note the Copies which omit such Word or Sentence are particularized.

The Entries on the Statute Rolls and Records of Chancery are very seldom broken into separate Paragraphs; though other Manuscripts are more frequently so divided. In all Cases where there is any Division of Paragraphs in the Record or Manuscript, the like Division has been made in the Transcript. The Transcript has been also occasionally divided into separate Chapters or Paragraphs, in Conformity with the printed Editions of the Statutes, and for the Convenience of Reference, in Places where such Division did not occur in the Record or Manuscript: But this has been done only when a full Stop or other Mark in the Manuscript appeared to justify the complete Separation of the Sentences. The Points or Stops are conformable to those in the Record ; and in printing the Text of the antient Statutes, the same Mode has been adopted as with resped to the Charters, of exhibiting the Contradions as near as may be to the likeness of the Original Charaders. Where the Chapters or Clauses are numbered in the Record or Manuscript, such Number has been inserted in the Transcript. And the Numbers of the Chapters and Clauses in CayÕs Edition, or the other Printed Editions from which the Translation is taken, are inserted at the Head of the Side Note or Abridgement affixed to the Translation.

In this State the Copy was sent to the Printer. The Proof Sheets supplied by him were in the First Instance compared with the Manuscript Transcripts. These Proofs being correded, they were next compared with the Original Record, or Manuscript Authority from which such Transcripts were made. In Cases of Various Readings, the whole Article as printed, was also read and compared with the Record or Manuscripts from whence the Various Readings were suggested; and further Suggestions as to Notes of Various Readings and Amendments were adopted, as they continued to occur. The Sheets thus correded, were again compared with the Record or Manuscript Authority, and the necessary Corredions marked thereon ; which being made by the Printer, the Sheets were revised, and occasionally submitted to the Commissioners, under whose Diredions many Amendments were made ; and the Sheets were then finally printed off for the Work, as they now appear.

CHAP. IV.

Sect. I. Of the Original Language of the Charters and Statutes. Sect. II. Of the Translation in this ColleElion of the Statutes.

Sect. I.

Of the Original Language of the Charters and Statutes.

The Language of the Charters and Statutes, from the Period of the earliest Charter now given, i Henry I. to the Beginning of the Reign of Henry VII. is Latin or French. From that Time it has been uniformly English. The Petitions or Bills on which the Statutes were founded, began to be generally in English early in the Reign of Hen. VI.

All the Charters of Liberties, and of the Forest, from i Hen. I. to 29 Edw. I. (with the Exception after men.tioned,) are in Latin; but Translations of some of them into French, are found in various Colledions. In DÕAcheryÕs Spicilegium' there is a French Translation, as it is called by Blackstone, of the Charter of King John; for it is doubtful whether that Charter tvas ever promulgated in French in this Kingdom. Some early Manuscripts1 contain French Translations of the Two Charters of 9 Hen. Ill, and of the Charters of Inspeximus and Confirmation in 25 and 28 Edward I, though these latter appear on the Statute and Charter Rolls in Latin. The Charter dated 5 Nov. 25 Edw. 1,3 is in French; as is also the Duplicate of that Charter dated to Od. and entered on the Statute Roll 25 Edw. 1/

1 XII. J93. of the first Edition ; III. 579 of the Paris Edition 1723. 1 MS. Harl. No. 5326 and others.

È See page 37 of the Charters preceding the Statutes in this Volume. 4 See page 123 of the Statutes in this Volume.


The Statutes of Henry III. are almost entirely in Latin. Some Legislative Matters, not m thfc Printed Colle&ions, are entered on the Patent Rolls in French. Ô

The Statutes of Edward I. are indiscriminately in Latin or French ; though the foi mer Language is most prevalent. But the Statute of Gloucester 6 Edward I. which on the Statute Roll is in French, appears in many contemporary Manuscripts in Latin. In several M ami scrip's, particularly Register A. in the Chapter House at Westminster, this Statute is given at length both hi Latin and French. On the other hand the Statute of Westminster the Second, 13 Edw. I. which is in Latin cm the Roll, appears in many Manuscripts in French ; and Chapter 34 of this latter Statute, as to Violence against Women, which on the Roll appears in French, is given, like the rest of the Statute, in Latin, in several Manuscripts*. The French Chapter, 49, as to Champerty by Justices, is omitted in the Tower Roll, and in many other Copies, which give the Statutes in Latin, but is found in the Ccples which give the Statute in French.3

The Statutes of Edward II. are, like those of Edward I, indiscriminately in Latin or French; but the latter Language prevails more than in the Statutes of Edward I.

The Statutes of Edward III. are more generally in French than those of any preceding King: yet some.fcw are in Latin. The Statutes of Richard II. are almost universally in French; those of the Sixth and Eighth Years are in Latin. The Statutes of Henry IV, with the Exception of Chapter 15 of the Statute 3 Hen. IV; which is in Latin, are entirely in French; as are those of Henry V, with the Exception of the short Statutes 5 and 7 Henry V. which appear in Latin.

The earliest Instance recorded of the Use of the English Language in any Parliamentary Proceeding, is in 36 Edw. III. The Stile of the Roll of that Year is in French as usual, but it is expressly stated that the Causes of summoning the Parliament were declared Ò en Englois4 and the like Circumstance is noted in 37 and 38 Edw. IILS In die Fifth Year of Richard II,6 the Chancellor is stated to have made Ô un bone collaciofi en Engleys Õ {introductory, as was then sometimes the Usage, to the Commencement of Business) though he made use of the common French form for opening the Parliament. A Petition from the Ò Folk of the Mercerye of LondonÓ, in the loth Year of the same Reign7, is in English; and it appears also, that in the 17th Year* the Earl of Arundel asked Pardon of the Duke of Lancaster by the Award of the King and Lords, in their Presence in Parliament, in a form of English Words. The Cession and Renunciation of the Crown by kichard II. is stated to have been read before the Estates of the Realm and the People in Westminster Hall, first in Latin and afterwards in English, but it is entered on the Parliament Roll only in Latin.9 And the Challenge of the Crown by Henry IV. with his Thanks after the Allowance of his Title, in the same Assembly, are recorded in English ; which is termed his maternal Tongue So also is the Speech of Sir William Thirnyng, the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, tb the late King Richard, announcing to him the Sentence of his Deposition, and the yielding up, on the Part of the People, of their Fealty and Allegiance. In the Sixth Year of the Reign of Henry IV." an English Answer is given to a Petition of the Commons, touching a proposed Resumption of certain Grants of the Crown, to the Intent the King might the better live of his own. The English Language afterwards appears occa.sionally, through the Reigns of Hen. IV. and V."

In the First and Second, and subsequent Years of Hen. VI. the Petitions or Bills, and in many Cases the Answers also, oil which the Statutes were afterwards framed, are found frequently in English ; but the Statutes are entered on the Roll in French or Latin. From the 23d Year of Hen. VI. these Petitions or Bills are almost universally in English, as is also sometimes the Form of the Royal Assent: But the Statute continued to be inrolled in French or Latin'3. Sometimes Latin and French are used in the same Statute, as in 8 Hen. VI.; 27 Hen. VI.; and 39 Hen. VI. The last Statute wholly in Latin on Record is 33 Hen. VI. ; the last portion of any Statute in Latin is 39 Hen. VI; Chapter 2.

The Statutes of Edward IV. are entirely in French. The Statutes of Richard III. are in many Manuscripts in French, in a complete Statute Form ; and they were so printed in his Reign and that of his Successor. In the earlier English Editions a Translation was inserted, in the same Form : But in several Editions, since 1618, they have been printed in English, in a different Form, agreeing, so far as relates to the A£Is printed, with the Inrollment in Chancery at the Chapel of the Rolls. The Petitions and Bills in Parliament, during these two Reigns, are all in English.

The Statutes of Hen. VII. have always, it is believed, been published in English; but there are Manuscripts containing the Statutes of the first Two Parliaments, in his First and Third Year, in French From the Fourth Year to the End of his Reign, and from thence to the present Time, they are universally in English.

1 See Rot. Pat. 43 Hen. III. m. 10 ; 48 Hen. III. m. 2, d ; 53 Hen. III. m. 25, d.

1 Lib. Custum. London ; MSS. Harl. No. 79, 3824 ; MS. Reg. 20 A. VIII. in Mus. Brit.

5 See Note at the End of Stat. Westin. 2, pa. 95 of the Statutes in this Volume.

4 Rot. Pari. 36 Edw. III. m. 1. In this Year was made the Statute [36 E. III. c. tj.] that all Pleadings in the Courts shall be in English. 5 Rot. Pari. 27 Edw. III. nu. 1 : 38 Edw. III. nu. 1.

6 Rot. Pari. 5 Ric. II. nu. 1, 2. 7 Petitiones in Pari, to Rtc. II. in Purr. Loud. * Rot. Pari. 17 Ric. II. nu. . 1.

9 Rot. Pari. 1 Hen. IV. nu. 14. lo Rot. Pari. 1 Hen. IV. nu. 33, $6. " Rot. Pari. 6 Hen. IV. nu. 20.

" See patricularly Rot. Pari. 2Hen.V. nu. 22.

'* Sec Stat. 18 Hen. VI. c. 18, 19, as to Soldiers, and compare those Chapters with the Petitions in the Parliament Roll of that Year, nu. 62, 63, and with the Writ of Proclamation upon the Close Roll, 18 H. VI. m. 3, d. The Statute is in French, but the Petition is in English, and is accordingly so recited in the Proclamation Writ

'4 Petyt Manuscript nu. 8. in the Inner Temple Library ; and MS. Hatton to. No. 4135, in the Bodleian Library. The First of these ends with the Statutes of 3 Hen. VII. in French, apparently as from some Statute Roll j or Copy thereof. In the latter, which ends with 11 Hen. VII. the Statutes of the Third Year are in French ; but those of the Fourth and all the following Years are in English. The old Printed Editions of the Statutes 1 and 3 Hen. VII. in English, appear to be taken entirely from a Statute Roll; while in the modern Editions, some parts of the Statutes are manifestly taken from the Original Acts, or from a Parliament Roll or Inrollment in Chancery.


Attempts have been made by many learned Persons to explain this Variety of Languages in the earlier Periods of our Legislation ; and some have referred the Preference of the one Language or of the other to the Operation of particular Causes.' Nothing, however, is known with Certainty on this Subject; and at the present Day it is utterly impossible to account, in each Instance, for the Appearance of the Statute in French or in Latin. It seems oh the whole to be highly probable that for a long Period of Time, Charters, Statutes, and other Public Instruments were drawn up indiscriminately in French or Latin, and generally translated from one of those Lan.guages into the other *, before the Promulgation of them, which in many Instances appears to have been made at the same Time In both Languages. *

It is Matter of Curiosity to observe, that the Use of the French Language in Statutes was preserved rather longer in Ireland than in England. The Statute Roll of the Irish Parliament 8 Henry VII. preserved at the Rolls Office in Dublin, is in French; on the Statute Roll of the two next Parliaments of Ireland, 16 and 23 Hen. VIL the Introduftory Paragraphs stating the holding of the Parliament, &c. are in Latin; after which follows an AS or Chapter in French, confirming the Liberties of the Church and the Land : and all the other A&s of the Session are in English.

Sect. II.

Of the ÔTranslation in this Collection of the Statutes.

The Printed Translation of the Statutes previous to Hen. VII. used for the present Work, is that of Cay's Edition 1751 : But as many Statutes and Parts of Statutes are omitted from the English of that Edition, the Deficiencies have been supplied from the Edition by Hawkins 1735, the Folio Edition 1618, usually called RastallÕs; PultonÕs Edition of the same Year; RastallÕs Colleftion in English 1603 ; and, in some few Instances from earlier English Colledlions, and other Authorities.4 Of Statutes and Instruments or Parts thereof, not heretofore translated, and of such only, a Translation has been now made, which is always distinguished by being printed in a smaller Type. In making this new Translation, the following Rules have been generally adhered to: To render the Original as literally as possible, consistently with the Purpose of conveying the Sense in English : and to translate the same Word the same Way, if the Sense be the same. Former Translators of the Statutes having very much conformed to the Genius of the English Language in their Versions, and not servilely fallen into Latin or French Expressions or Forms pf Speech, an Endeavour has been made to adopt Language of a Cast corresponding with those Versions.

In the Bodleian Library, Rawlinson Manuscript, No. 230, is a very antient Translation of some of the Statutes of the Time of Hen. III. and Edw. I. There is reason to think, that this Translation is of a Time certainly not later than Edward III, and probably of an earlier Period : It does not contain any Statute later than Ô 25 Edward I. In the British Museum, Harleian Manuscript No. 4999, is a Translation of the Statutes 1 Edw. III. to 18 Hen. VI, made apparently in the Time of Henry VI, or Edward IV.

For the Purpose of correfting Errors in the Translation, the several Editions, as well of the Text as of the Translation, have been compared with each other; and much Use has also been made of the two Manuscript Translations just noticed, which are cited thus, the Rawlinson Manuscript as MS. Tr. i. and the Harleian Manuscript as MS. Tr. 2 : After the Commencement of the Reign of Henry VI., the Petitions or Bills entered in English on the Parliament Roll, from whence the Statute was drawn up in French or Latin, have been consulted.

Correftions of Errors in the Translation which arise from Misinterpretation or Omission, are suggested either from other Translations, or, where no other Translation supplies a probable Correction, by new Expressions. Errors or Inconsistencies which arise from the Insertion of Words or Sentences, not authorized by the Text as given in the present Work, are noticed, either by a Reference to Records or Manuscript Authorities, or to antient Printed Copies of the Latin or French Text as authorizing such Insertion, or by a proposed Omission of the Words so inserted, in consequence of their not being justified by any. Authority. Trifling Variances between the Text and the Translation, manifestly not affefting the Sense, have not been considered worthy of Notice ; particularly where all former Translations agree in the same Reading. But as it was difficult, not to say impossible, to lay down any certain Standard on this latter Head, a Consistency entirely perfect may not have been uniformly observed, and is not to be expected.

1 See 2 Inst. 485, as to the Two Chapters of Stat. Westm. 2. which are in French, although the Body of tire Statute is in Latin. Barrington in his Comments on the Statutum de Scaccario, remarks that when the Interests of the Clergy are particularly concerned, the Statute is in Latin : But on Examination, the correOness of this Remark may be doubted : See also N. BaconÕs Treatise on Government, Part I. Cap. 56. (pa. 101. 4t¡Edit. 1760.)

1 See LudersÕs Essay on the Use of the French Language, in our ancient Laws and A£ls of State; Tract. VI. 1810; where it is suggested that many of the Latin Statutes were first made in French, and from thence translated into Latin.

s See the Entries of Stat. Glouc. 6 Edw. I. in Register A. preserved in the Chapter House Westminster, before mentioned in page xli.

* The Translation of the Customs of Kent, Statutes of uncertain date, page 223 of the Statutes in this Volume, is taken from LambardÕs Perambulation of Kent.


The Notes and Marks suggesting the Corredions in the Translation, are to be thus understood : First, Words which are included between Crotchets, without any Note of Reference, are such as are contained in all Translations, and are authorized by Printed Copies of the Latin or French Text; though not authorized by the Text, or by any Various Reading, here given, from Manuscript Records or Authorities. Secondly, Words in the Translation included between Crotchets, with a Figure, refer to a Corredion thereof, suggested in the Note; such Corredion, if authorized by any Printed or Manuscript Translation, is printed in the Note in Roman Letter; but if not so authorized, then such Corredion is printed in Italic Letter ; if the Corredion be justified by the Rolls of Parliament or old Manuscript Translations, they are quoted. Thirdly, A Reference within a Parenthesis between Two Words, suggests an Omission, which is supplied in the Notes, in Roman or Italic Charader, according as it is or is not authorized, as before specified. Fourthly, Where any Words in the Translation are inclosed between Crotchets, with Reference to the Note Ò Not in Original,Ó it is to be understood, that neither the Text, as now given from the Record or Manuscript, nor any printed Copy, appears to authorize the Insertion of the Words. The Term Ò Old Translations Ó is applied to all published previous to the Year 1618 ; in which Year the Editions distin.guished as Rastall's and PultonÕs Statutes were both published: The Edition called RastallÕs, however, having followed the Current of several former Editions of the Statutes, is included in the Term Ò OldÕÕ Translations ; and PultonÕs Translation being in many Parts new, and having been generally adopted by Cay and subsequent Editors, is therefore included in the Term Ò Modern.Ó

Short Abstracts or Side Notes have been prepared, as well to the Matters heretofore translated, as to those of which a Translation is now for the first Time given in this Publication; of those relating to Matters heretofore translated, some have been taken from CayÕs, or former English Editions of the Statutes; and like Abstrads are added to the Ads subsequent to the Reign of Hen. VII.

CHAP. V.

Sect. I. Of tlx Colie Elions of the Statutes of Scotland and Ireland heretofore published by Royal or Parliamentary Authority.ÑSect. II. Of the Methods successively adopted for promulgating the Statutes, before and since the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

Sect. I.

Of the Collections of the Statutes of Scotland and Ireland, heretofore published by Royal

or Parliamentary Authority.

Although no General Colledion of the Statutes of England, or of Great Britain, has been hitherto published by Authority of the Crown or of the Parliament, it appears that Measures were carefully taken in former Times for colleding and authenticating the Legislative Ads, both of the Scottish and Irish Parliaments.

In Scotland, by Royal Commission from Queen Mary, dated i May 1566, direded to The Chancellor, Principal Officers of State, and other Persons therein named, it was ordained that all the Laws of that Realm should be inspeded, and correded, so that no other but those, should be printed by Royal Privilege, or have Place, Faith, or Authority in Courts of Justice : and by the same Commission it was provided that the Proceedings under it should be ratified in the next Parliament. From the Difficulties of the Undertaking, the Compilation of the Laws prior to James I, was postponed ; and the only part of the Work executed was a Colledion of Ads from the Return of James I, in 1424, to the last Parliament of Queen Mary in 1564. This Colledion was first published in the Year 1566. It comprehended a Publication of certain Statutes of James V. printed in 1541, and of Queen Mary printed in 1565, to each of which the Lord Clerk Register, at the Time, had subjoined his Certificate vouching for the truth of the Copies extraded from the Books of Parliament. These Certificates were retained in this Edition of 1566, and to the other Parts of it similar Certificates were subjoined.'

Other Publications were afterwards made by Authority ; such were those of James VI. 1568 and 1579, and several others prior in Date to 1597 ; but they related only to particular Parliaments or particular sorts of Ads ; and with these concludes that series of Printed Scottish Ads, which from their Typographical Charader have in late Times been usually denominated The Black Acts.

In 1591 A Parliamentary Commission was issued Ò For vistting and caussing of the Lawes and Adis of Parliament to be prented,Ó * which appears to have led in the first instance to the Republication of the Scottish Statutes from the A£ra of James I. to 1597, in the Volumes which usually bear the name of Skene's Edition, Sir John Skene being at that Time Lord Clerk Register. But under the same Commission, Sir John Skene appears also to have proceeded to the more arduous talk of colleding the antient Laws of Scotland prior to James I.: and in 1607 he had advanced so far in this Undertaking as to exhibit to the Legislature a Copy of the Manuscripts which he had prepared for Publication, and for his encouragement therein a Special Ad was passed.1 The Work, usually known by the Title of Regiam Majestatem, was at length published, in the Original Latin, in 1609; and was fallowed soon after by a Version in the Scottish Language.

' For the Title of this If'orlt, the Privilege, Royal Commission, Preface, and Certificates of Authenticity, See Appendix G: I. I. * See a Copy of this Commission in Appendix G : I. 2. Õ See the Act in Appendix G: I. 3.

Ill


xliv

INTRODUCTION. CkV.Se&I.

Other Commissions for Ò Surveying the LawesÓ were issued at subsequent Periods. The Commission of 1628 after several Renewals was ratified by Parliament in 1633 ; and in 1681 another was issued which was again renewed in 1695. But the purpose intended was never accomplished.

Upon all these Editions from the earliest downwards, it is to be observed thaf they contain only a SeleClion from the Records of Parliament, of such Acts as were supposed by the Editors to be of greater and more permanent Utility; omitting such as were either temporary, or merely of a private and personal Nature

The Statutes of Ireland from 10 Hen. VI. to 14 Eliz. were collefted onder the Authority of Sir Henry Sidney, Lord Deputy of that Kingdom in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth ; * and being examined by the Justices of both the Benches, with The Chief Baron of the Exchequer and Master of the Rolls, and delivered by them to the Lord Deputy with their Hands subscribed thereto, they were afterwards, by the Advice of Lord Burleigh, then Lord High Treasurer of England, printed in the Year 1572.1 * *

At a subsequent Period, namely in 1621, another Collection of the Statutes of Ireland from 3 Edw. II. to 13 Jac. I. was abstracted from the Parliament Rolls of that Kingdom by Sir Richard Bolton, Recorder of Dublin; afterwards Chief Baron of the Exchequer, and in 1639 Lord Chancellor of Ireland ; and by Direction of Sir Oliver St. John, then Lord Deputy, that Collection was perused by the Chief Judges and the Master of the Rolls, and by them allowed and thought fit to be printed, together with so many of the Statutes formerly printed, as were not by express Words repealed. And it is deserving of Observation that they thought those Statutes formerly printed and not expressly repealed, should be prated again, for Two Reasons, as therein is stated; Ò the one, lest peradventure any should unadvisedly tax the Editor of Partiality, that Matters of great Moment were omitted, and Matters of less Consequence published; and the other was, that although those Statutes might be out of Use or determined at that Day, yet the same might well serve for an Historical Use, whereby might be discerned both the State of the Church and Commonwealth in those Times.Ó 4

In 1678 the Edition of 1621 was reprinted by the KingÕs Printer, with the addition of the subsequent Ads, to the end of the Session 17 and 18 Car. II; and this Volume was reprinted in 1723 without any Additions.

In 1762 an Address was presented by the House of Lords in Ireland to the Lord Lieutenant, requesting that the Statutes at Large of that Kingdom should be printed and published, under the Inspection of the Lord Chancellor and the Judges.5 6 They were accordingly published in the year 1765, in Seven Volumes Folio, comprehending the Statutes from 3 Edw. II. to 1 George III.: with an Eighth Volume containing Tables of the Titles of the Statutes in the feveral Volumes, and of the Private ACts from 1 Henry VIII. to i George III. and an Alphabetical Index to the Statutes.

In these Volumes, which in the Title Page are stated to be Ò Published by Authority,Õ* the Statutes to 17 & 18 Car. II. were reprinted from the Editions of 1621, 1678, and 1723; the Edition of 1572 not being noticed or referred to. For the period subsequent to 17 and 18 Car. II. recourse was had to the Sessional Publications printed by the KingÕs Printers. The whole Work was compiled from these Sources without Variation ; except that in some instances Errors of the Press were occasionally corrected by the Record ; and that some Public ACts, of which the Titles only were specified in the former Printed Editions, were inserted at large from the Records. Ô Some ACts inserted in the Edition of 1572 are omitted from this Collection.

Additional Volumes, containing the ACts of subsequent Parliaments, were from time to time published, in consequence of occasional Addresses of the House of Lords for that Purpose: and in 1786 a Re-publication of all the former Volumes took place, with additional Volumes to 26 Geo. III. These were continued by subsequent Volumes, to the end of 40 Geo. III. A.D. 1800, when the Union took place between Great Britain and Ireland.Õ

In 1799 a Volume was published containing the Titles of the Statutes and of the Private ACls, and Indexes, to the end of the Session 38 Geo. III. 1798.

1 From the Period of SkeneÕs Publication in 1597 down to the Union, the ACls of each Parliament and Session were regularly

printed and published under the Authority of the Clerk Register j and under that Authority, but without any special SanCtion by Parliament, Sir Thomas Murray published his Edition of the Statutes in 1681, annexing to it his Official Certificate of Authority ; but his Text appears to be taken only from the Edition by Skene and the subsequent Sessional Publications.

* See Sir James WareÕs Account of the Writers of Ireland, as translated and enlarged by Harris, Book II. Chapter 3. See also ZouchÕs Life of Sir Philip Sidney ; chapter t.

1 For the Title and Extract from the Preface to this Edition, See Appendix G: II. 1.

* See Appendix G : II. 2. 1 See the ExtraEl from the Lords Journals in Appendix G : II. 3.

6 See Preface to this Edition in Appendix G: II. 4.

? See Journals of the House of Lords in Ireland 20February 1768 ; vol. hr. pa.450: 15 February 1780; v. ijfi: 14 May 1784; v. 531: 1 February 1786 ; v. 668 : 25Mayi789i vi. 313 : 26 March 1792; vii. 67 : 23 March 1794; rii. 253 : ij April 1796; vii. 465 : 17 Sept. 1798 ; vfii.r8r': 22 July 18005 viii. 535.ÑSee also as to priming, in Ireland, the English and British Statutes in force there, the same Journals Io April 1786 ; v. 748.

Sect. II.

Of the Methods successively adopted for promulgating the Statutes, before and since the Union of

Great Britain and Ireland.

The Promulgation of the Statutes, which formerly took place within the Realm of England, as well as in Scotland and Ireland, has been wholly superseded by the Praftice of modem Times. Before the Introduction of Printing, the Publication of the Statutes of England was made by Means of Exemplifications thereof, sent to the Sheriffs, under the Great Seal, out of Chancery, with Writs annexed, requiring the Procla.mation and Publication of the same by them,' and sometimes also directing Copies to be made and distributed, and the Sheriffs to return what was done by them thereupon. The earliest Statutes were published in this Manner; as appears not only by Copies of the Writs subjoined to the Records and Manuscripts of the respective Statutes, of the Thirteenth Century, but also by Original Writs still preserved in the Tower of London.*

In England printed Promulgations of the Statutes, in the Form of Sessional Publications,1 began in the First Year of Ric. III. A-D. 1484, very recently after the Introduction of Printing; and in consequence thereof such Exemplifications and Writs as are above mentioned were soon altogether discontinued yet the Statutes themselves, continued nevertheless to be inrolled in Chancery 5 and some of the earliest Sessional Publications appear by their Form to have been printed from a Statute Roll. All the Original Bills and Afts now extant in the Parliament Office, are some Years subsequent in Date to the Commencement of the Printed Sessional Publications of the Statutes; and it is evident, from some of those Printed Sessional Publications in the Time of Hen. VII. whereof the contemporary Bills and Adis are still preserved, that such Bills and Afts, though concurrent in Time were not then uniformly used as the Original Text for such Publications. The Sessional Publications are at present, and have tor a long Series of Years been printed entirely from Original Afts in the Parliament Office.Õ

In Scotland it was the exclusive Privilege and official Duty of the Lord Clerk Register to enter the Afts of Parliament in the proper Record, and to give authentic Copies of them to the Sheriffs, Magistrates of Boroughs, and such as might demand them. A Precept is extant for proclaiming and publishing the Statutes of Robert I. in the Year 1318 ; and there exists also a Parliamentary Ordinance made in the Reign of David II. 1366, by which the Afts of that Parliament are direfted to be sent under Royal Seal to each Sheriff to be by him publickly proclaimed.6 The earliest printed Publication of Statutes in Scotland took place in the year 1540-1.

In Ireland the Promulgation of such Statutes as were passed in England and transmitted to Ireland, was regularly made by means of a Transcript sent under Seal from England, with a Writ direfted to the Chancellor of Ireland, requiring the same to be kept in the Chancery of that Kingdom, to be enrolled in the Rolls of the said Chancery, then to be exemplified under the Great Seal of Ireland, and sent unto and proclaimed in the several Courts and Counties throughout the Kingdom.7 Sometimes the Writ was to the Justices, in Ireland, simply requiring Proclamation.8

With respeft to the Statutes made in Ireland, Provisions are contained in several Afts for the special Procla.mation of such Afts, so that the Penalties inflifted by them should not be incurred until after such Proclamation.9 It appears also that it was usual to proclaim the Statutes in general by the KingÕs Writ, made out by the Clerk of the Parliament.'0 Sessional Publications of the Afts did not take place in Ireland before the Reign of Charles I; and such Publications were not continued regularly and uniformly until after the Revolution."

1 See 4 Inst. 26, 28 : the Case of Heresy, 12 Rep 58 : 2 Inst. 526 : 3 Inst. 41 : Hale on Pari. 36 : Arg. 1. Ch. Rep. ji, 53. Copies of Parliamentary Proceedings, or Afts of State, though not Statutes, were occasionally proclaimed and published. See the Roll of the Ordinances of the Staple 27 E. Ill: and the Note in pa. 332 of this Volume.ÑSometimes the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses were simply charged upon their Return into the Country to shew and publish to the People the Matters agreed on in Parliament. Rot. Pari. 37 E. III. nu. 38ÑSometimes Copies were delivered to them of such Matters Ô pur ent notifieren soun pays.Õ Rot. Pari. 9 Hen. IV. nu. 27.

5 See Stat. Merton, 20 Hen. III. A.D. 1235,6, and the Notes thereto page 1Ñ4 of the Statutes in this Volume: Stat.Marlbr. 52 Hen.III. A.D. 1267, and the Note in pag 25 : Stat. Westm. 1. jEdw.I. A.D. 1275, and the Notes in page 39 : Statutum de Finibus levatis 27 Edw. I. A.D. 1299, pa. 126Ñ13O: and numerous subsequent Instances. See also Appendix C; and Appendix H. I. subjoined to this Introduction.

1 See Catalogue of the Sessional Publications in Appendix B.

4 The last Proclamation Writ entered on the Statute Rolls, is at the end of Stat. 7 Hen. V. A.D. 1419 ; Lord Coke, 2 Inst. 526, says the Writ continued to issue till the Reign of Henry VII. In the Printed Editions of the Statutes, a Proclamation Writ is prefixed to the Statutes of 19 Hen, VII.

5 See CommonsÕ Journals vol. viii, nth January 1661-2, when it was resolved that a Message should be sent to the Lords, requesting Ò that the Original Rolls of Afts of Parliament be kept in the Office, and not delivered to the Printer, but that true Copies be delivered to him from the Roll, fairly written and carefully examined and attested.Ó

6 Fot ACts relating to the Promulgation of the Statutes in Scotland, See Appendix H., II.

7 See the Memoranda and Writs annexed to the English Statutes rÈEdw, II. Rot. Stat. m. 32. page 179 of the Statutes in this Volume.

* See the Memoranda at the End of several Statutes; 1, 2, 4, 5 Ed. III. pages 257, 261, 265 and 269 of the Statntes in this Volume; 25 Ed. III. page 324 j 36 Ed. III. page 378.ÑAs to the more antient Statutes, sent to Ireland, See Rot. Claus. 13 Ed. I. m. 5, d. quoted before Chapter III. Seft. II. page xxxviii note4.

9 See Irish Afts 12 Ed. IV. c. 2 : 14 Hen. VII. c. 1 : 28 Hen. VIII. c. 2. J 4 : (for the Succession of the King and Queen Anne: the Clause for Proclamation of which is copied from the English Act 2 j Hen. VIII. c. 22.): 33 Hen. VIII. c. 1. $ 2. (enafting that the King and his Successors, Kings of England, should be always Kings of Ireland) t 14 and 15 Car. II c. 18. } 12.

10 See Irish Afts 12 Ed. IV. c. 2 : 11 Ehz. Stat. 4. c. 1. € 10.

11 See the Preface to the Edition of the Irish Afts publi/bed by Authority, in Appendix G : II. 4.


In Great Britain the Public Inconvenience experienced from the defective Promulgation of the Statutes, led to the Adoption of new Measures in the Year 1796 ; by which, the Afts printed by the KingÕs Printer, whose Authority has been long deemed sufficient to entitle his Printed Copies to be received in Evidence, in all Courts of Law,' were distributed throughout the Kingdom as speedily as possible after they had received the Royal Assent:' And the Experience of the good Effects of those Measures led soon afterwards to their Execution in a much greater Extent.

After The Union of Great Britain and Ireland, a Seleft Committee of the House of Commons was appointed in the first Session of the United Parliament, to consider of the most effeftual Means of Promulgating the Statutes of the United Kingdom ; upon whose Report Resolutions for that Purpose were adopted by the Commons, and having been agreed to by the Lords, they were presented to His Majesty by a Joint Address of both Houses; and His Majesty was thereupon pleased to give Direftions accordingly.* 1

By the Tenor of these Resolutions, His MajestyÕs Printer was authorized and directed to print not less than Five thousand five hundred Copies of every Public General Aft, and Three hundred Copies of such Local and Personal Afts as were printed * ; the Public General Afts to be transmitted, as soon as possible after each Bill should receive the Royal Assent, to the Members of both Houses of Parliament, the great Officers and Departments of State, Public Libraries, Courts of Justice, Sheriffs, Municipal Magistrates, and Resident afting Justices of the Peace, throughout Great Britain and Ireland ; according to a prescribed Mode of Distribution; with a Direftion that every Chief Magistrate and Head Officer of every City, Borough, or Town Corporate in England and Ireland, and of every Royal Burgh in Scotland, and every Sheriff, Clerk of the Peace, and Town Clerk in the United Kingdom, receiving such Copies, should preserve them for the Public Use, and transmit them to his Successor in Office: And this Mode of authenticating and Promulgating the Statutes is now carried into Execution, throughout every part of the United Kingdom.

' By Stat. 41 Geo. 3. (U.K.) c. 90. € 9. it is expressly provided, that the Copy of the Statutes of England and Great Britain printed by the KingÕs Printer, shall be Evidence in Ireland, and that the Copy of the Statutes in Ireland, primed by the KingÕs Printer, shall be Evidence in Great Britain, of the Statutes respectively passed, previous to the Union between Great Britain and Ireland.

* See CommonsÕ Journals, Vol. Hi. a Nov. 5 Dec. 1796: 10, 17. 20, 27 March; 3, 27 April : 2 June 1797.

i See CommonsÕ Journals, Vol. lvi. 26 February ; 28 April; 6, 7, 8 May ; 3, 5, 8, 9 June 1801.

¥ See the End of Note 5, which begins in page xxxv, of this Introduction.

APPENDIX

TO

INTRODUCTION.

n


CONTENTS of this APPENDIX.

A. Catalogue of Printed Collections, Translations, and Abridgements of The Statutes of England and Great Britain.

B. List of Printed Sessional Publications of the Statutes of England.

C. List of Originals, Records, and Manuscript Copies of the Great Charters and of the Statutes;

Specifying the several Repositories wherein they are preserved.

D. Explanation of The Contractions used in printing the Records and Manuscripts copied

in this Colle&ion.

r I. Instances illustrative of the Nature of the Parliament Rolls; and of the Method of certifying

k ) Statutes into Chancery, in England and Ireland.

v. II. Instances of Exemplifications of Statutes from Chancery.

F. Observations on the Original Instruments in the Parliament Office at Westminster;

as compared with the Journals of the House of Lords, and the Inrollments in Chancery: Temp. Hen. VII. to i Car. I.

( Matters relating to Collections of Statutes, Published by Royal or Parliamentary Authority :

G.

f I. In Scotland. II. In Ireland.

f Õn3tances illustrative of the Method of Promulgating Statutes :

H. 1

L I. In England. II. In Scotland.


APPENDIX.

A.

Of Printed Collections, Translations, and Abridgements of

X\)t statutes?

Of England and Great Britain.

NÈ

Date when printed.

PrinterÕs Name.

TITLE or DESCRIPTION.

Size.

I

I48l

or before.

Lettou and Machlinia.

Vieux Abridgement des Statutes.

The latest Ail abridged is 33 H. VI. c. 13. A.D. 1455*

thin

fol.

a

1482

Machlinia.

Nova Statuta.

fol.

or 1483

Containing the Statutes from 1 Ed. III. to 22 Edw. IV.

3

1484

Machlinia, or Caxton.

Statuta apd Westmonasteriu edita anno primo Regis Ricardi tercii. See Appendix B.

fol.

4

1488 or after.

Machlinia, or Caxton.

Statutes made in the First, Second, and Third Parliaments of Henry VII. See Appendix B.

fol.

5

>49>

or after, and before 150a.

Wynkyn de Worde.

Statutes 1, 3, & 4 H. VII. See Appendix B.

Thefollowing are the Titles or Introductions to each Tear:

Ò ^ The Kynge our Sovereyn lorde Henry the seuenth after the conquest by the grace of God kynge of Englonde and of Fraunce and lord of Irlonde at his Parly ament holden at Westmynster the Seuenth Day of Nouembre in the first yere of his reigne to thonour of God and holy chirche and for the comen profyte of the royame by thassent of the lordes Spirytuell and temporell and the comons of the sayde Parlyamente assembled and by the Au&orite of the sayde Parliamente hath do to be made certeyn Statutes and Ordinaunces in manner and forme following.Ó

Ò The second Parlyament holden in the thirde yeer of kinge Henry the VII.ÕÕ

Ò ^ To the Worship of God and holy chirche and for the comen wele and profit of this reame of Englonde &c. the xiii Jan. in the fourth yere of his reyne.

fol.

Statutes Ò Anno vii¡ Henrici Septimi.Ó

fol.

6

'4Q5

or after.

W. de Worde.

Anno xi Henrici vij. Statuta bonum publicum concemencia edita in parliamento tento apud Westmonasterium xiiij die Oftobris anno regni illustrissimi Dni nostri Regis Henrici septimi xi¡. See Appendix B.

fol.

7

>497

or after, and before IJ04.

Rich. Pynson. KingÕs Printer after 1508,

Nova Statuta.

Containing the Statutes from 1 Ed. III. to 12 Hen. VII. inclusive.

fol.

8

1499.

R. Pynson.

Abbreuiamentum Statutorum.

12"Õ'Õ

A Reprint and Continuation of No. 1. See No. 17.

9

1502

or after.

W. de Worde.

A Reprint of the Statutes xi Hen. VII. with the Addition of The Statutes xii Hen. VII.

See Appendix B.

fol.


No.

Due when printed.

PrinterÕ* Name.

TITLE or DESCRIPTION.

Size.

IO

1504

William Faques. KingÕs Printer.

Anno xix Henrici VIL Statuta bonum publicum concementia edita in Parliamento tento apud Westmonasterium xxv die Januarii anno regni illustrissimi Domini nostri Regis Henrici Septimi.

These were reprinted by Pynson when he became KingÕs Printer. Several of the Sessional Publications of this Reign were also reprinted by IV. de IVorde and others. See Appendix, B.

4"

ii

1508

1514,1519, ate.

R. Pynson.

Parvus Codex qui Antiqua Statuta vocatur.

This Description is given in the Colophon at the End of the Table of Statutes, &c.

I2"¡

12

i5Ô4

or after.

R. Pynson.

Statutes 3, 4, and 6 Henry VIII. Ò Emprynted by the Com.mandment of our Sovereign Lord the King and his Councell.Ó

0- It appears that the Statutes after this Time continued to be regularly published at the End of each Session by the KingÕs Printer, and were reprinted by other Printers. See Appendix B.

fol.

È3

I5I9

1517, icc.

John Rastall.

The StatutesÑmore fully described at the Conclusion thus :

Ò The Abbreviation of Statutis translatyd out of French into English by John Rastall and imprinted by the same John the xxv day of October in the xi yere of the reign of our sovereign Lord Kyng Henry the VIII. with the privilege of our seyd soverein Lord, &c.

8*¡

14

1521

R. Pynson.

OwenÕs Abridgement. See post, No. 17.

*5

IS3S

&c.

R. Redman.

Antiqua Statuta.

Nearly the same as PynsonÕs 1508, &c. ante No. 11.

I 2ª¡

16

lS27

or after.

R. Wyer.

The Statute upon the Assyse of Bread and Ale after the Pryce of a Quarter of Wheate, &c.

4*"

*7

1528

R. Pynson.

Le Breggement de touz les estatuz auxibien des veillez coe des nouellez nouellement abriggez correttez et amedez par Guillaume Owein de Medill Temple. Et imprimez par Richarde Pynson tanq ; al xix an du tres viclorieux et soveraigne Roy Hery le VIII. defensour de la foy. Anno Dni M.D. xxviii.

I 2mo

18

1528

J. Rastall.

Magnum Abbreviamentum Statutorum Anglie usc^ ad annum xv Hen. VIII. inclusive.

This was also reprinted by others. In some Copies the Ails of the Tears 21, 22, and 23 are in a separate Abridgement added at the End.

I2"¡

*9

1529

*J4¡

T. Berthelet. KingÕs Printer.

The Statutes. See post, No. 31.

fol.

20

I531

or before.

R. Pynson.

The Statutes of Westmynster commonly called Westmynster Prymer made in the third yeare of Kinge Edwarde I.

fol.

21

Ç53È

1 J3*> tJ4¡> &c.

T. Berthelet.

Magna Carta cum aliis antiquis Statutis; quorum Catalogum in fine operis reperies.

Nearly the same as Pynson's 1508, file, ante, No. 11.

i6m¡

22

1532

1540, 8rc.

T. Berthelet.

Secunda Pars Veterum Statutorum.

The two last were both frequently reprinted by Berthelet and others.

16Ó0

23

Uncertain.

Here begynith the hole Abrygemet of all the Statutz aswel the olde as the New with divers other tytles & Statutes which were never imprynted before in englishe as shall appere to al those that dilygetly serchyth. Cum gratia & privilegio a rege indulto.

24

*533

W. Rastall.

The grete Abregement of the Statutys of Englond untyll the xxij yere of Kyng Henry the viij. Cum privilegio regali.

Abridgements of the Tears 22, 23, and 24 are annexed.

8ª

raJfflfoGo *gie

No.

Date when printed.

PrinterÕi Name.

TITLE or DESCRIPTION

Size.

*5

*534

1540

1542

FetrerÈÕÈ Trandation.

R. Redman. Et Redman. T. Petyt.

The Boke of Magna Carta with diuers other Statutes, whose names appere in the next lefe folowynge, translated into Englyshe. Facessat calumnia.ÑAt the End Ò Thus endyth the boke called Magna Carta translated out of Latyn and Frenshe into Englyshe by George Ferrerz.Ó Imptynted, tec.ÑCum privilegio Regali.

The Editions 1540 & 1542, have the following Title:

Ò The Great Charter called in Latyn Magna Carta with divers Olde Statutes whose titles appeare in the next l^afe. Newly corrected. Cum privilegio ad imprimendum solum.Ó

8~

26

1538

T. Berthelet.

Statutes to be executed by Justices of the Peace, &c.

Ò In this Book are conteyned those Statutes, whiche to put in Execution the Justices of Peace, Sheriffes, baylyffes, constables, and other Ministers of Justice, were of late admonished by the KyngeÕs Maiestie, on peyne to runne into his gracis mooste hyghe indignation and displeasure.Ó

8Ó

27

>538

>540

R. Redman. Eliz. Redman.

The greate Abbrydgement of all y' statutes of Englande vntyll the xxx yere of the reygne of our moste drad soueraygne lorde kynge Henry the eyght. To whom be all honour, reuerence, and joyful contynuaunce of his prosperous reygne, to the pleasure of God and weale of thys hys realme. Amen. Cum privilegio Regali.

The Edition 1538, has a Supplement of the 31ft Tear.

That of 1540 has a Supplement of the 3 \ftl3 32d Tears.

8Ó

28

29

1542

W. Myddylton. T. Petyt.

The greate Abbrydgement of all y' Statutes of Englade, vntyl the xxxiii yere of the reygne of our moste drad soueraygne lord King Henry the eyght. To whom be all honour, reuerence, and joyful contynuance of his prosperous reygne, to the pleasure of God and weale of thys hys realme. Amen. Cum privilegio Regali.

8ª

3¡

¥543

T. Berthelet.

The Statutes whiche the Justices of Peace, mayres, sheriffes, bayliffes, constables, and other Offycers haue been com.manded by the kynges maiesty, not only by his proclama.tions, to put in execution, vpon peyne of his hygh displeasure, but also by an Afte of parliament made and established the 33 yere of his hygheness mooste graciouse reigne.

See Stat. 33 Hen. VIII. c. 10.

8Ó

3Ç

1543

1564

T. Berthelet. Wykes.

The Statutes in English from Magna Carta to 19 H. VIL inclusive.

Ò In this Volume are conteined the Statutes made and establifshed from the time of kyng Henry the thirde, vnto the fyrste yere of the reigne of our most gratious and victorious soueraine Lorde king Henry the viii. Anno M.D.XL1II.Ó

fol.

32

154I, 1544, I551

È563

'575

T. Berthelet. KingÕs Printer.

Powell.

Statutes of Henry VIII.

Ò The Second Volume conteyninge those Statutes which have been made in the tyme of the most victorious reigne of our most gracious soueraigne lorde kyng Henry the Eyght. Londini in aidibus Thomae Berthe- leti, Typographi regii excusÕ. Anno verbi incarnati MDXLIII. Cum privilegio ad imprimendum solum.

The First Edition contains the Ails only to 33 II. VIII. inclusive.

fol.

33

Between 1541 and 1548

W. Myddyhon, to 21 H. VIII.

inclusive; and thence

T. Berthelet.

The great Boke of Statutes coteynyng ail the Statutes made in the Parlyamentes from the begynnynge of the fyrst yere of the raigne of kynge Edwarde the thvrde tyll the begynnyng of the xxxiiii yere of the most gracyous raigne of our soueraigne Lorde kyng Henry the viii. Cum privilegio.

It seems probable that the Title Pages and Tables of these Colie Elions, No. 32 tsf 33. were frequently prefixed to Collections of several" Sessional Publications bound together. The Signatures, paging, and Dates of several Sessions in such Colleflions being separate ; and different Editions of the several Sessions being found in different Colle(lions.

See List of Sessional Publications, Appendix B.

fol.

O


No.

Date when printed.

PrinterÕs Name.

TITLE or DESCRIPTION.

Size.

34

*55*

T. Gaultier.

Thp newe greate abredgement, brefly conteyning all thaSes

T. Powell.

and Statutes of this realme of England, vntyl the xxxv yere of the reigneof our late noble kynge of most worthye and famous memorye Henry VIII. (whose soule God par- done) newly reuysed, trulye corredled and amended, to the great pleasure and commoditie of all the readers thereof.

8Ó

35

*556

R. Tottell.

Magna Charta cum Statutis quae Antiqua vocantur, jam recens excusa, & summa fide emendata, iuxta vetusta exemplaria ad Parliamend rotulos examinata : quibus accesserunt nonnulla nunc primum typis edita: apud Richardum Tottelum 12 Jun. 1556. Conferre and then preferre. Cum priuilegio ad imprimendum solum.

An Edition by Tottell of the Secunda Pars Veterum Statutorum dated 1555 or 1556 is generally bound up with the Magna Charta, &c. of 1556. See No. 22.

8'¡

36

37

¥ 556 *557

'559- >5'55. '574. ^ W. RaatalfÕs Colle&ion. Sec No. 42.

T. Marshe. R. Tottell.

Magna Carta et cetera antiqua statuta nunc nouiter per diuersa exemplaria examinata et summa diligentia castigata et correfta : cui adjefta est noua Tabula valde necessaria. First prove and then reprove.

A Colleftion of all the Statutes (from the begynning of Magna Carta unto the yere of our Lord 1557) which were before that yere imprinted. And furst a Pistle * necessary to be redde by them that shall use this booke. In asdibus Richardi Tottelli.ÑCum privilegio ad impri.mendum soliun.

¥ The Epistle to the Reader from " William Rastall, Serjeant at Law.Ó

In this Colleflion the Statutes previous to Henry VII. are in French or Latin respectively. See No. 42.

8Õ¡

4'Ò

38

1560

R. Tottell.

PultonÕs Abstratt of Penal Statutes. See No. 44.

39

*564

H. Wykes.

Statutes from Magna Carta to 19 H. VII. See ante, No. 31.

fol.

40

1576

1587

R. Tottell.

Magna Charta cum statutis, turn antiquis turn recentibus, maximopere animo tenendis, nunc demum ad unum tipis edita; per Richardum Tottell; [Tottill] Anno domini 1576 [1587.] Cum priuilegio ad imprimendum solum.

8Èo

41

1602

1608, 1618, &c.

T. Wight,

StationersÕ Company.

Magna Charta cum statutis turn antiquis turn recentibus, maximopere animo tenendis, jam nouiter excusa, & summa diligentia emendata & correfta. Cui adjedta sunt nonnulla Statuta nunc demum tipis asdita.

In the Editions 1608, 1618, SaV. modern Afls were from Time to Time added at the End.

8Ó

42

*579

1582,1587,1589, 1J91, 1598,1603,

1611,1615,

1621.

W. RastallÕa Collefiion in English.

Set No. 37.

C. Barker, QueenÕs Printer.

A Collection of all the Statutes, from the beginning of Magna Charta unto this present yeare of our Lord God 1579, newlye augmented, and diligentlie perused. Whereunto are added two verie necessarie Tables. The one declaringe by order of Alphabet, all the seuerall Titles, with thespeciall & most necessarie matters contayned therein. Whereby Justices of Peace, Coroners, Eschetors, Maiors, Shiriffes, Bayliffes, Constables, &c. and all other her hyghnes Sub- ieftes, shall (under their apt Titles in the same l able) finde what and wherewyth they are charged by any maner of Statute. In the other Table being at thend of this Booke are set downe the seuerall times of the Parliaments, wyth the Titles at large, of every the Statutes made therein, whereby the reader may easilie finde what Statute it shall please him to seeke for, after the verie same order, which in the sundry Volumes of Statutes at large is used. Anno Domini 1579.

The Edition 1579 is the earliest yet found of this Colleflion, which contains the Statutes previous to Henry VII. trans.lated into English. See No. 37. The subsequent Editions state in their Title Pages that the Colleflion is Ò under Titles placed by order of Alphabetand add the Abridgement of succeeding Statutes from time to time That of 1621 includes the Statutes of 7 Jac. I.

small

fol.

43

*587

C. Barker.

The whole Volume of Statutes at large which at anie time heeretofore have beene extant in print, since Magna Charta until the xxix. yeere of the reigne of our most gratious souereigne Ladie Elizabeth by the Grace of God Queene of England, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, &c. With Marginall Notes and a Table oi necessarie use newly added hereunto.ÑCum privilegic Regia: Majestatis.

fol.

Goa gl

e

N¡

Date when pr. ted.

PrinterÕs Name.

TITLE on DESCRIPTION.

Size

44

*5?4

first printed,

1560, 1577. t!96> &c-

PultonÕt Penal Statutes.

R. Tottell.

An Abstract of all the penall Statutes, which be in generall force and vse, wherein is conteined the effeft of all those Statutes, which do threaten to the Offenders thereof, the losse of life, member, lands, goods or other punishment, or forfeiture whatsoever. Whereunto is also added, in their apt titles, the effeft of such other Statutes, wherein there is anie thing materiall, and necessarie for each Sub.ject to knowe. Moreouer the authoritie and dutie of all Justices, sheriffes, coroners, eschetors, maiors, baylifes, customers, comptrollers of custome, stewardes of leetes and liberties, aulnegers, and purveyors, and what things by the letter of seueral Statutes in force, they may, ought, or are compellable to doe. Colle&ed by Fardinando Pulton of Lincolnes Inn gentleman.

Ñ

8Õ¡

45

1606, 160b. 1612, 1617, 1618, Sec. PultonÕs Kalendar, and Abridgement.

StationersÕ Company.

A Kalendar or Table comprehending the effeft of all the Statutes that have been made and put in print from Magna Carta to 4 Jac. I. Showing which are repealed, expired, altered, worn out of use, made for particular persons or places, and which are general, in force and use : Whereunto is annexed an Abridgement of all the Statutes whereof the whole or any pan is general, in force and use; with Notes of such Matters as are doubtful, &c. Edit urn per mandatum domini Regis. Collected by Fardinando Pulton of LincolnÕs Inn Esq. Cum privilegio.

fol.

46

1618, 1621.

usually called RastallÕs Statutes.

Norton and Bill. Kings Printers.

The Statutes at Large ; Conteyning all such Afts which at any time heretofore have beene extant in print from Magna Charta [until 16 Jac.I.] Divided into Two Volumes ; with Marginal Notes and divers necessary Tables newly added thereunto. Together with especial Markes whereby the Reader may easily know which of the same Afts are wholly voyd either by Expiration or Repeale.

fol.

The latest Statutes printed in this Edition are those of the Session 7 Jac. I. being the last preceding the Time of Publication in 16 Jac. I.

47

1618,

>628, 1632, 1633-6, 1640, 1661, 1670. PultonÕs Statutes.

Fletcher & at for StationersÕ Company.

A Collection of sundrie Statutes frequent in use : with Notes in the Margent and references to the Booke cases, and Bookes of Entries and Registers where they be treated of. Together with an Abridgement of the residue which be expired, repealed, altered, and wome out of use, or doe concern privat persons, places, or things, and not the whole Commonwealth. Whereunto be added certain material Statutes never printed before in English. Also a necessary Table or Kalendar [;'. e. Index of principal MattersJ : By Fardinando Pulton of Lincolnes Inn Esq.

fol.

The first Edition of this Collection ended with 7 Jac. I. The Sentence in the Title, respecting the Statutes never before printed, is omitted in the Title Page of some of the subsequent Editions :ÑThe several Editions were successively enlarged by inserting the Statutes passed after 7 Jac. I.

The last Edit. 1670, is by Manby, Editor of No. 49., and contains the Statutes to 22 Car. II. the Parliament ending nth April 1670.

0 N.B. A Collection of Acts and Ordinances beginning 1640,(16,17 Car. I.) and continued till 1656, waspub- lished in 1658, during the Usurpation, by Scobell, as a Continuation of Pulton. It was stated to be exa.mined by the Original Records, and printed by special Order of Parliament; Scobell being then Clerk of the Parliament. Partial Collections and Abridgements of ACls passed during the Usurpation, were also printed at various Periods in 1646, 1649, 165¡, 1651, 1652, 1654, 1655, 1657, isfe. by Husband, Field, Wright, Hills, Twyford, and others.

48

1667.

Assigns of J. Bill, and C. Barker, KingÕs Printers.

A Collection of all the Statutes at large now in force ; be.ginning 16 Car. I. 1640, & ending 19 Car. II. 1667, with the Titles of such as are expired & repealed. In Two Parts. Together with Notes in the Margin & Tables of the several Sessions of Parliament and of the Titles of all the Statutes both Public & Private: and an Alphabetical Table of all the Matters contained in the whole book.

fol.


N¡

49

Date when printed.

1667, &C- ManbyÕs Statutes.

5¡

1676

1681,

1684,

'6 95,

KebleÕs Statutes.

5È

1706

PrinterÕs Name.

Streater & at.

Assigns of John Bill, & at

KingÕs Printers.

Bill, &c. KingÕs Printers.

S2

1708

53

1724

54

.. '734. '735È

HawkinsÕs Statutes.

Bill & at. KingÕs Printers.

Baskett & at. KingÕs Printers.

Baskett, &c. KingÕs Printers.

TITLE or DESCRIPTION.

A Collection of the Statutes made in the reigns of King Charles I. and II. with the Abridgement of such as stand repealed or expired. Continued after the Method of Mr. Pulton, with References one to the other, &c ; Titles of the Private Acts; and a Table of principal Matters. By Thomas MANBYEsq.ÑLondon printed, &c. Cum gratia & Privilegio Regie Majestatis.

The First Edition ended with the Statutes 19 Car. II.

The Statutes 20 and 22 Car. II. were added afterwards.

The Statutes at Large in Paragraphs [theTitle to the Edit. 1681 adds here Ò and Sections or Numbers,Ó] from Magna Charta until this time, [Ò untill the reign of K.Charles II.Ó Edit. 1684, &c.] carefully examined by the Rolls of Parliament: With the Titles of such Statutes as are expired, repealed, altered or out of use. Together with the Heads of PultonÕs, or RastallÕs Abridgements in the Margin, and the addition of New References from other Books of Law ; and a new Table. [/. e. Index] : By Joseph Keble of GrayÕs Inn Esquire.Ó

The Edition 1695 continues the Title thus; Ò In this Impression are added all the Statutes made in the reign of K. James II. King William and Queen Mary to the End of the last Session of Parliament May 3, 1695; in the 7"* year of the Reign of his Majesty K. Will. III. In Two Volumes.

The Statutes at large in Paragraphs and Sections or Numbers from Magna Charta to the end of theSession of Parliament, March 14, 1704; in the fourth year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne. Carefully examined by the Rolls of Parliament. With the Titles of such Statutes as are expired, repealed, altered, or out of use; together with the Heads of PultonÕs or RastallÕs Abridgements in the Margin ; and above One thousand References from other Books of Law, with Alphabetical Tables In Three Volumes.

Vol. I. contains the Statutes, in English, from Magna Carta to 43 Eliz.ÑVol. II, from 1 Jac. I. to 6 8c 7 Will. III. with Indexes to all the Statutes in both Volumes. These two Volumes appear very similar to the latest Edition of KebleÕs Statutes 1695, ffom which perhaps they differ in nothing but the Title Page. The Title in Vol. III. in some Copies is Ò A Supplement to the last Edition of the Statute Book, beginning with the seventh and eighth years of the Reign of King William III. and continued to the End of theSession of Parliament, March 14, 1704, in the fourth year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne ; carefully examined by the Rolls of Parliament. With an Alphabetical Table.Ó In other Copies the Title of this Vol. III. is thus varied Ò The Statutes at Large; beginning, [&c. as before]Ñ With an Alphabetical Table. Vol. III.Ó

Addenda to the third Volume of the Statutes at large ; begin.ning with the fourth year of the Reign of Q. Anne, and continued to the End of the last Session of Parliament, April 1, 1708, in the seventh year of her MajestyÕs Reign. Carefully examined by the Rolls of Parliament, With an Alphabetical Table.

Statutes at Large from the seventh year of Q. Anne to the End of the eighth and last Session of the fifth Parliament of Great Britain, 7th March 1722, 8 Geo. I. Carefully examined by the Rolls of Parliament. With an Alpha.betical Table. In Two Volumes.

[ These two Volumes serve as Vol. IV. and V. of the Statutes printed in 1706, and the Addenda 1708. No. 51, 52 The Table is at the End of the Second Volume.']

The Statutes at Large from Magna Charta to the Seventh Year of King George the Second inclusive. In Six Volumes, by William Hawkins Esq. Serjeant at Law.

In most Copies of this Work, Magna Carta and the Charter of the Forest, are printed from the Statute Roll in the Tower; though by an Error of the Press the Quotation Ò Ex MS. in Bibliotheca CottonÓ is printed at the beginning of the Charter of the Forest; the Quotation in the sub.sequent Pages being Ç Ex Rot. Orig. in Turr. Lond. But one Copy, at least, of this Volume still exists i which the Great Charter is printed from 2 Inst, and also from MS. Cott. Claud. D. II. and the Charter of the Forest from that MS. only. It may therefore be concluded that in the general impression these Pages were cancelled, and the Copies printed from the Statute Roll substituted in their place.

Size.

fol.

fol.

fol.

fol.

fol.

fol.

fol.

NÈ

Date when printed.

PrinterÕs Name.

TITLE 0* DESCRIPTION.

Size.

55

1736

Baskett & a}. KingÕs Printers.

Statutes at Large from the ninth year of K. Geo. L to the End of the seventh and last Session of the seventh Parliament of Great Britain, 7 Geo. II. Carefully examined by the Rolls of Parliament. With an Alphabetical Table.

This serves as Vol. VI. of the Edition 1706, isle. No. 51, 52, 53. and brings that up to the same Period as Hawkins's Edition. The Six Volumes are preserved in some Libraries bound uniformly and lettered 1 KebleÕs Statutes.Õ

fol.

56

57

1739

1762

1766

1771

CayÕa Abridgement.

1742

*759

KingÕs Printer.

Baskett & at. KingÕs Printers.

An Abridgement of the Public Statutes in force and use from Magna Charta to 11 Geo. II. In Two Volumes : By John Cay Esq.

A New Edition, continued to 1 Geo. III. was published in 1762, by H. B. Cay, Esq; and in 1766 a separate Volume, containing the Statutes from 11 Geo. II. to 1 George III; as a Supplement to the First Edition.

Statutes at Large from the seventh year of King George II. to 14 George II. inclusive. To which is prefixed a Table of the Titles of all the Publick and Private Statutes during that Time. Vol. VII.

This makes Vol. VII. as well to Hawkins's Edition No. 54. as to the Edition 1706, iSc. No. 51, 52, 53, 55. There is an Index to this Volume ; at the End.

fol.

fol.

58

¥758,1759

Baskett & at. KingÕs Printers.

Statutes at Large 15 Geo. II. to 23 Geo. II. inclusive. With a Table of the Titles of all the Publick and Private Statutes during that Time. Vol. VIII.

fol.

*758, 1759

Baskett & at. KingÕs Printers.

Statutes at Large 24 Geo. II. to 30 Geo. II. With a Table of Titles, Ac. Vol. IX.

An Index to both Volumes is printed at the End of Vol. IX.

fol.

59

1758

Cay *8 Statutes.

Baskett & at. KingÕs Printers.

The Statutes at Large from Magna Charta to the thirtieth Year of King George the Second inclusive. In Six Volumes, by the late John Cay Esq.

In 1769 and 1771 Two Volumes were published, and in 1773 a Third, to continue this Edition to 13 Geo. III. with Indexes at the End of the Vols. 1771 and 1773. These serve as Volumes VII, VIII, IX of Cay's Edition, and X, XI, XII of HawkinsÕs.

fol.

60

176a,1765

1769, 1770 Ruff headÕs Statutes.

Baskett & at. KingÕs Printers.

The Statutes at Large from Magna Charta to the End of the last Parliament, 1761. In Eight Volumes; by Owen Ruffhead Esquire.

4Ò

Baskett & at. KingÕs Printers.

The Statutes at Large from 2 Geo. III. [exclusive] to 5 Geo. III. [exclusive.] With a Copious Index [to the Statutes from Magna Carta to 4 Geo. III. inclusive] and an Appendix, consisting of obsolete and curious Ads, some of which were never before printed.ÑVolume the Ninth.

4"

OO

N

Eyre and Strahan. KingÕs Printers.

The Statutes at Large from Magna Charta to 25 Geo. III. inclusive, with a copious Index, and an Appendix consist.ing of obsolete and curious Acts, some of which were never before printed. By Owen Ruffhead Esq.ÑA new Edition, in Ten Volumes, revised, corrected, and continued by Charles Runnington Esquire.

These Editions have been regularly continued by additional Volumes.

4Ò

6l

1762, 1769 PickeringÕs Statutes.

Printer to Cambridge University.

The Statutes at Large from Magna Charta to the End of the Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain, Anno 1761. Carefully collated and revised, with References, a Preface, and a new and accurate Index to the whole. By Danby Pickering of GrayÕs InnEsquire. Twenty-four Volumes. This Edition has been regularly continued by additional Oflavo Volumes.

8"

[Several Abridgements of the Statutes, and Collegians or particular Selefiions from them, have from time to time appeared, which do not seem worthy of specific Notice. Such are WingateÕs Abridgement, in several Oflavo Volumes ; Annual Abridgements, in thin Folio Volumes or Parts printed by the KingÕs Printer during the early Part of the present Reign ; WilliamsÕs Digest of the Statute Law ; AddingtonÕs Penal Statutes, &c.

p


( Ivi )

APPENDIX. B.

PRINTED SESSIONAL PUBLICATIONS

OF THE STATUTES

OF

ENGLAND.

These Publications, from 1 Ric.III. to 3 Car. I. inclusive, contain the Body of the Statute as made in each Session ; the several Ails or Chapters thereof, being distinguished by Numbers and Titles. From 16 Car. I. they consist of the several Ails of the Session ; each being printed separately, but paged progressively, from the beginning to the End of the Session. Of many of the Sessions several Editions were printed. From the Time of the Union with Scotland, the Sessional Publications are preserved (in a Series nearly perfeii) in the Office of the Clerk of the Fees, at the House of Commons of the United Kingdom; where some of the Sessional Acts from 1 William and Mary to 1 Anne, are also to be found; but none previous to 1 William and Mary. In the Library of Norwich Cathedral, the Sessional Publications from 1 Jac. II. to 1 Anne are complete in 14 Volumes. Some of the earliest Sessional Publications are preserved in various Public Libraries, but no perfect Series has yet been collected together ; and of some few Tears, no printed Copy is now known to exist. None of the Private Acts are included in any of these Publications ; but their Titles are prefixed or subjoined to the Statutes of each Session after 13 Eliz. in Tables of Acts not printed.

A. D.

Year of the King.

PrinterÕ* Name.

*483

i Ric.III. j

Caxton or j Machlinia. 3

1485

1 Hen.VII. "j

Caxton. 1

1487

1488

us- ;

W. de Worde. J

>49*

r

W. de Worde.

7 Ò t

J. Notary.

*495

11 Ñ

W. de Worde. j c

J. Notary.

1496

12 Ñ

W. de Worde.

*503

i9 Ñ

W. Faques. W. de Worde.

J. Notary. Pynson.

1509

1 Hen. VIII.

Berthelet.

151*, 12

3&4 Ñ

Pynson.

1512

4 Ñ

Berthelet.

*5*3

5 Ñ

*5*4

6 Ñ

Pynson.

Berthelet.

*5*5

7 Ñ

*5aaÈ 3

*4&*5 Ñ

Pynson.

J. Rastell.

*5a9

21 Ñ ^

Berthelet.

Powell.

*53o

22 Ñ

Berthelet.

*53*

a3 Ñ

Berthelet.

*53a

24 Ñ

Berthelet. |

Year when printed.

1484

about 1488

1491

15¡7 *495 1502

*5¡7

*497

1502

*5¡4

*5¡4> *5¡6

1507

1508

*55*

*5*4

*552

*5*4

*55*

*5*3

*53¡

1562

*53*

*538

1546

APPENDIX. B.

lvii

1 The Imprint is as follows: u London, printed by Bonham Norton and John Bill, Printers to the KingÕs most Excellent Majestie, Anno Dorn. 1628. Cum privilegio.ÓÑIn this Publication the KingÕs first Answer to the Petition of Right on June 2, 1627, and also his Speech on making the second Answer (soit droit fait come est defire) on June 7, together with his Speech at the Close of the Session, are all printed at length. In January 1628, at the Commencement of the Second Session of this Parliament, (which was suddenly determined without any Aft being passed,) a Committee was appointed to inquire as to the printing of these Additions to the Petition of Right, when on Examination of the Printers it appeared, that 1500 Copies of the Petition, with the KingÕs second Answer only thereto, had been printed during the preceding Session, Ò whereof few were divulged and that immediately after the Conclusion of that Session those Copies were suppressed, and the others, with the Additions, printed by Special Warrant for the Purpose. See CommonsÕ Journals, vol. i. pa. 920, 921, 923,924; January 20, 22, 23, 27, 30: and State Trials, Vol. vii, at the End of the Proceedings in Parliament relating to the Liberty of the Subjeft, which are annexed to the Case of the Habeas Corpus brought by Sir Thomas Darnell and others. In the Editions of PultonÕs Statutes, printed in 1636 and 1640, both the Answers, as also the KingÕs Speeches, are reprinted precisely as they appear in the Sessional Volume. See post, Appendix F. pa- lxxvii; as to the Inroilment of the Petition and Answer.

* As to Afts and Ordinances during the Usurpation, See Note to Appendix A. No. 47.

5 At the End of the last Page of this Volume is printed Ò Jo. Browne, Cleric. Parliamentorum.Ó


1 The Titles to the Sessions and Afts of these Years distinguish the Day of the passing of the Afts ; e. g .30 Car. II. Seas. 1. has the following Title to the Afts of the whole Session, ÒAnno Regni Caroli II. Regis Anglia, Scotia, Francise, & Hibernise Tricesimo. At the Parliament begun at Westminster the 8th day of May, A. D. 1661, in the Thirteenth Year of our Sovereign Lord Charles by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, Franci, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. And by several Prorogations and Adjournments there continued to the 15th Day of July in the 30th Year of His MajestyÕs Reign, on which Day the following Afts passed the Royal Assent.ÓÑIn the Session 30 Car. II. Seas. 2. only one Aft was passed.ÑIn the Session 1, and 2 Will, and Mary, eacn Aft has a separate Title, Ò Anno Regni Willelmi & Mari* Regis & Regine Anglia, Francis & Hibernia primo ; On the 23d Day of February, Anno Dom. 1688 j in the First Year of their Majesties Reign this Aft passed the Royal Assent London, printed,Ó &c.


APPENDIX. C.

ORIGINALS, RECORDS, and MANUSCRIPT COPIES

OF

THE GREAT CHARTERS, and of THE STATUTES:

Specifying the several Repositories in which they are preserved.

Article.

Period.

Repository.

Distinguishing Reference.

Charters.

Carta de Libertatibus

i Stephen

Exeter Cathedral

Articuli Magne Carte

17 John

British Museum

Donation MS. 4838.

Magna Carta . J

17 John -

Lincoln Cathedral British Museum

MS. Cott. Aug. II. No. 106.

1 Hen. m.

Durham Cathedral

Prima SCde Regalium 3*.

l

A. D. 1217.

Bodleian Lib. Oxford

MS. Fumey, No. 3.

Carta de Foresta

2 Hen. III.

Durham Cathedral

Prima SSde Regalium 4*.

Magna Carta

g Hen. III. - - ^

Durham Cathedral Lacock Abbey

Id. 2*.

Carta de Foresta

9 Hen. HI.

Durham Cathedral

Prima SCde Regalium 5*.

Magna Carta

36 Hen. III.

British Museum

MS. Cott. Aug. II. No. 51.

Charters of Confirmation

AND INSPEXIMUS.

Carta Confirmationis

21 Hen. III.

Bodleian Lib. Oxford

MS. Fumey, No. 6.

Magna Carta \Jrup.~]

2 5 Edw. I.

London,Town-ClerkÕsOffice

Magna Carta [Imp.]

28 Edw. I. - *<

London,T own-CIerk'sOffice Westminster Collegiate Church

Seda Sdde Regalium 2*. Sfda Sfde Regalium 8*

1

ã, , f

Durham Cathedral Oriel College, Oxford Durham Cathedral

Carta de Foresta \_lnsp.~} -

28 Edw. I. - - <

Oriel College, Oxford

Carta Confirmationis

25 Edw. I.

British Museum

Cotton Charters, VII. 9.

Carta Confirmationis

29 Edw. I.

Bodleian Lib. Oxford

MS. Furney, No. 8.

q


Article.

Records of Charters and Statutes.

Charter Rolls

Statute Rolls

Inrollments of Afts

-<

Exemplifications and Transcripts of Afts

Rolls of Parliament

Original Afts of Parliament

Petitions and Bills in Parliament

Records, incidentally

CONTAINING STATUTES.

Patent Rolls - 1

[These contain Charter: .

since 8 Henry VIII.

See Charter Rolls."} j

Claus or Close Rolls

Pardon Rolls Fine Rolls

¥{

Period.

i John to a2 Edw. IV.

Ric. III. to 8 Hen. VIII. [SÇ Patent Rolls.}

6 Edw. I. to 50 Edw. III.' Temp. Ric. II.

Temp. Hen.IV. & Hen. V.

Hen. VI. to 8 Hen. VI.

25 Hen. VI. to 39 Hen.VI.

1 Edw. IV. to 8 Edw. IV. J Ric. III. and ever since

And see Rolls of Parliament. Sententia lata in Trans-' gressores Cartarum ! 37 Hen. III.

Statuta Wallie, 12 Edw.I. |

Stat. Wynton, 13 Edw. I Stat. 27 Edw. I.

Articuli sup.Cartas 28 Ed.I. Stat. Carlisle, 35 Edw. I. - Stat. 10 Edw. II.

Novse Ordinationes 5 Edw. II.

Statute 15 Edw. III.

Statute 8 Hen. VI.

Statutes 9 Hen. VI. to 20 Hen. VI.

Aft of Resumption,

20 Hen. VI.

Statutes 25 to 39 Hen.VI. |

Aft of Resumption,

28 Hen, VI.

Private Afts 6 Hen.VIII.

and since 18 to 35 Edw. I.

4 & 5 Edw. II. to 2 2 Edw. IV, 21 Ric. II.

7 Hen. V.

And see Inrollments of Ads

Tower of London Rolls Chapel, London

-{

12 Hen. VII. and ever since

Temp. E. I. E. II. E. III. R. II. H. IV. V. & VI, and Edw. IV.

:)

.{

3 John to 22 Edw. IV. John, E. II. & H.VI.

1 Edw. V. to 27 Geo. III. 28 Geo. III. and since 6 John to 22 Edw. IV.

18 Ric. II.

1 Edw.V. to 24 Geo. III.

25 Geo. III. and since

26 Edw.I. to 22 Edw.IV.

1 Ric. III. to end of Jac. I. 6 John to 24 Edw. IV.

1 Edw. V. to 17 Car. I. -

Repository.

Distinguishing Reference.

Tower of London * *Ç

Rolls Chapel

Wells Cathedral

Tower of London Chapter House, Westm. Chapter House, Westm. British Museum Durham Cathedral Chapter House, Westm. Wells Cathedral British Museum Canterbury Cathedral Wells Cathedral London,Town-ClerkÕsOfEce

Tower of London

Chapter House, Westm.

Exchequer, Westminster, -> KingÕs Rememb. Office. J

Chapter House, Westm.

Rolls Chapel

Chapter House, Westm. Tower of London Chapter House, Westm.

Parliament Office, Westm.

Tower of London

Tower of London Chapter House, Westm.

[few and irregular.} Rolls Chapel

Petty Bag Office, Chancery Tower of London Chapter House, Westm. Rolls Chapel

Inrollment Office, Chancery Tower of London Rolls Chapel Tower of London Rolls Chapel

Rolls of each Year respeftively.

The Great Roll.

Roll II.

Roll HI.

Roll IV.

Roll V.

Roll VI.

Rolls of each Year respeftively.

Cotton Charters, VII. 11. Seda Scde Regalium 1*. Exempl. pro Scot.

Cotton Charters, 43. D. 18. Roll K. 11.

Certiorari Bundles.

Rolls of each Year respeftively.

Bundles and Rolls of each Year, and number of the Afts respeftively.

Bundles and Files of each Year.

i Rolls of each Year respeftively.

Gojgi

e

Awhls

Period.

Repertory.

Dittinguiabiag Reference.

Books of Record.

Will. I. to Edw. m.

Exchequer, Westminster

Red Book.

Containing Entries of

Hen. HI. to Ric. II.

Exchequer, Dublin

Red Book.

Charters, Statutes, and < Parliament Rolls

Temp. Edw. I. i$ to 35 Edw. I.

14 Edw. II. - -J

Chapter House, Westm. Tower of London

Register A.

Vetus Codex.

Books and Manuscripts

not of Record.

f

Stephen and John

Canterbury Cathedral

Register V. IX.

1 and 2 Hen. III.

York Cathedral

Domesday Bo6k.

Hen. III. Edw. I.

Durham Cathedral

Ledger Books 1.11. III.

Hen. L

Rochester Cathedral

Textus Roffensis.

Chartularies - ¥ \

1 Hen. III. to 25 Edw. I. -

Gloucester Cathedral

Register No. 1.

1

John to 37 Hen. III.

Norwich Cathedral Christ Church Cathedral, 7

BranthwaiteÕs Register. Liber Niger.

l

John to 27 Edw. I. - |

Dublin

r

6 Edward I. to Edw. IV. -

LincolnÕs Inn Library

HaleÕs MSS.

Edw. II. to Hen. IV.

Middle Temple Library

Copies of Rolls of Parliament,/

Edw. II. to Hen. Vin. -

Inner Temple Library

PetytÕs MSS.

and Petitions in Parliament i

5 Edw. II. to 19 Hen. VII.

Cambridge, Magd" College

Pepys Library.

5 Edw. II. to 4 Hen. VIII.

Trinity College, Dublin -

l

4 Edw. II. to Hen. VIII. -

British Museum

MS. Harl. 7057Ñ7086.

Sele&iont from Patent Rolls

1 Hen. III. to 22 Edw. IV.

Trinity College, Dublin -

PowleÕs MSS.

John to Ric. II. Ô ~

1 Edw. III. to 33 Hen. VI. > 1 Edw. IV. to 7 Hen.VIIIJ

Exchequer, Westminster

Lib. X. Lib. IX. Lib. XI. Lib. Horn.

9 Hen. III. to End of (

London, Town-ClerkÕs J

Lib. Custumarum.

Hen. V. C

Office - . \

Lib. de antiq. legibus. Transcr. Libri Albi.

Lib. G, H, I.

9 Hen. III. to Hen. IV. -

LincolnÕs Inn Library

HaleÕs MSS.

2 Hen.III. to end of Ed.I. -n 1 Edw. III. to 3 Hen. VII. 1 1 Edw.III. to 29 Hen. VI. ( 9 Hen. IIL to 29 Hen. VI.

Inner Temple Library

PetytÕs MSS. No. 9. PetytÕs MSS. No. 8. PetytÕs MSS. No. 6. BarringtonÕs MSS. 3 Vols.

Oxford.

Bodleian Library:

No. 212, 213, 216, 219,

220, 222, 223, 230,

Collections containing

------Rawlinion MSS. <

I

249, 273, 274, 275, 276, 277, 278, 337,

Charters; and Statutes,

preceded by the

L

------Hatton MSS.

37 *-

Charters.

10, No. 4135.

------Laud's MSS. - 1

Rot. Bodl.

Roll, No. 1036. J

Cambridge :

Class. Shelf. No.

Various Periods; from

------University Library

D d - - vii 6 ix 38,72

Hen. I. to Hen. VII. )

x 28

XV 12, 28

Ee - - i i,5

ii 19 v* 'È33

H h - - iii 11

iv 1, 6

I i - - vi 25 Kk - - v 33 LI- - i 10,15, Ô6

iv 17,18

M m - - i 27

V

V ,9


Article.

Period.

Repository.

Distinguishing Reference.

Books and Manuscripts

Cambridge :Ñ(continued)

CUss. Shelf. No.

not of Record ,

f

0 - - i 71,76

continued.

ii 58

J

iii 20,45

------Trin.Coll.Library /

iv xiv

J

vij 27 ix 26

l

R - xv 12

------Corpus Christ!, or

BeneÕt Coll. Librar)

.---------Abp. Parker's C

No. 59, 70, 84,292,297,

MSS. - l

362,377,412,476,482.

British Museum :

MSS. Cott.

Julius A, IX : B, XII: D, II: D,Vn.

Claudius D, II.

Nero A, VI: A,XII:C,I:

D, L

------Cottonian MSS. <

Galba £, III, IV. Vitellius C, IX: E, V. Vespasian B, VII: F. IX. Titus A, VIII, XIII: B,V,VI, VIII. Domitian VII.

Faustina B, I: D, III.

Appendix XVI, XXV.

MSS. Harl.

Collections containing Charters; and Statutes, . preceded by the Charters

Various Periods ; from Hen. I. to Hen. VII. *

No. 79, 244, 311, 323, 395,408,409, 413, 450, 458,489,493, 529, 550, 644.666, 667, 668, 673, 696,741. 746, 748, 751, 773. 785, 858, 867, 869, 926, 936,946, 947, 990, 1011, 1013, 1024, 1028, 1033, 1120, 1127, 1208,

continued.

------ Harleian MSS. ^

1214, 1259, 1261, 1311, I3,7È 1335> *690, 1708, 1757.'807. >817. 1954, 3205,3206, 3341, 3652, 3824,3937. 3942, 3994, 4565,4855, 4871, 4975, 4999,5022, 5044, 5072, 5213,5214, 5233, 5274, 5290, 5326, 5349, 5430,

>. 6644,6800,6873,7547.

MSS. Reg.

9 A; I, n, VII.

13 A; XIV.

------Royal Library - (

15 A j XXI.

19 A; VII, XIV.

20 A; VII, VIII, IX.

No. 5444, 5502, 5511,

------Donation MSS. i

5668.

r No. 251, 480, 481, 482,

----Ñ Lansdcnvne MSS. ¥<

483,484,485,486,487,

488,490,491,492,493,

494,581,667.

r No. 166, 171, 179, 270,

Lambeth Library: J

35¡. 371. 429, 499,

< 1

k 543. 556-

APPENDIX.

D.

Explanation of the Contractions,

Used in printing the Records and Manuscripts copied in this Collection.

THE general Charadber and Appearance of the Charters and Records copied in this Colledtion, are exhibited in engraved Specimens.* With respedt to the Printed Contractions, it is to be observed, that wherever the Manuscript is abbreviated, the Print has a Mark of Contraction, as similar to that of the Manuscript as the Types will admit. The differeni Manuscripts vary a little from each other in the Mode of making the several Contra&ions. The following Explanadon of the Marks of Contradlion used in the Print (applying both to the Latin and French Text, though the latter is generally less abbreviated than the former), may serve as well to render the printed Copy intelligible, as also to explain the Contra&ions in the Manuscripts, and to make the reading and consulting of them, when necessary, more easy to Persons not used to antient Records.

A strait Lint over a Vowel denotes the Omission of the Letter m or n following:

qua ¥ - quam antiq1 - antiquam hoiu ¥ - hominum

n5 non

comun . . commun avaudla - - avauntditz

stati ... statim volutate ¥ voluntatem

Tbe strait Line over m in the Middle of a Word denotes the Omission of the Letter n following: o fries .... omnes | omia .... omnia

A Crooked Line over some Letter, or a Line through some Letter, of the Word contracted, denotes tbe Omission oj one or more Letters of the Word:

Gra ¥

- Gratia

Epis -

- Episcopis

~ ~ f do or tio co, to - <

Baths

- Ballivis

oms -

- omnes

L cion or tion

nob -

¥ nobis

libtates

- libertates

coronac&is - coronadonis

beat *

¥ habeat

Dns -

. Dominus

expeditaco - expeditado

Sat! -

- Salutem

die! -

¥ dictum, &c.

malic&se - maliciose

A small superior Letter denotes an Omission, of which such Letter forms a Part :

qÔm

q*

¥ quam

occ'one - occasione II p'mis imp'sonet' - imprisonetur || pi9

- primis II s1 - prius 1 n1

- - sibi

- - nisi

The following Characters or Abbreviations have certain explicit Significations, viz.

Charafier.

Signification.

3

US

At the End of Words in the Dative or Ablative Plural:

Abbatibj - - Abbatihus

quib3 - - - -

quibus

sometimes

et

53 - - - set (sed)

| poss3 . . . -

posset

Or as a comprehensive Mark of Abbreviation:

quit3 - - quilibet qn3 - - quandoque

videl3 - - - -

videlicet

9

US

Not being the Dative or Ablative Plural:

above the Line.

hufmodi - |hujusmodi

dedim9 - - ,

dedimus

huj9 - - - hujus

excsare - - -

excusare

sometimes o$s or- ust.

% '.: }pÒ i

p9tea ....

postea

even with the

com, or con

9tenta - contents | 9muni -

communi | pseil

- consdl

Line.

¥ For Specimens of Original Charters, and of the Charter Roll, See the Plates at pages 3, <5, 9, 20, 2J, 28, and 33, of the Charters prefixed to the Statutes in this Volume: of the Patent Roll facing page 4, of the Statute Roll page 114, and of the Close Roll page 118 of the Statutes in this Volume.


Charafter.

Signification.

qorcfc

que

absq, .... absque

usq .... usque

Frequently wed alto for quod and quia.

cr

ex?dtum - exercitum

infreg?int

. infregerint II manle - manere

itii2e - - itinere

denis ¥

- deners ,,

sometimes

re

eglssum - - - egressum

transg?ssum - transgressum

rum

antecessop - antecessorum

nrop ... nostrorum

Sometimes to mark an Abbreviation beginning with r:

CO£ - - -

- coronadonem

et

The & appears in the Print wherever an Abbreviation for et appears in the Manwcript.

and

In the Copses of some Scotch Records in Appendix H. to the Introduction.

eciam

t

est

s

cer

fe?it - - - - fecerit

ftum .... certum

Si

mer

anicietur - - - amercietur

locator ... mercator

9

ser

Pvicium ... servicium

€vir .... servir

ter

cePa .... cetera

Pram .... terrain

sometimes

8

tre

rspasours - - trespasours

uer

fSit .... fuerit

fcSit .... habuerit

ver

estoPiu ... estoverium

oPtes .... overtes

p

per 1

As the Prepositions per and

pro, and in

forming Words :

-P

pro J

cepit .... ceperit

ppÔa ... - propria

pbu .... probum

psone .... persone

aptement ... apertement

pfit .... profit

pmisit - permisit

pmisit ... promisit

pchein - prochein

p* . - - . persona

also for

p

par and por

patus .... paratus

pceles .... parceles

tempe .... tempore

corpum ... corporum

P

pre

p'sentem ... presentem

plaz .... prelatz

p>dcm .... prediftum

ptadront - - - prendront

Z

tz

fia - - - - fitz

fea - - - - - fetz

establisemenz - establisementz

tenauna ... tenauntz

In the Copies of some Records the following Charaflers occur.

f

is or s

.Scottf ... Scottis

As also the Saxon Characters,

Lordf ... Lords

J> - th | 5 - y

In citing the several Statute Rolls, Parliament Rolls, and Close, Patent, Fine, and Charter Rolls, the Year of the King, the Part, if there are more Rolls than one of the same Year, the Membrane or Skin, and the Number of the Article, where is it so distinguished on the Roll, are particularised; and if it is on the Dorse or Back of the Roll that also is noticed.ÑThe several Membranes or Skins of which of the Rolls are composed, are frequently numbered from the bottom to the top of the Roll, the Membrane at the End being numbered i, and so progressively up to the beginning of the Roll;ÑThus:

Mag- Rot. Stat. m. 46 d. signifies,ÑThe Great Roll of the Statutes, on the back of Membrane 46. Rot. Pari. 6 Fdw. II. P. a. nu. 3. - Parliament Roll 6 Edward II. Part II. Number 3.

Rot. Claus. - - - Close Roll. Rot. Fin. . - - Fine Roll.

Rot. Pat. - Patent Roll. Rot. Cart. - - Charter Roll.

In Cedula - - In a Schedule or separate Skin or Membrane attached to the Roll.

For Explanations as to the other Records and Manuscripts cited, See Appendix C.


APPENDIX. E.

I. Instances illustrative of the Nature of the Parliament Rolls ; and of the

Method of Certifying Statutes into Chancery, in England and Ireland :

II. Instances of Exemplifications of Statutes from Chancery.

I.

i. The Six Volumes printed by an Order of the House of Lords of Great Britain, 9 March 1767, and intituled, Rotuli Parliamentorum ut et Petitiones et Placita in Parliamento, contain various Parliamentary Matters from 6 Edw. I. to 19 Hen. VII. Original Petitions in Parliament from the Time of Edw. I, Entries of Record of Rolls and Proceedings in Parliament in the Time of Edw. I. and II, and Rolls of Parliament from 4 & 5 Edw. II, to the End of the Reign of Edward IV, are still preserved in the Tower of London, among which are many Matters not noticed in those printed Volumes. Previous to Edward III. the Contents of the Rolls are miscellaneous and irregular. From 13 Edw. III. to the End of the Reign of Edw. IV. the Contents of them are generally, but not universally, uniform, and may be thus described. They begin by stating the Time of the Opening of each Session, the declaring the Causes for which the Parliament was summoned, and the Appointment of Receivers and Triers of Petitions.ÑThe Grants of Aids and Subsidies to the King, and the other Proceedings in the several Matters before Parliament, are entered as they took place. All the Petitions of the Commons, relating to Public Matters, and sometimes those of the Clergy separately, with the Answers thereto, are entered at large, as also all the Petitions or Bills presented by private Persons, and the Answers thereto: Many of these Petitions or Bills in the Time of Hen. VI. and Edward IV. are drawn up in the complete Form of Ads.ÑThe Rolls conclude with the Account of the Petitions, or Bills and Answers being read at the Close of the Session, and of the Leave given to the Great Men and Commons to depart.

On the Roll of 35 Edw. I. of which the Entry is preserved in the Vetus Codex in the Tower of London, the earliest existing Record occurs of a Commission granted by the King, for beginning the Business of Parliament in his Absence. It is in the following Form :

Ò Parliaments R. Edwardi sumonitu apud Kart in Odab S£i Hillaf anno Regni sui xxxv'¡.

Ò EDWARD par la grace de Dieu Roi Denglefre, Seign' Dirlaunde & Dues Daquitaine a touz noz foialx & loialx Prelatz, Contes, Barons, Procurours, & autres q sont venuz a Cardoill p nre somonse pr estre illueqs a nre Parlement a ces Oytaves de la Seynt Hilleyre, Saluz. Nous feisoms assav a vo9 toutz q no9 enveoms a Cardoill noz foialx & loialx Wau9 p meisme la grace Evesq^ de Cestre nre Tresorier, & Henri de Lacy Conte de Nicole nre chier cousyn, pr monstrer a vo9 aucunes bosoignes touchantz no9 & nre Roialme, qÔnt a la jornee de y cestz Vendredi Samedi & Dimegne ; & por treiter ovesq, vo9 & vo9 dire nre volume sur meismes les busoignes, siedme no9 lour avons enchargez j & vo9 mandoms qe as ditz Evesq, & Conte de ce qil vo9 endirront de p no9 creez fiablement, & si avant come vo9 ferriez a no9 meismes si no9 y feussiens en ppre psone. Don souz nre p've Seal a Lanrecost le xix jour de Janeuoir Lan de nre regne xxxv.Ó

The next known existing Record of a similar Commission is found on the Parliament Roll in the Tower, 13 Edw. III. Part II. The following is a Copy of the Commencement of that Roll, and of the Royal Commission entered thereon, for the beginning and continuing of Parliament.

Ò Les Remembrances du plement somons a Westmonstier as oyetaves de la Seint Hillarie lan du regne nre Seignur le Roi Edward la tierce aps le conquest treszisme.

Ò En primes pr ceo q Mons le Due de Comewaille Gardeyn DengletVe fu destourbj pr Seines busoignes q lui touchent, ensi qil ne p'ra venir yce Joedy as dites oyetaves psonelment a Westmonstier, si sount assignez & comandez p Lies Patentes souz gÕnt Seal nre Seign le Roi, lon'able pier en Dieu lercevesqs de Cantws, le Deen Deverwyk Tresorer le Roi, Richard de Wylughby, Johan de Stonore, & Johan de Seint Poul, quatre treis


ou deux de eux, a comencer & continuer le plement en noun de nre Seign' le Roi, & du dit Gardein, & affaire les chores q sount affaire p meisme le Gardein tan q a sa venue; des queles Ires la tenour sensuit.

Ò Edwardus Dei gfa Rex Angt, Diis Hibn, & Dux Aquif, Archiepis Epis Abbatibj Priorib3 Comitibj Baronibj Milidbj & omibj aliis ad instans PI lamentfi nrm apud Westm sumonitu conventur, saltm: Cum dilCus & fidelis nr Edwardus Dux Comub & Comes Cestr, fit nr carissimus, custos regni nri, pp? quedam negocia sibi incum- bencia sit ad psens ppeditus, quominus isto die Jovis in Q&ab sci Hilarii apud locu pdcm valeat psonali? in?esse, de circumspeccois & industrie magnitudine ventabilis pris Jotas Archiepi Cantuar tocius Angt primatis, & discretoji virop magri Willi de la Zousche, Decani ecctie bi Petri Ebo^ Thes nri, Ri?i de Wylughby, Jofiis de Stonore, & Johis de Sco Paulo, plenam fiduciam reportantes, ipos quatuor tres & duos eo£ ad inchoand & continuand pliamentu pd£fm, nro & dci filii nri nole, & ad faciend ea que p nobis p pdcm fit nrm faciend f&It, usq, adventu ejusdem fit nn ibidem, deputamus & assignam5. Et ideo vob mandamus qd eisdem Archiepo, Thes, Ric6, Johi & Jobi, quatuor trib3 & duoby eop, intendentes sitis in ^missis m forma pdfa. In cujus rei testimonium has Iras nras fieri fecimus patentes. T. Edwardo Duce Comub k Comite Cestr fit nro earissimo, Custode Angt, apud Langele xix. die Januar anno r. n. txiodecimo.

p ipm Custodem & Cons.Ó

2. The Acts of Parliament inrolled, or, as they have been usually termed, Rolls of Parliament, which are preserved in the Chapel of the Rolls, London, commence with Richard III. and are continued to the present Time. The General Contemporary Title or Indorsement of each Roll is Ò Rotulus Parliamenti Ó &c. specifying the Year of the KingÕs Reign. But some of these Rolls are otherwise indorsed; E. g. ÒAds of Parlia.ment inrolled.Ó Ò Irrotulamentunn Parliamenti.Ó Ò Ada Parliamenti.Ó

From i Ric. III. to the End of Henry VII, these Rolls are very similar in their Contents to those of preceding Reigns, in the Tower, as before described. The Rolls from i Henry VIII. to 25 Hen. VIII. contain a more abridged Account of the Proceedings in Parliament, but appear to include all the Acts passed in every Session, with an introductory and concluding Form to each Act, of its being exhibited and assented to. After 21 Hen. VIII. the Introductory Forms of opening the Parliament, appointing Triers of Petitions, &c. are omitted. After 25 Henry VIII. some of the Acts are omitted, being generally such as are classed in the Printed Editions as Private Acts. In 31 Hen. VIII. the Introduction at the Head of the Roll for the first Time defines the Contents as Statutes made in a Parliament, the Time and Place of which is specified, and makes a precise Distinction between Public and Private Acts, as follows, viz. Ò In Parliamento inchoato, &c. [the Date] communi omnium Dominorum tarn Spiritualium quam Temporalium ac Communitatis Consensu, ac Regie Majestatis assensu, inaditata et stabilita fuerunt hec sequentia Statuta, viz. Actes Publicke :Ó Then follows a List of the Titles ; after that Ò Actes Private,Ó with a List of the Titles : Then follow the several Ads Public and Private, in a regular Series, with this Introductory Form to each; Ò Exhibita est regie Majestati, in Parliamento predi&o, Billa quedam, formam ACtus in se continens,Ó and at the End of each ; Ò Cui quidem Bille perleCte et ad plenum intellede per diCtum dominum Regem ex authoritate Parliamenti predicti sic responsum est.Ó [ Le Roy le veult; or otherwise as the Nature of the ACt requires.] No other Proceedings of Parliament are entered on the Roll. Private ACts as well as Public continued to be inrolled till 25 Eliz., but not all which were passed ; some Private ACts were also inrolled in An. 35 Eliz, but not afterwards. At the End of the Roll is generally subscribed the Name of the Clerk of the Parliament: and sometimes Words are added in the Nature of a Certificate of their Correctness, Ò Examinat p me.Ó Ò Examinat & concordat cum originali.Ó Ò Examinat & certificat, &c.Ó These are the Form and Contents of the Rolls to 1 Car. I.

In the Two Sessions 1 and 3 Car. I. the Rolls were made up nearly in the ancient Form.1 In 16 Car. I, the next ensuing Session, the Roll begins Ò In Parliamento inchoato, &c. [as in 31 Hen. VIII.] sancita, inactitata, ordinata, et stabilita fuerunt sequentia Statuta ut sequuntur, viz. Publique Acts.Ó Then follow the Title and Body of an Act, without any introductory Form, and at the End Ò Cui quidem Bille in se formam Actus continenti perlecte et ad plenum intellecte per dictum Dhum Regem ex authoritate Parliamenti sic Responsum est: R¡ÑLe Roy le veult." Or if a Subsidy Act Ò Le Roi remerciant ses bons Subjets, accepte letir benevo.lence & ainsi le veut.Ó Then follow the Title and Body of another Act, and at the End the like Form of signifying the Royal Assent, and so until all the Public Acts are entered. After which follows an Introduction Ò Item quedam Petitiones privatas personas concernentes in se formam Actus continentes exhibite fuerunt p>dSo Dilo Regi in Parliam p>d, quap Tituli subscribuntur, viz. Private Acts.Ó Then follows a List of the Titles, and at the End of the List, Ò Quibus perledtis 8c ad plenum intellettis, p Dhum Regem de Avisamento et assensu Dho£ Spiritualiu et Temporalifi ac Communitatis in d?o Parliam existen, ac authoritate ejusdem, taliter ut sequitur eisdem gingulatim est responsum, viz. Soit fait come il est desire.Ó No other Proceedings of Parliament are entered on the Roll: Ai the End is written, Ò Concord' cum Original Jo. Browne Cleric. Parliamento^.Ó This Form continues to 31 George II. inclusive. After which the List of the Private Ads, and its introdu&ory and concluding Forms, are wholly omitted.

Õ Sit more fully, Appendix F. post pages lxxvii, Uxviii.

Goa g!e

At the present Day, on Account of the increased Length and Number of the Public Afts passed in Parliament, they cannot all be conveniently entered on one Roll. At the Head therefore of a Roll, which is indorsed, Ç Prima Pars Rotulorum Parliamentorum de Anno Regni Regis Georgii Tertii,Ó [specifying the Tear of the Kings Reign, fife.] is written the following Introduction.

Ò In Parliamento inchoato et tento, apud [Place and Date] communi omnium Dominorum tam Spiritualium quam Temporalium et Communitatis consensu, ac Regia Majestatis assensu, sancita inaftitata ordinata et stabilita fuerunt sequentia hate Statuta: Videlicet.

Publics Acts.

1. An Act [ Title and Date of passing."]

Then follows the Ad at length, and at the End the IVords only of the Royal Assent.

Le Roy le veut.

[or otherwise as the Nature of the Ad requires.]

2. An Act [£ifr. in the same Form exadly.]

On this Roll, and on subsequent Rolls of the same Parliament, indorsed Ò Secunda ParsÓ Ò Tertia ParsÓ &c. K Rotulorum Parliamentorum de Anno Ó &c. as on the First Roll, all the Public Afts of the .Session are in like Manner entered: And at the Bottom of the last Roll, or Part, in the Hand-writing of the Clerk of the Parliaments is the following Certificate. Ò Concordat cum Originali. George Rose Cler Parliamento?.Ó

This Certificate refers to the Original Bills which, having received the Royal Assent in Parliament, became Acts, and are preserved in the Parliament Office at Westminster.

The Acts of the Parliament 49 Geo. III. occupy Fifty-five Rolls.

3. With respeft to the certifying into Chancery of Statutes and Private Acts.ÑPrivate Acts of which Evidence has been required, have been from Time to Time specially certified into Chancery by the Clerk of the Parliaments, in Answer to a Writ issued for that Purpose; in which Cases the Writ, with the Return thereto by the Clerk of the Parliaments, containing the Tenor of the Act, has always been exemplified under the Great Seal. There appears only one Instance of any Aft so certified before 25 Hen. VIII. viz. one of 6 Hen. VIII. and the Aft thus certified is contained in the general Inrollment of its proper Year, as are also several of the Afts certified on subsequent Occasions, as late as 35 Eliz. The Afts thus certified are kept in the Certiorari Bundles, separate from the regular Inrollments of the respeftive Years.

The Praftice of certifying Private Afts into Chancery has not of late Years been uniformly observed, Copies being obtained from the Original Aft in the Parliament Office: The Inconvenience attending this Irregularity has been partly remedied by the Introduction of a Clause at the end of some of the Local and Personal Acts, that the Act shall be printed by the KingÕs Printer, and that a Copy thereof so printed shall be Evidence ; but many Local and Personal Acts are passed without this Clause.

The Mode of transmitting and certifying Statutes into Chancery, in Ireland, will appear clearly from the following Particulars, abridged from the Journals of the House of Lords in that Kingdom, in the Year 1758, vol.iv. pa. 109, 113 & 117.

On the 3d of February 1758, It was 44 Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect into the State of the Parliament Office, and inquire in what Manner the Rolls of Parliament are now kept, and how disposed of.Ó On the 20th of the same Month, the Lords Committees made a Report accordingly : In this Report they stated, that previous to the Year 17x5 the Original Acts, and the Transcripts, of them from Parliament into Chancery, were lodged at the Rolls Office ; and that subsequent to that Period the Acts and Transcripts were lodged in the Parliament Office: and they expressed their Opinion, that all Original Acts ought to be kept in the Parliament Office; and that Transcripts, duly certified by the Clerk of the Parliament, and returned on Writs of Certiorari, ought to be lodged in the Rolls Office; by which means, in case of Accident, the Loss of the Records of one Office might be supplied by those in the other.

Annexed to this Report of the Lords was an Appendix, containing a Report of Me. Lodge, Deputy Clerk and Keeper of the Rolls in Ireland, on the Contents of those Rolls. In this Report the following Particulars are stated :

44 The Parliament Rolls remaining of Record in the Rolls Office of His MajestyÕs High Court of Chancery in Ireland, begin with the Fifth Year of King Henry VI. which Roll hath this Title: 4 Ac! in Parliamento Dtii Regis ten apud Dublin coram Jacobo le Botiller Comit de Ormond Justid ipsius Dni Regis Terras suae Hibemiae, Die Veneris prox post festum SÕ1 Cuthberti Epi et Confessoris anno Regni Regis Henrici sexti quinto.' And is thus indorsed upon the last Skin: 4 Mem qd xviij. Die Septembr Anno r. r. Henrici Sexti sexto, Venerabilis in X"Õ Pater RiCus Archiepus Dublin, Cancellar ipsius Dni Regis Hibe, recepit apud Trym istum tenorem Actus Parlti unde in isto tenore spial' fit mentio, ex deliberatione Thom Broii Cler diqti Parfti, decreto consideratione et auctoritate ejusdem Parfti, secdum formam decreti considerations & auctoritatis supradictop.Õ

Ò The Roll of the Eighteenth Henry VT. is subscribed 4 Thom Broii Cficus Parliament.Õ

Ò The Roll of the Twenty-ninth of Henry VI. is thus indorsedÑ4 Memord quod Hugo Wogan Cficus Parliament-! Dni Regis Hibemie deliberavit Rotulum quorundam Ordinationum Siatuto^ et Actuum Magni Concilii infra specifics? contiii, xxiÓ Die Martii anno regni Regis Hen Sexti vicesimo nono, Johanni Chevi? Clerico ac Custodi Rotulojp Cancellar Dni Regis Hibemiae.Õ

44 The Roll of the Thirty-third of Henry VI. is indorsedÑ4 Memorand qd vicesimo die Junii anno regni Regis Henrici Sexti tricesimo tertio, Hugo Wogan Clericus Parliamenf deliberavit hunc Rotulum Johi Chevir Ctico ac Custodi Rotulorum Cancellar dicti Dni Regis Terrae suae Hibemiae.'

s


Ò The Roll of the Eighth of Henry VII. ig thus indorsed on the last Skin but oneÑÔ Memofd qd Die Octobr anno r. r. Henrici VII. nono. Jacobus Colyn deliberavit hunc Rotulura Tho Botiller Ctico Rotlop Can?.Õ

Ò The only Roll of King Janies I, in the Eleventh Year of his Reign hath a Writ of Certiorari annexed, directed to Thomas Chetham Esquire, Clerk of the Parliaments, to return into Chancery the Tenor of all the Acts and Statutes enacted in the Parliament held at the Castle of Dublin 18th May, Art* 11¡, and continued by several Pro- rogations to 24th Octoher, 13% dated 25th August, 15¡ Jac. L And at the Foot of the Roll is this Certificate, * Ego Tho Chetham Af Cleric Parliamentor hujus Regni Hibernia, virtute Brevis supradict Dni Regis mihi direct et huic Rotulo annex, certifico quod in hoc Rotulo continetur ver tenor omnium & singulorum Actuum Parliament & Statut in Parliament supradicto fact stabilit & inactitat, in Brevi praedict specificat. In cujus rei testimon Sigillum Nomenque meutn apposui atque subscripsi. Dal ult¡ Die Septembf Anno Regni supra- diet Dni Regis Anglia, Franciae, & Hibernia decimo quinto, & Scotia quinquagesimo. Tho. Chetham.Õ

Ò The Roll of the Tenth of Charles I. is thus certified,Ñ* I John Percevall, one of the Executors of Sir Philip Percevall Knt, late Clerk of the Parliaments, do hereby certify, by virtue of the above Writ out of His HighnessÕ Court of Chancery to me directed, and hereunto annexed, that this Roll is the true Contents of the above Ails of Parliament in that Writ mentioned. In Witness whereof I have hereunto put my Hand and Seal. Dated this 15th Day of December in the Year of our Lord God One thousand six hundred and fifty-six.

John Percevall.Õ

M Returns of the like Tenor are made by the said Sir John Percevall to the Rolls of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the said King ; but the Writs of Certiorari referred to are not annexed to the Rolls.

Ò In the Sixteenth Year is a Private Aft concerning Richard Earl of Cork and John Bishop of Waterford, intifled, Ô Quoddam Aftum Parliament editum,Õ &c. to which is annexed a Writ of Certiorari, direfted to Sir Philip Percevall Knight, Clerk of the Parliaments, to return the Tenor of the said Aft into Chancery, dated 11 th December 16¡ Car. I. which Writ is thus indorsed:ÑÔ Executio istius Brevis patet in Schedula eidem annex. Phit Percevall.ÕÑAnd at the Bottom is this Certificate, * Ego Philippus Percevall Mil Cficus Parliam, virtute Brevis supradict Dni Regis mihi direct & hiis annex, certifico superius hoc scriptum verum esse tenorem aftus Parliamenti supradict in eo Brevi express. In cujus rei testimon Sigillum Nomenc^ meum apposui atque sub.scripsi. Dat vicesimo Die Februarii, Anno Regni supradict Dni Regis Angliae, Scoriae, Francie, & Hibemie, decimo sexto. Phit Percevall.Ó

Ò The Afts of King Charles II. in the Parliament held from 8th May 130, to 8th August 18Ó, are contained in Seven Rolls, with a Writ of Certiorari annexed to the First Roll, direfted to Sir George Lane Knight, Clerk of the Parliaments, to return into Chancery the Tenor of the Afts enafted during the said Parliament, dated 21st February, i9¡Car. II. indorsedÑÔ Executio hujus Brevis patet in quibusdam Schedulis huic Brevi annexat.

Job Keating Dep Clef Part.Õ

Ò To the Roll of the Fourth of Will, and Mary is annexed a Writ of Certiorari, direfted to John Smith Esq. Clerk of the Parliaments, to return into Chancery the Tenor of all the Afts enafted in the Parliament held 5th Oftober 40 Gul. and Mar. and continued by several Prorogations to 26th June 50 Gul. and Mar. dated 15th January 6¡ Queen Anne, indorsedÑÔ Executio hujus Brevis patet in quadam Schedula huic Brevi annexat.

Ô Sic rec-. John Smith, Clef Parliament.Õ

Ò To the Roll of the Seventh of King William is annexed a Writ of Certiorari, of the same Date with the fore.going, to return into Chancery the Tenor of all the Afts enafted in the Parliament begun 27th August 7¡ Gul. and continued to 14th June, 1i¡ ; indorsed as the aforesaid Writ.

Ò To the Roll of the Second and subsequent Years to the 10th of Queen Anne is annexed a Writ of Certiorari, of which the following is a Copy; and which is similar in its Tenor to the other more antient Writs of Certiorari before mentioned.

Original Ada at Parliament Office ;Ñ Transcripts at Rolls.

W rits of Certiorari.

Duplicates.

Certiorari, at the End of each Session.

Ò Anna Dei Gfa Magn Britan, Fran? & Hibn Regin Fidei Defens, 8cc. Dilect & Fidel nfo Johan Smith Aro Cleri? Parliament nfor Saltm. Volentes certis de Causis Certioraf de & sup tenore omii & singul Aftuu Parlia.ment & Statut in Parliament nfo apud Doth coiter vocat Chichester House in Com Civit Dublin, vicesimo primo Die Septembris, Anno rni nfi secundo inchoat & ibm ten, ac deinde p divers Prorogation hucusq, ten & continual, fact stabilit et inaftifat, tibi mandamus quod tenorem omii et singulo^ Act et Statut predict, cum omnibus ea tangentibus, nohis in Can Hibn distincte & aperte sine dilone mitt una cum hoc Bre. Test pdileef et ppm fide! Consiliaf nr Constant Phipps Mil, Cane nfo Riii nfi predict, & Ricardo Ingoldsby Aro Justi? & Genat Gufenator nfo diet rni nfi Hib, apud Dublin vicesimo quarto Die Januar Anno riii nri decimo.

Berkeley Mro Rotulo^.Ó

On the 23d of February 1758, the House of Lords came to the following, among other, Resolutions:

Ò That the Parliament Office is the proper Repository for the Original Acts passed in this Realm; and that Transcripts of the said Acts, certified in due Form, ought to be in the Rolls Office, there to remain of Record.

Ò That the antient Usage has been to issue Writs of Certiorari from Time to Time out of the Court of Chancery, requiring the Clerk of the Parliaments to return the Tenor of all Acts: But it does not appear to this House that any such Writ has been issued for this Purpose since the Year 1711.

Ò That it is highly expedient that all Original Acts, of which Transcripts have been duly certified into the Court of Chancery, should be lodged with the Clerk of the Parliaments: That a Writ of Certiorari should be immediately issued requiring the said Clerk to return the Tenor of all Acts, passed in this Kingdom since the Year 1711, into His MajestyÕs Court of Chancery; and that from henceforth a Writ of Certiorari should be regularly issued for the like Purpose at the Close of every Session.Ó


Notwithstanding the foregoing Proceedings, it does not appear that the Measures suggested were carried into Effect. On an Examination made, by two Sub-Commissioners on the Records, in the Year 1806, at the Rolls Office in Dublin, some Rolls of the Acts between 1711 and 1758 were found, but not signed or certified by the Clerk of the Parliament; and it is observable that the Heads or Introductions of those Rolls are cut off. From 1758 to the Time of the Union between Great Britain and Ireland, instead of the whole Body of Acts being certified authentically into Chancery at the End of each Session, as required by the last of the foregoing Resolutions, Copies of each separate Act, uncertified, were delivered into the Rolls Office, and put by without Regularity or Method, and without any Calendar at Index to them being made.ÑSee Report of Searches, by order of the Commissioners on Public Records, 1806: Ordered, by the House of Lords, to be printed 30 June 1807.

n.

With respect to Exemplifications of Statutes from Chancery after they have been transmitted thither, Two Instances will fully explain the Nature of the Proceeding: the one shewing the Mode of sending an Exem.plification by Mittimus to the Court where it is to be used in Evidence; the other giving the exaft Form of Exemplification now in use.

1. In Hilary Term 20 Geo. II. John Murray of Broughton being brought to the Bar of the Court of KingÕs Bench by Habeas Corpus direfted to the Lieutenant of the Tower, a Record was read to him, containing a Writ of Mittimus, with which was sent the Tenour of a Writ of Certiorari direfted to the Clerk of the Parliaments, and also the Return indorsed upon the Back of the Writ. The Certiorari required the Clerk of the Parliaments to send to the King in Chancery the Tenour of an Act indtled Ô An Aft to attaint Alexander Earl of Kellie [and others, among whom was John Murray] of High Treason, if they did not render themselves on or before the 12th Day of July 1746.Õ In a Schedule annexed to this Writ of Certiorari the said Aft was transcribed ; and the Clerk of the Parliaments certified that what was therein above written was the true Tenour of the Aft of Parliament in the Writ expressed. Upon this Occasion the Prisoner, ore tenus, pleaded that he did surrender himself within the Time prescribed by the Aft, and the Attorney General, by Authority from the King, confessed the Truth of the PrisonerÕs Plea; and the Court ordered the PrisonerÕs Plea and the Attorney GeneralÕs Confession to be recorded. The Writ of Certiorari itself was issued from the Petty Bag Office and remains there now with the Tenour of the Aft as transmitted, an Exemplification of which only was sent into the KingÕs Bench.'

2. The following is the Form of Exemplification of an Act, from Chancery. It was used for the Purpose of sending to Ireland an authentic Copy of the Aft, passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland. The usual Inrollment in Chancery of all the Public Afts, passed in the Parliament in which that Aft received the Royal Assent, not having been made up, at the Time when an authentic Transcript of the Aft was wanted, the Tenour of the Aft was transmitted into Chancery by the Clerk of the Parliaments on a Certiorari direfted to him, and the Aft was then exemplified from Chancery, as follows :

Ò GEORGE the Third by the Grace of God King of Great Britain France and Ireland Defender of the Faith and so forth, To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. We have inspefted our Writ of Certiorari issued out of our Court of Chancery bearing date at Westminster the first day of August in the Fortieth Year of our Reign together with the Return made on the back of the same Writ remaining of Record on the Files of our said Chancery in these Words to wit: George the Third by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth ; To our beloved and faithful George Rose Esq' Clerk of our Parliaments Greeting : We being willing for certain reasons to be certified about the Tenour of a certain Aft made and ordained in our Parliament at Westminster in the Fortieth Year of our Reign intituled Ò An Aft for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland,Ó Command You, that the Tenor of the aforesaid Aft with all things relating thereunto under Your Seal distinftly and openly without Delay You send to Us in our Chancery and this Writ. Witness Ourself at Westminster the first day of August in the fortieth Year of our Reign. Yorke.ÑThe Execution of this Writ appears in a certain Schedule to this Writ annexed as within I am commanded; George Rose Clef Parliamentojs. We have inspefted also the Schedule annexed to the said Writ remaining likewise of Record on the Files of our said Chancery in these Words to wit.Ñ111 the Session of Parliament begun at Westminster the 24,h day of September in the Year of our Lord 1799 and holden in the 39th and 40th Years of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain France and Ireland King Defender of the Faith and so forth, by the Assent of the Lords as well Spiritual as Temporal and of the Commons and by the Assent of the King's Majesty the following Statute (amongst others) was ordained enacted and established to wit Ò An Aft for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.Ó The Tenor of which Aft follows in these Words Ò Ann 39¡ & 40¡ Georgii 3'" N¡ 241. Whereas in pursuance [6?c. copping the entire Ad to the End,] for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.Ó

I George Rose Esquire, Clerk of the Parliaments, by virtue of the Writ of our said Lord the King of Certiorari to me direfted, and to these presents annexed, Do certify that what is above written is the true Tenor of the Aft of Parliament abovesaid in that Writ expressed : In Witness whereof to this Schedule I have set my Seal and subscribed my Name dated the first day of August in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred. George Rose Cler Parliamentor. We therefore have caused the said Writ and the Schedule aforesaid to be exemplified.

In Witness whereof We have caused these our Letters to be made Patent; Witness Ourself at Westminster the Fourth Day of August in the Fortieth Year of our Reign.

ARDEN.1 KIPLING.Õ'*

' See FosterÕs Crown Law, pa.47Ñjo; State Trials, HargraveÕs Edit. Vol. ix. pa. 6joÑ670.

* Sir Richard Pepper Arden, Master of the Rolls. * Mr. Kipling, Clerk of the Records in the Rolls Chapel.

Inspeximus

of Certiorari and Return.

Certiorari.

Return.

In.-peximus of Schedule containing the Aft, kc.

Certificate of Cler. Pari.

Exemplification.

Teste.


12 Hen. VII.

( 1XX )

APPENDIX. F.

Observations on Original Acts and Instruments in the Parliament Office at fVeJlminJler, as compared with the Inrollments in Chancery, and the Journals of the House of Lords. Temp. Hen. VII. to Car. I.

THE Instruments in the Parliament Office commencing 11 Hen. VII. consist, in general, of Original Engrossments of Bills or Afts as they passed the respeftive Houses of Parliament and received the Royal Assent. These Instruments are all separate from each other; they are distinguished by Numbers, and tied up in Bundles, each of which ought to contain the respeftive Afts of the several Years, the Titles of which are entered in Calendars kept for that Purpose ; but length of Time has produced some Irregularities and Deficiencies.

When the Bill originated in the Lords, Soit bailie aux Commune is written on the Front, and sometimes also Missus a Dominis, signed by Cler. Pari, and then A cest Bill les Commune ont Assentus: If it originated in the Commons, then Soit bailie aux Seigneurs, and afterwards, A cest Bill les Seigneurs ont assentus: Where any Provisoes or Clauses have been tacked to the Bill as Riders, these are noticed in the Assent of the Lords and Commons to the Bill in a general Manner, ouesq' les Provisions annex ; and sometimes also in the Royal Assent. The Royal Assent or Refusal is indorsed ., and to those which receive the Royal Assent the Name of Henry R. is written by the King at the Top, and in some Instances both at Top and Bottom. Many Erasures and Interlineations appear on these Ads, with Memoranda annexed. In general there is nothing written on any of the Afts to ascertain in what Year or in what Parliament they passed ; they are all tied up separately, as Instruments uncon.nected with each other, otherwise than as being all rolled up together in one Roll of Parchment indorsed with the Year of the KingÕs Reign, and buckled round with a Thong of Leather. ÑMany Instances occur of Acts missing, and mentioned in the Calendar so to be.

The Rolls containing the Inrollment of the Afts of each Year in Chancery, commence with i Ric. III. and are continued to the present Time; on these Rolls the Afts inrolled are entered in a regular Series, numbered progres.sively as they are entered on the Roll, without Regard to the Number of the original Aft at the Parliament Office.

The Journals of the House of Lords do not commence till the First Year of Henry VIII; and the Journals of the Years 4, 5, 14 & 15, 21, 22, 23, 24, 26, and 27 Hen. VIII, and 1 Mary, Session 1 and 2, are not preserved. In several Years the existing Journals contain an Index Statutorum or List of Afts passed in each Session.

HENRY VII.

Anno 12 Hen. VII. The Roll in Chancery begins with the Forms of opening the Parliament, Names of Receivers and Triers of Petitions, the Eleftion and Presentation of the Speaker: None of these appear in the Parliament Office. The Instruments in the Parliament Office N¡ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, & 7, answer to N¡ 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, & 11, on the Roll in Chancery ; being Chapters 1 to 7 of the Public Afts as usually printed. The A<5 for Fifteenths and Tenths, and the AS for Subsidy, which are numbered 12 and 13 on the Roll in Chancery, are tacked together in the Parliament Office, N¡ 8, and between them is a Slip of Parchment, with the Proviso in Favour of the Colleges in the Two Universities, &c. which is at the End of the Subsidy Aft, No. 13, on the Roll.ÑSee the Printed Parliament Rolls, vol. vi. pa. 519. No. 13, and pa. 521.

Two Schedules with the Names of Commissioners for levying the Subsidy entered on the Roll, in Chancery, as having been annexed to the Subsidy Aft, do not appear at the Parliament Office.

The Bundle in the Parliament Office of this Year, 12 Hen. VII., contains a Letter or Writ on Paper, of which the following is a Copy :

H.R. By the King.

[The King's Signature.]

Trusty and welbeloued We grete You well And for somouche as we haue commaunded our Right trusty Counseillor the Maister of our Rollys to deliver unto you certain Rolles for thentre of the contynue of a bil of Prouiso signed wh oure hand of and vpon an Office by us graunted unto our trusty €uÔnt William Stafford Wee therfor Wol that when ye shall have duely entered the said bill of prouiso into the forsaid Rollys Ye Doo the same to be redeliuered again vnto oure said counseillo' And these our Ires shalbe Yo' Warrant in that behalue Yeuen under oure signet at oÕ palas of WestmÕ the furst day of Decembr the xiiijÔh Yere of our Reigne.

IndorsedÑTo our trusty and welbeloved the Clerc of our pliament.

The Proviso alluded to is annexed to the letter on a Slip of Parchment, signed by the King, and indorsedÑ

iiij decebr a¡ xiiij H. 7. irr' I Rotlo a¡ iij r. f. Henf vij.

This Proviso is entered on the Roll in Chancery of 3 Hen. VII. at the End of the Roll, after the Signature Ò J. Morgan,Ó who was Clerk of the Parliament in 3 Hen. VII. and is signed R. Hatton, who was Clerk of the Parliament in 12 Hen. VII. and 19 Hen. VII. No Parliament was holden in 14 Hen. VII. None of the Statutes 3 Hen. VII. are in the Parliament Office. See the Printed Rolls of Parliament, vol. vi. p.407, 408 ; See also a similar Instance, Printed Rolls, vol. v. p. 516. 4 Edw. IV. nu. 1 o.


This Bundle also contains Article* of Accusation against Thomas Yotten, the Town Clerk of York, on a Roll of Parchment, apparently incomplete: This does not appear to have been any Parliamentary Proceeding whatever.

The introduftory and concluding Forms to each A ft, Ò Item quedam Billa,Ó &c. and the Conclusion Ò Qua quidem Billa," &c. which during this Period are respectively inserted at the Beginning and End of each Ad on the Roll in Chancery, are never inserted on the Original Ad at the Parliament Office.

19 Hen. VII.ÑThe introdudory Forms of opening of the Parliament, &c. which as usual are on the Roll of Chancery, do not appear on any Instrument at the Parliament Office.

The Ad entered on the Roll in Chancery No. a. pro Principe, is wanting at the Parliament Office. The Act, For the Monastery of St. Saviour of Sion, No. 33. at the Parliament Office, is No. 6. on the Roll in Chancery. This Act provides that if the King shall at any Time during the Parliament &c. make any Covenant by Indentures with the said Convent respecting certain Matters mentioned, that such Indentures &c. shall stand and be as an Act of this present Parliament, and be of like Force, as if they were entered in Parliament, and in the Rolls of the said Parliament remaining of RecordÑNo. 7. on the Roll in Chancery is an Entry of an Indenture on the Subjed alluded to in No. 6. This does not appear in the Parliament Office.

No. 34. in the Parliament Office (a Subsidy Act) is No. 11. on the Roll in Chancery : The Schedule of Names annexed to this Ad is contained in the Parliament Office, in a long narrow Roll, consisting of many Rolls tacked together, and the Order of the Counties is different from what appears on the Roll in Chancery or the printed Copy of it. On the Roll at the Parliament Office several Places are inserted, and the Names of the Commis.sioners appointed crossed through. These are omitted on the Roll in Chancery.

No. 19. on the Roll in Chancery, Chapter 9. of the Public Ads as printed, is missing at the Parliament Office.

No. 24. in the Parliament Office, an Ad for Attainder of Lord Audley and others, is No. 21 on the Roll in Chancery : This Ad, in the Parliament Office, is contained in Two Sheets of Parchment and Two Riders or Provisoes, tacked all together ; One of these Sheets and both the Riders are signed H. R. but no Royal Assent appears indorsed on any of them.ÑIn the Bundle of this Year is the following Letter from the King to the Speaker of the House of Commons, direding the Erasure of the Name of Robert Symson from this Ad. On the Ad, as in the Parliament Office, an Erasure appears accordingly in various Places before the Name of John Watson. In the Roll all is fair, and the Royal Assent is entered.

H. R. By the King.

[ The King's Signature.]

Trusty and welbeloved we grete you wele And where as a bill of attaynder cam lately unto you to pass by the Assent of this present Parliament in the which Bill oon Robert Symson of our Citie of London gentilman is recited amongst other Rebellys to passe in the said Attayndre We for certain Causes us moving Wol and comand you to doo the name of the said Robert Symson by whatsoever Name or Names he be called to rased and strocken owte of the said Bill and these o' Ires shalbe your sufficient Warrant in that behalve. Yeven under our Signet at our Palais of Westm' the xxviij11Õ day of Marche.

IndorsedÑToour ¥ ¥ ¥ Dudley Speker [Sir Ed w. Dudley was Speaker this Year. See Rot.Pari. 19 H. VII.)

¥ * * Mordaunt Knight.

No. 8. in the Parliament Office is No. 27. on the Roll in Chancery, and Chapter 10 of the Public Afts as printed. The last Proviso to this Aft, in favour of H. Wyatt, was omitted in the old Editions of the Statutes, but was inserted by Cay. On the Roll in Chancery it appears that this Proviso was omitted at first to be entered, and was after.wards inserted in a Rider annexed, and signed Ò Ex'1 per me R. Hatton.Ó

On No. 27. in the Parliament Office, which is No. 32. on the Roll in Chancery, the Royal Assent is written twice.

No. 20. in the Parliament Office, respefting the Staple at Calais, is No. 3. on the Roll in Chancery. Tacked to No. 20. is an Instrument beginning Ò Also where,Ó &c. but which appears to have been a separate Bill, with separate Assent of both Houses and the King. The Royal Assent was first Ò Soit fait come il est desire,Ó but this is run through with a Pen, and Ò Le R. le veut,Ó written instead: This is entered on the Roll in Chancery nu. 33, as a separate Aft, with the latter Form of Assent; and is Chapter 22 of the Printed Afts Ò For Attornies and Faftors at Calais.Ó

The Bundle at the Parliament Office of this Year, 19 H. VII. also containsÑ1. A Roll of Names of Commis.sioners for the Subsidy, not belonging to this Year, nor on the Roll in Chancery, but probably belonging to 12 Hen. VII.Ñ2. The KingÕs Letter for Symson above stated.Ñ3. A Bill (Number 22.) to repeal an Aft, 4 H. IV. that Merchandize should be charged and discharged at the greate Ports of the Realm, and not in Creeks, £cc. Indorsed Le Roy se advisera. In the Calendar it is called Ò An Aft concerning Creeks, &c.Ó

HENRY VIII.

The Act for the Expences of the KingÕs Household, distinguished in the List of Acts contained in the modem Editions as Cap. 1. of the Private Acts, and being No. 1. on the Roll in Chancery, 1 Hen.VIII, is missing from the Bundle of that Year at the Parliament Office.ÑThe Act for Confirmation of Letters Patent to Queen Katherine for her Dower, No. 3. on the Roll in Chancery, and Cap. 3. in the printed List of the Private Afts, is also missing from the Bundle of that Year, but is included in the Bundle of 3 Hen.VIII. and the Title indorsed, in a Hand more modem than the Afts, 3 Hen.VIII.ÑOf the Act for the Limitation of Actions popular, Cap. 4. of the printed Acts, 1 Hen. VIII., two Copies appear at the Parliament Office; one with the Royal Assent, and the other with an

t

19 Hen. VII.

I Hen.VIII.


Indorsement of Le Roy sÕavisera. In the first, the Time of the Continuance of the Act, till the next Parliament, is written on an Erasure, and the Word Ò notwithstanding,Ó which is material to the Sense, is omitted, as it is also in the Roll in Chancery. In the other Copy at the Parliament Office, the Words, Ò till the next Parliament Ó are run through with a Pen, and the Words Òfor ever" added. In this Copy the Word Ò notwithstandingÓ appears : In all other Respefts the Copies are Duplicates of each other.

A Bill respefting Hunting, with tlLe Roy sÕavis era Ó indorsed, is contained in the Bundle of this First Year at the Parliament Office, as also a Recognizance, on Paper, from the Bishop of Coventry and Litchfield. In the same Bundle are also contained two Sets of Provisoes, but to what Afts they belong does not appear, nor are they contained in any Aft of i Hen. VIII. on the Roll in Chancery.ÑThere is also a separate single general Proviso in Favour of the Hanse Merchants, exempting them from the Operation of any Afts of that Session, which does not appear on the Roll in Chancery. These Provisoes are all signed by the King.

j Hen. VIII. To No. 4. in the Parliament Office, in the Bundle of 3 Hen. VIII., No. 9. on the Roll in Chancery for that Year, and printed as Chapter 4 of the Public Afts, for the Proteftion of Persons in the War, the Assent of the Commons is expressed, Ò oue le Schedule annex.Ó This Schedule contains loose Memoranda of a Proviso to be added to, and of various Alterations to be made in, the Aft. The Alterations are made on Erasures accordingly ; and in the Entry on the Roll in Chancery the Proviso is added, and the Aft entered as correfted. The Royal Assent or Signature does not appear to the Schedule in the Parliament Office.ÑTo Cap. it. No. 11, in the Parliament Office, respefting Physicians and Surgeons, a Memorandum is annexed Ò That Surgeons be included like as Physicians for preventing the Mischief of ignorant Persons presuming to exercise Surgery.Ó ' and every Thing relating to Surgery is accordingly interlined. This Aft is entered twice on the Roll in Chancery, No. t8. and No. 22. exaftly alike, and with the Insertions as to Surgeons.

To No. 21. in the Bundle of this Third Year in the Parliament Office, No. 1. on the Roll in Chancery, and Chapter 1. in the List of Private Afts, as printed in the modem Editions of the Statutes, three Provisoes annexed are signed by the King, and included in the Assent of the Commons. A separate Bill is also annexed, beginning, Ò Be it furthermore enafted,Ó with distinft Assent of the King, and of the Lords and Commons; all these are included in one Aft in the Roll in Chancery.ÑTo No. 23. in the Parliament Office, being No. 7. on the Roll in Chancery, which is a Subsidy Aft, the Royal Assent is endorsed on the Aft at length, Ò Le Roy remercie ses Coins, &c.Ó On the Roll the Assent is expressed, Ò Le Roy le veult.ÓÑNo. 8. on the Roll in Chancery is wanting at the Parliament Office.

No. 16. in the Bundle of this Year at the Parliament Office, is No. 4. on the Roll in Chancery, and Chapter 4. in the printed List of Private Afts. No. 17. in the Parliament Office, is No. 2. on the Roll in Chancery, and Chapter 2. in the printed List of Private Acts. No. 16. and 17. in the Parliament Office, are both indorsed, Ò Soit fait, fkc. oue les Provisions a y celles annexes.Ó 'l'o No. 17. there are twenty-five Provisoes annexed, in separate Slips of Parchment; to No. 16. no Provisoes are now annexed : It appears, however, that eight of the twenty-five Provisoes annexed to No. 17. belong to No. 16. and these are accordingly so entered on the Roll in Chancery. All these Provisoes are signed Ò Henry R.Ó in the KingÕs Hand-Writing. One is indorsed Ò Le Roi le veut.Ó On the Front of another is written, in a Hand quite different from the Text of the Proviso,

Ò Vacat p expressum ) p me Edum Sutton meum consesum j Dom. Dudley.Ó

But no Notice is taken of this in the Roll in Chancery, where this Proviso is regularly entered in the same Manner as the other Provisoes. On the Face of one of the Provisoes is written, Ò By the King,Ó in the same Hand as the Body of the Proviso.

An. 5, 6, 7 Hen. VIII. Journal wanting in An. 5.

The Afts of the Years 5 Hen.VIII., 6 Hen. VIII., and 7 Hen. VIII. at the Parliament Office, appear to have been intermixed with each other, and afterwards arranged, and their Titles inserted in the Calendar, without Reference to the Roll in Chancery or to the Journals of the House of Lords : The Bundle of the 5th Year contains only ten Afts, the Titles of which appear in the Calendar as being all the Statutes of that Year. On the Roll in Chancery of that Year are nineteen Afts: The nine deficient Afts at the Parliament Office are mixed in the Bundles, and inserted in the Calendar, as of the 6th and 7th Years.

One of the Afts of the 7 th Year, Cap. 5. of the Public Afts, is missing from the Bundle at the Parliament Office, and so marked in the Calendar: And in the Bundle of the 6th Year, No. 28. is an Aft of the 4th Year.

To the Aft of Resumption of 6 Hen. VIII., No. 25. in the Parliament Office, among several other Riders or Schedules annexed was one in Favour of George Earl of Shrewsbury, which, by some Mistake, was omitted to be inserted in the Roll in Chancery when the Aft was there inrolled. See No. 8. on that Roll. To remedy this Defeft, the Original Rider or Schedule, signed with the KingÕs Hand, has been taken from the Instrument at the Parliament Office, and tacked to the Roll in Chancery, with a Reference to the Place where it should be inserted ; and to the Instrument at the Parliament Office is added a Copy of the said Rider or Schedule, with a Notice that the Original was so annexed to the Roll in Chancery.1 * *

1 This Memorandum is copied in the Edition by Cay} and all subsequent Editions.

* See LordsÕ Journals, vol. i. p. 48. Ò Mem. qd hodie ex mandate dni Cardinalis be alioj Dfiop mandat erat Ctico Plmti qd

annecteret aftui resumptionis quandam provisionem regia manu signatum pro Georgio Comiti Salop: et qd eandem provisionem faceret irrotulari in Rotulo Ptmti.Ó

None of the Afts of the two Sessions of Parliament, the one holden in 14 & 15 Hen. VIII. and the other in it Hen. VIII. are to be found in the Parliament Office; nor is any Notice taken, in any of the Calendars or Indexes there, of any Afts passed in either of those Years : Nor is there any Journal of the House of Lords for those Years. The Afts, however, are entered on the respeftive Rolls of each Year in Chancery. Several Acts on the Roll of the Session 14 & 15 Hen.VIII. want the Form of the Royal Assent at the End of the Aft; but this is supplied by the very full and explicit Conclusion of the Roll, which states the Royal Assent being given at the End of the Parliament to all the Public Acts, which were read Ò per initia Ó for that Purpose.

The two last Articles on the Roll in Chancery, of the 23d Year, No. 33. and 34 ; No. 33. entitled, Ò An Aft concerning Restraint of Payment of Annates to the See of RomeNo. 34. entitled Ò The Ratification of the Aft restraining the Payment of Annates to the See of Romeare wanting at the Parliament Office. Some remark.able Circumstances respefting these two Articles, and also one in the 2jth Year, shall here be stated.

The first of these, N0.33. is not inserted in the old Editions among the Statutes 23 Henry VIII; but is printed in PickeringÕs Statutes, vol. iv. pa. 247Ñ251 ; and Ruff headÕs Appendix, pa. 117, as Cap. 20 of that Year. It contains, towards the Conclusion of it, a Proviso that the King may, at any Time on this Side the Beginning of the next Parliament, Ò by his Letters Patents under his Great Seal, to be made and to be entered of Record in the Roll of this present Parliament,Ó have Power to declare whether the Aft shall take place as a Statute or not. After the Ingrossment of the Aft on the Roll are added, very unusually, the Forms written on the Bill to signify the several Assents of the two Houses ; viz. Ò Soit bailie aux Communs.Ó Ò A cest Bille les Communs ont assentus.Ó In a different Hand writing, and apparently written some short Time afterwards, the usual Form of the Royal Assent is added;ÑÒ Cui quidem Bille plecte & ad plenum intellecte p dcum Dnum Regem ex assensu & auctoritate plmenti predicti taliter responsutn est; Le Roy le volt.ÓÑThen follows on the Roll. Ò Memorandum quod nono die Julii, anno regni Regis Henrici octavi vicesimo quinto, Idem Dns Rex per lireras suas patentes sub Magno Sigillo suo sigillat, actum predictum ratificavit, et actui illo assensum suum regium dedit, put per easdem literas patentes cujus tenor sequitur in hec verba, magis apte constat.

Ò Rex Obj ad quos, &c. Saltern. Inspeximus quendam actum editum in plmto nostro inchoato tertio die Novemb? anno regni nri vicesimo primo & abinde p diversas progacoes & adhuc continual; cujus quidem actus tenor sequitur in hec verba. Forasmuch [repeating the Ad verbatim from Beginning to End] in any Manner wise. Sciatis qd nos Deum p oculis habentes, ac commodum pficuum & utilitatem regni nri 8c subdito^ nfop put cura regali astringimur intime considerantes, actum predict ac omnia & singula in eodem content et superius specificaf p nobis heredibj & successoribj hris Ratificavim9 acceptavimus approbavimus Sc confirmavimus, ac per presentes ratificam9 acceptam9 approbam9 et confirmam9, Sc actui illo regium nrm assensum damus : Necnon actum ilium ac omnes et singulas clausulas et sentencias in eodem contenf pro communi militate et proficuum regni nri observari obediri ac in executionem poni & demandari volumus decernimus declaramus et precipimus, p presentes ratum & gratum lientes et fiitur totum & quicquid in eodem actu continetur. In cujus rei, &c. T. R. apud Westih nono die Julii anno regni nil vicesimo quinto.Ó

As before observed, neither the original Act nor the Ratification appear in the Parliament Office.

In the 25th Year of Hen. VIII. the Act printed in all Editions as Cap. 21. of that Year, intituled in the modern Editions, Ò The Aft concerning Peter Pence and Dispensations Ó contains a Power to the King to declare the Time when the Act shall commence, Ò by Letters to be enrolled in the Parliament Roll,Ó and also, a Power to annul the Act by like Letters Patents. In the original at the Parliament Office, these Provisions are contained in a Schedule annexed to the Act; they are not printed in any Edition of the Statutes previous to CayÕs, in which and subsequent Editions they are numbered as Sections 28, and 29 at the Conclusion of the Act. The Words Ò Soit fait come il est desire Ó are written at the Top of the Act; but in the Roll in Chancery, No. 27, the Act is intro- duced and concluded by the usual Forms of a Publick Act, and the Answer is Le Roy le veult; after which is entered a Memorandum similar to that annexed to 23 Hen. VIII. No. 33. except the Date of the Letters Patent, which is Ò 7 April, 25 Hen. VIII.Ó a few Days after the rising of the Parliament ; and then, Ò Rex Oib3, &c. Inspeximus, &c. \_Reciting the Ad verbatim] Sciatis quod nos Statutum predictum pro communi utilitate regni nri & subditop nrop fore considerantes, ac ad humilem peticionem tocius communitatis dicti nri plihii processur, ad quern subditop tirop peticoem graciose moti & inclinati sumus, Statutum predictum & omnia & singula in eodem contenf, excepta ilia clausula quod statutum illud non incipiet cape effectum ante festum nativitatis Sci Joftis Bapte px futur, ratificavimus acceptavimus approbavimus et confirmavimus, ac p presentes literas nras patentes ratificamus acceptamus approbamus & confirmamus: Ac statutum illud & omnia & singula in eodem specificaf, excepf pexcepf, juxta auctoritatem nobis in quadam provisione eidem Statuto annex concessam, volumus declaramus & firmiter injungendo mandamus in executionem poni & demandari immediate post diem daf present: Ita quod, immediate post diem daf presenciu, Statutum illud incipiet capere effectum et in oibj reputabitur in effectu ; et qd debite utetur obedietur et observabitur juxta tenorem ejusdem ; aliqua clausula pvisionis in eodem Statuto contenf sive eidem annex in contrarium, in aliquo non obstante. In cujus Rei Testimonium has literas nras fieri fecimus patentes in rotulo dci phnti nri juxta tenorem & provisionem statuti predicti irrotuland. Teste me ipo apud Westni septimo die Aprilis anno regni nri vicesimo quinto.Ó The Instrument of Ratification does not appear at the Parliament Office.

Many Instances occur, in the Afts 26 Hen. VIII., where no Form whatever of Royal Assent appears on the Instruments at the Parliament Office, but the regular Forms appear on the Roll in Chancery. Several Instances also occur where the Form of the Royal Assent is different on the Roll to that which appears at the Parliament Office.

AÇ-14> ÇJ Hen. VIII. aiHen.VIII. Journal wanting.

a3Hen.VIII.

Journal

wanting.

The Ratification of the Aft restraining the Payment of Annates to the See of Rome.

34-

25HenVIII.

26 H.VJII.

Journal

wanting.


33 H.VIII.

Commission for giving the RoydlAssent.

In anno 33 Hen. VIII. occurs what is believed to be the First Instance of the Royal Assent being given' by Commission: unless the Proceedings in An. 23 and 25, already stated, may be considered in that Light. It appears by the Journals of the House of Lordsthat the Chancellor produced two A£ts agreed to by the Lords and Commons, one for the Attainder of the Queen and her Accomplices, and the other for proceeding against Lunaticks in Cases of Treason ; each A£t being signed by the King; and the Royal Assent being signified by a Commission under the Great Seal signed by the King, and annexed to both the A£ls. And thereupon the Lords agreed to call for the Commons, that in the Presence of both Houses the Authority of Law may be given to both the Ads, which was done; Ò quod et fadum est.Ó Meanwhile the Commons arrived ; and the Duke of Suffolk made a Report from the Committee ordered to attend the Queen, that she acknowledged hfcr Crime, and prayed Indulgence. This is all that appears on the Journal respeding these two Ads. The Com.mission is not, as in subsequent Cases, given at Length in the Journal, but the original Instrument is preserved at the Parliament Office, to which both the Ads are attached, and the Whole is joined together by the Label which holds the Great Seal. These are preserved in the Bundle, and entered ia the Calendar of the 37th Year, at the Par liament Office, instead of the 33d. The following is a Copy of this Commission:

Ò HENRY £

Henry the Eight, by the Grace of God King of Englonde, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faithe and of the Church of Englonde, and also of Ireland, in Erthe the Supreme Head. To our right trusty and right well beloved the Lords Spuall and Temporall, and to our trusty and right well beloved the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, Greeting : We have seen and pfightlie understood two Adis and Ordinances annexed and affyled to these Presents, agreed and accorded by you our loving Subjedls the said Lords Spuall and Temporall and the said Commons in this our present Parliament assembled, and severally endocyde by you as hath been accustomed ; The one of the said Adis concerning the Attainder of the Queene and other her Complices, and the other concerning a Law and Ordinance divysed for suche Persons which after their Confessions or Conviccions of Treason shall happen to fall mad or lunatick, with diverse Clauses, Articles, and Provisions conteyned in either of the said Adis : And forasmuch as ye our said Subjedls the said Lords and Commons have most humblie desired us, amongst other Things, by the Contents of one of the said Adis concerning the Attainder of the Quene and other her Complices for diuers Respedts and Considerations therein expressed, and for the speedy Execuuon thereof, to put thereunto our Royal Assent by our Letters Patent to be assigned with oure Hande and sealed with our Great Seale, We have therefore at your humble Contemplacion and Desire, caused these our Letters Patent to be made, and have signed and caused the same to be sealed accordingly, and by the same declare and notify, as well to you the said Lords Spuall and Temporall and Commons aforesaid, as to all and singular other our loving Subjedls, that We, in Accomplishment of your humble Desyres, by these presents do putt our Royal Assent to the said Acte and Ordinaunce concerning the Attainder of the Quene and other her Complices therein named, and to all Articles, Clauses, and Provisions therein contained; and also for divers Considerations us moving, do put our Royal Assent to the other said Act dyvised for such Persons as after their Confessions or Conviccions of Treason happen to fall madd or lunatick, and to all Clauses, Articles, and Provisions therein conteyned; and be fully agreed and assented to both the said A£ls: Willing that the said A£ts, and every Article, Clause, Sentence, and Provision therein conteyned from hence.forth shall be of the same Strength, Force, and Effect, as if We had been personally present in the higher House, and had openly and publickly in the Presence of you all assented to the same; Commanding also by these Presents as well our Chancellor of England to seal these our Letters Patent with our Great Seal, and to declare and notify this our Royal Assent, in our Absence in the higher House, in the Presence of you the said Lords Spuall and Temporall and Commons of our Parliament, there to be assembled for that Purpose, as the Clerk of our Parliament to endoce the said A£ts with such Terms and Words in our Name as is requisite and hath been accustomed for the same, and also to enroll these our Letters Patent in the Parliament Roll; and these our Letters Patent shall be to every of them sufficient Warrant in that Behalf; and for more surety hereof we have assigned the said A£ts with our Hand ; and finally declare and will, that after this our Royal Assent passed by these Presents, and declared and notified as is afore.said, that then immediately the said Adis and every of them shall be taken, accepted, and admitted good, sufficient, and pfight, to all Entents, Constructions, and Purposes, and to be put in due Execution accordingly; the Conti.nuance of our Parliament, or any other Use, Custom, Thing or Things, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.Ó [No Date or Teste.l

These Adis have been printed as Chapters 20 and 21 of 33 Hen. VIII. in all Editions: But the Titles of them do not appear in the Index Statutorum at the End of the Journal of this 33d Year1, in which Forty-four Adis are specified. The Adi respedling Lunaticks having committed Treason [chapter 20.] is on the Roll in Chancery, [nu. 15.] but the Adi for the Attainder of the Queen [chapter 21.] is not found entered on that Roll; nor is the Commission for giving the Royal Assent, though required in the Commission to be entered thereon.1 There are Two Rolls in Chancery of this 33d Year, Duplicates, each containing only the same Twenty-two Ò Public AdisÓ of that Year, and no List of the Private Adis : The Printed Statutes contain Thirty-nine Chapters as Public Adis; but several of them relative to matters merely local or personal; and Ten Private Adis, Three of which are not specified in the Index Statutorum of this Year above mentioned.

1 Vol. I. pa. 176. * Journal, vol. 1. pa. 198.

3 This Adi contains the following Clauses: Ò Be it declared by Authority of this present Parliament, That the KingÕs Rpyal Assent by his Letters Patent under his Great Seal, and assigned with his hand, and declared and notified in his Absence to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and to the Commons, assembled together in the High House, is and ever was of as good strength and force as though the KingÕs Person had been there personally present, and had assented openly and publickly to the same.Ñ And Be it also enacted, That this Royal Assent, and all other Royal Assents hereafter to be so given by the King3 of this Realm, and notified as is aforesaid, shall be taken and reputed good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, without Doubt or Ambiguity; any Custom or Use to the contrary notwithstanding.Ó


The Index Statutorum of several Sessions in this Reign, does not agree accurately in its Contents, nor in its Arrangement, nor in the Titles of the Ads, either with the Roll in Chancery, or with the Calendar at the Parliament Office. The Index which is at the End of An. 34 8c 35 Hen. VIII.', is distinguished particularly by having, opposite to several of the Articles, Numbers, not in a regular Series, but which tally exadly with the Ads as numbered on the Roll in Chancery. The whole Number of Ads in this Index is Forty-eight; of which Thirty-six only are on the Roll in Chancery, and distinguished in this Index Statutorum by Numbers accordingly ; the litles very nearly, but not exadly agreeing. The Calendar of the Ads, and the corresponding Bundle in the Parliament Office for this Year also enumerate and contain Forty-eight Ads; but of these there are Two Numbers 37 and 47 in the Calendar, concerning some Estates of the Countess of Devon and Earl of Hertford, which do not appear either in the Roll in Chancery or in the Index Statutorum in the Journal; while Two which are contained as well on the Roll, No. 3, 4, as in the said Index, No. 12, 13, are omitted in the Calendar and Bundle at the Parliament Office: These are the Ads for the Subsidy of the Temporalty and of the Clergy. A further Instance of Inaccuracy is, that this Bundle does adually contain a Subsidy Ad of some preceding Year, but which is not noticed in the Calendar.

In Anno 35 Hen. VIII. all the Ads appear to have been passed by Commission. The Commission, and also the Ads which received the Royal Assent thereby, were required to be enrolled in the Parliament Roll *. But this Commission does not appear on the Roll in Chancery, nor is the Original to be found in the Bundle of that Year at the Parliament Office. The Royal Assent appears at the Top of the Front of the Ads, some of which have also the Royal Sign Manual at the Top, but some of them are without it; though the Omission of that Sanction appears unusual before this Time. The Acts are all separate, and no Intimation appears upon any of them of their having received the Royal Assent by Commission.

In the Journal of the Thirty-eighth Year, the last of King Henry the EighthÕs Reign, there appears a Commission Õ to give the Royal Assent to the Attainder of the Duke of Norfolk and the Earl of Surrey; as also an Entry of the Assent being given by the Commissioners, in the Presence of the Lords and Commons accordingly. There is no Roll in Chancery of the Parliament of this Year; and this appears to have been the only Ad passed in that Session, as the King died next day, and the Parliament was dissolved. The Commission, and the Ad for the Attainder annexed, are preserved in the Parliament Office, in the Bundle, and entered in the Calendar, of the Thirty-seventh Year. At the Bottom of the Commission, on the Left Hand, appears the KingÕs Sign Manual, remarkably fair. At the Top of the Ad are written the Words of Royal Assent Ò Soit fait Ó &c. But the Sign Manual is not upon the Ad.

MARY.

In the First Year of Queen Mary, Sess. 2. the Duke of Norfolk applied to make void the Ad of Attainder passed, as above mentioned, in 38 Hen.VIII., and an Ad was passed for that Purpose. See No. 34. on the Roll, 1 Mary, in Chancery ; and No. 27. of the Ads of that Year, in the Parliament Office ; the latter is thus endorsed : Ò Certificat in Cancellaf Dne nre regine xij¡ die Decembr A0 regni Regine Marie primo.Ó The Session ended on December 6. The Ad was not specially certified by itself into Chancery, nor otherwise than in the Parliament Roll of that Year, which is signed Ò Examinat et Certificaf p me Franciscum Spelman Cler Parliamento^.Ó Several other original Ads of this Year are indorsed with the Word Ò Certificat,Ó only. There is no Journal of this Session. The Contents of this Ad are important, in a general view, with relation to the Ratification and Evidence of an Ad of Parliament. It is classed in the later printed Editions as Cap. 13. of the List of Private Ads of 1 Mary, Sess. 2: but has never been printed at length in any Edition of the Statutes. The following is copied and abridged from the Roll in Chancery, which has been compared, and found to agree with the Original in the Parliament Office.

Ò In most hble wise sheweth unto your Highness, your humble and obedient Subjed and Suppliant, Thomas Duke of Norfolk; That where in the Second Session of the Parliament holden the 38th year of the Reign of your most noble Father K. Henry 8th, there was one Bill exhibited unto the same Parliament, the Tenor whereof hereafter ensueth : [Copy oj the BM~\. As by the same Bill more at large appeareth: Whiche Bill so exhibited was assented unto by the Lords and Commons of the same Parliament; and for the Royal Assent and Consent of the said King tq> be had to the said Bill, forasmuch as the said late King was then in such Extremity of Sickness and pile of Death that he could not psonally be in the Parliament Chamber as is accustomed, one Commission was direded in the Name of the said late King to the RÔ Hon. Tho' Wrotte.slye, [8cc. naming the Commissioners] the Tenor of which Commis.sion hereafter also ensueth: HENRICUS, [&c.] SalutemÑCum quedarn Petitio formam Adus Attindure versus Thomam ducem Norff et Henricum nuper Comitem Surr Nobis in presenti Parliamento nostro exhibits extitit, ac Domini et Magnates ac Communitas Regni nostri Anglie, in eodent presenti Parliamento nostro existentes, super Petitione predida ac de et super omnibus et singulis contentis et specificatis in eadem plenarie et totaliter concluserint et concordaverint; Nos eidem Petitioni, nec non omnibus et singulis super eadem conclusis et concordat^, Regium nostrum Assensum et Consensum duximus adhibendum et prebenJum: Sciatis igitur quod Nos, de fidclitatibus Industriis et providis C.ircumspedionibus vestris, plurimum confidentes, Assignavimus vos et ties vestrum, ac tcnore presentium damus vobis et tribus vestrum plenam Potestatem et Audoritatcm et Mandatum Speciulc,Petitioni predide, necnon omnibus et singulis conclusis et concordatis in presenti Parliamento predido super eadem petitione, Nostrum Regium Assensum & Consensum adhibendi et prebendi; et ideo vobis Mandamus quod circa premissa diligenter intendatis ac ea faciatis et txequamini indilate, cum efFcdu. Significamus eniin tenore presentium omnibus c.t singulis Dominis, Magnatibus, et Communitati didi Regni Anglie, in predido presenti Parliamento nostro existent, Nos ratum, gratum, et firmum haÕ ~ntes et habituros, totum et quicquid vos, vei tres vestrum, leceritis vel fecerint

34 & 35 Hen.VIII.

3S Hen.VIII.

3S Hen.VIII.

I Mary. Journal wanting.

An A&, declaring the supposed Attainder of Thomas Duke of Norfolk to be void.

34*

1 Journal, vol. I. pa. 235.

Ô Journal, vol. I. pa. 264- u

1 Journal, vol. I pa. 289.


i CÈr. [.

nomine nostro in premissis. In cajus rei Testimonium has Litteras Nostras fieri fecimus patentes. Teste meipsoapud Westm vicesimo septimo Januarii Anno Regni nostri 38¡.ÑAs by the same Commission affyled unto the said Bill more playnely also appeareth: By virtue of which Commission and at the Commandment of the said Commissioners in the Absence of the said late King there was entered in the hedd of the said Bill these Words following, viz. Ò Soit fait come il est desire:Ó And forasmuch, most gracious Sovereign Lady, as the Offence wherewith your said Suppliant and Subject was charged and whereof he was indited was for bearing of Arms which he and his Ancestors heretofore of long Time and Continuance had borne, as well within this Realm as without, and as well also in the Presence of the said late King as in the psence of divers of his pgenitors, [&c :] And forasmuch also as the said late King departed from this transient World in the Night next following after that the said Commission doth bear Date; and that by the Words contained in the said Commission it appeareth that the said late King did appoint the said Commissioners to give His MajestyÕs Royal Assent to the said Bill, having no Words in the same whereby it may appear that the said late King did himself give his Royal Assent to the said Bill, and for that also the said Commission was not signed with his Highness* Hand, but with his Stamp, put thereunto in the nether Part of the Writing of the said Commission, and not in the upper Part of the said Commission as His Highness was accustomed to do ; nor that it appeareth of any Record that the said Commissioners did give his Royal Assent to the Bill aforesaid j therefore all that was done by virtue of the said Commission by the said Commissioners concerning the giving of the said late KingÕs Royal Assent and Consent was clearly void in the Law, and made not the same Bill to take effect or to be an A cl of Parliament, nor Your GraceÕs said Subject thereby is not nor yet standeth as a Man attainted in the Law: All which notwithstanding, divers and sundry psons, taking Occasion by the Colour of the said Bill so assented unto as is aforesaid, do publish, say, and affirm, that Your HighnessÕ said Subject and Suppliant standeth and remaineth attainted of High Treason, to his great Slander, Infamy, and Dishe.rison : and over that the said Persons by sinister Means and Pradices have obtained certain Exemplifications under Your HighnessÕ Greate Seal of England to be made, of the said Bill only, as a Bill fully assented unto, as well by the said late King as by the Lords and Commons in the said Parliament assembled, making no mention in the said Exemplification of the same Commission (althoÕ the same be affiled and annexed unto the same Bill, and made as Parcel of the Record and a Demonstration of the whole Truth of the Matter) nor of any the Circumstances thereof: By the Means whereof, and other such like Praftices, which the Persons aforesaid do not cease daily to attempt, althoÕ the said Bill remaineth in very Deed as no Act of Parliament, but as a Bill only exhibited in the said Parliament, and only assented unto by the said Lords and Commons, and not by the said late King, for the Considerations aforesaid, yet the same might happen hereafter by reason of the said Exemplifications, and such like untrue Praftices, to be taken for a good and perfeft Aft, contrary to all Truth, whereby your said Suppliant and his Posterity may be hereafter in some Peril and Danger to be disinherited and shall be the less able to serve Your Highness and this Realm, if some convenient Remedy for the same, in this Time that the said untrue Praftices do rise and manifestly appear in the Conscience and Knowledge of them that be now living, be not therefore had and declared by Authority of Parliament: For the true and perfeft Declaration whereof it may please Your Highness that it be declared by the Authority of this present Parliament, That the Law of this Realm is and always hath been that the Royal Assent or Consent of the King or Kings of this Realm to any Aft of Parliament ought to be given in his own Royal Presence, being personally present in the Higher House of the Parliament, or by his Letters Patent under his Great Seal, assigned with his Hand, and declared and notified in his Absence to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons assembled together in the Higher House, according to the Statute made in the xxxiij'1 Year of the Reign of the said late King Henry the Eighth in that Case ordained and provided'; and that the said pretended Aft,whereby it is supposed your said Suppliant to be attainted, is by the common Laws of this your Realm void and of none Effeft, and by the Authority abovesaid shall be taken, adjudged, and deemed, to be no Aft of Parliament, and that it never took any Effeft as an Aft of Parliament, and that the same, by the Authority of this Aft, to all Intents and Purposes, is and shall be of no Value or Effeft, for the Causes aforesaid.

[ Proviso, that this Aft shall not affeft any Grants made of the said DukeÕs Lands by K. Edward VI.]

And be it further enafted, that all and singular Exemplifications heretofore had, made, obtained, or exemplified, at the Suit, Request, or Petition of any Person or Persons, or hereafter to be made, had, or exemplified, under the Great Seal of England, of the Tenor of the said pretended Aft, and wherein no Mention is or shall be contained or made of the Tenor of the said Commission and of the Entry of the Words of the Royal Assent entered by Authority ot the said Commission, shall be utterlie void and of none Effeft, and shall not be pleadable or answerable in any Court or Courts of Your Highness, Your Heirs or Successors, or elsewhere.

[The Duke of Norfolk may enter into Lands accordingly ;ÑSaving of Rents, Customs, and Services.]

[Proviso, That the Duke should not have the mean Profits.]

CHARLES, I.

Anno 1 Car. I.- In the Parliament Office all the Afts of this Session, nine in Number, are fastened together by means of a Label passed through the Bottom of all the several Rolls and Sheets of Parchment on which the Afts are respeftively written, and also through the Bottom of the Commission for giving the Royal Assent. Attached to this Label is the Great Seal; and the Grant of the Subsidy by the Clergy in Convocation is also authenticated ('

by the Seal of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Attestation of a Notary Public. The Afts are in separate Rolls or Sheets of Parchment, but are united by Means of the Commission and the Label thereto. They are written very badly, except that for the Subsidy of the Clergy, and have many Erasures, Interlineations, and Riders. On the Roll of this Session in Chancery, which appears to have been made up with great Care and Accuracy, the Commission is entered at length, and the Afts are very fairly engrossed. The Roll is signed H. F.Isjnge; but without any Words or Form of Certificate.

' Stat. 33 Hen.VIII. c. a:. See ante, pa. lxxiv, note 3.

Anno 3 Car. I.ÑIn the Parliament Office are preserved 27 separate Acts of rhis Session, the Titles of which 3 Car- are entered in the Calendar of that Year: Of the Roll of this Session in Chancery a Minute Description is here given; this being the latest Instance in which the ancient Form of the Parliament Roll has been preserved.

The Roll is thus indorsed :

Rotulus Parliament! de Anno Terdo Caroli Regis.

The following is an Abstract of the Contents of the RolL

Ò Rotulus Parliamenti ten? apud Westm die Lune decimo septimo die Marcii Anno regni serenissimi Dili nn Caroli Dei gra Anglie Scotie Francie & Hifeii Regis fidei defensoris &c. Pcio.

Ò Die Lune decimo septimo die Marcii Dns n? Rex & Dni Spuales & temporales, robis suis Parliamentarib} induti in CanJa Parliamentari se congregaverunt, et Mihtibj Civibj & Burgensibj de Domo Coi ibidem assemblal, ipe Dns nr Rex Solio suo regali sedens, causas Sumonicftis hujus Parliamenti narrare incepit Pbis sequentibj. videlt.

Ò My Lordf and Gentlemen [£9*0. reciting the KingÕs Speech in English verbatim: In the Entry on the Roll of 1 Car, I, the KingÕs Speech is translated into Latin..]

Ò Quibus dcis Thomas Coventry Miles Dns Custos magni Sigitt Angl ex mandato dci dni nn Regis causas Sumonicois pdce plixiore oracione dilatavit, sub forma sequeii; videlt.

Ò My Lordf and you the Knightf, &c.

Ò Oracione dca finita Dns nr Rex ut omibj se conqueri volentibj justicia posset celerius adhiberi noia Receptojt & Triatop peticonu in Parliamento pdco exhibendap legi pcepit; videlt."

[Then follow the Names, &c. of Receivers and Triers of Petitions ; and the Time appointed for receiving Petitions.']

Ò Et postea die Mercurii decimo nono die Marcii pdict, ipi de Domo Coi coram dno nro Rege in psencia Dnoj> spualKi & temporaliu assemblat Johem Finche Militem Prolocutorem suu elcm psentaverunt.

Ò Qui quidem Johes humili? a dno Rege se excusari petiit.

Ò Dns vero Custos magni Sigilli Angl ex parte Dili nfi Regis eleccbem Comuniu & cdmendavit & approbavit; ideoq, ipm Johem inde excusari noluit. Quamobrem Prolocutor pdCus Oracione eleganti phabita in conclu- sione ejusdem a diio nro Rege petiit Qd Dus Comuniu antiquis suis privileges gaudeant, ut ipi & famuli sui tempore Parliamenti imunes sint et in psonis et in bonis & catallis suis ab omi molestacoe arrcsta^, ut oracionis libtate sua^ tempore consultaconu fruant' utq, libtatem heant ad majestatem suam accedendi quavis urgente necessitate. Deniq, ut benigno sensu omes accbes oracionesq^ sue a Regia sua Majestate accipiantÕ. Ac p geniali & liba pardonacoe p seipo.

Ò Finita Prolocutoris Oracione pd5a ad singulas partes illius Oracionis, ex mandato Regis, singulari? respondebat Dns magni Sigilli Angl Custos Omesq^ suas Peticbes a diio nro Rege concessas fore juxta antiquos usus eo^dem privilegioij significabat.Ó

[ The Fourth Membrane of the Roll, not being fully occupied with this Entry, is filled up with Cross Lines: after which, on the succeeding Membranes are the following Entries,]

¥* Memorandum qd Dili Spuales & temporales, et ipsi de Domo coi in hoc Psenti Parliamento congregati sepius in? se consuluerunt de quadam Peticoe de R?o Dno Regi exhibenda. Que quidem Peticio die Mercurii vicesimo octavo die Maii, p ipos Diios & Comunes dco Dno Regi exhibita fuit: Eedemq, Peticbr Diis nr Rex regale suu responsum in pleno Parliamento dedit die Sabbi, septimo die Junii px sequeii. Cujus quidem Petic&is & responS tenor sequit' in hec vba ; videlt:

Ò The Peticion exhibited to his Majestie by the Lordf Spirituall and Temporall and Coihons in this psent Parliament assembled con&ning divers Rightf and Liberties of the Subject: (jWith the Kingf Majesties Royall Aunswere thereunto in full Parliament.]

Ò To the Kingf most Excellent Majestie.

Ò Humbi.y, &c. [ The Petition of Right is set forth verbatim as it appears in the Original Petition preserved at the Parliament Office No. 1. in the Bundle of this Tear; with the above Title indorsed thereon ; the Words in Brackets being there written in a different Ink and Hand-writing from the former Part of the Title. In all printed Editions this is placed as the first AH or Chapter of the Tear, though the next Chapter is numbered Chapter I. in the earliest Editions ; and in the modern EditionsÑI. (II.)]

Ò Qua quidem Petic&e lea & plenius intellda p ddm Dihn Regetn tali? esc rwponsum in pleno Parliamento videlt.

Ò Soit droit fait come est desire.Ó

['This Answer is written, on the Front, at the Top <f the Original Petition preserved in the Parliament Office.1 ]

1 For the Proceedings in Parliament respecting the obtaining of this Answer, the settling of the Title of the Petition, the inrolling of the Petition and Answer on the ltoll of Parliament, 8tc. and the printing the same among the Statutes, See Lords' Journals, vol. iii. pages 835, 843, 830, 862, 863, 867, 868, 8795 June 2, 7, 12, 18, 19, Sc 20: A. D. 1627 CommonsÕ Journal?, vol. i. pa. 908, 910, 911, 915, 916, 919; June 2, 3, 6, 7, 10, 12, 18, 20 Sc 26. See also, ante Appendix B. pa. lvij, and the Note there.


B-

An Aft for the confitmacion of the Subsidies graunted by the Clergie.

3-

li¡.

Ò Die Jovis vicesimo sexto die Junii Dno nro Rege Solio suo regali sedente, & Dnis spualib} & temporaiibj p*sentib3 ipi C5munes in CauSa Parliamentar admissi erant, ubi Prolocutor fPdfus (oracoe pposita) billam quinq, integrop subsidiop p temporalitat concess in se formam Actus continen d2o dno Regi p>sentavit : Que sequit' in hec verba:

Ò An Acte for the graunt of five entire Subsidies graunted by the Temporaltie.Ó

Ò Most Gracious Sovereigne, &c.

[The Aft set forth verbatim, as in the Original Aft, No. 8. in the Parliament Office:

Chapter VII. (VIII.) of the Public Afts in the Printed Statutes.]

Ò Qua quidem billa 12a & plenius intelica p d2m Dnm Regem de avisamento & assensu Dnop spualiu & tempo.raliu ac Coitatis in d2o Parliamento assemblat, ac authoritate ejusdem tali? est responsum vidett: Le Roy

remerciaunt toutes ses bones Subieftf, accepte leur benevolence, et ainsi le veult.

Ò Item quedam alia billa de confirmacbe Subsidioa concess p Clerum exhibita fuit Duo Regi, cujus tenor sequit' in hec Pba vidett:

Ò Where the Prelates,Ó &c.

[ The Aft set forth verbatim, as in the Original Aft, No. 9. in the Parliament Office:

Chapter VI. (VII.) of the Public Afts printed.]

Ò Qua quidem billa lea & plenius intelica p d2m Dnm Regem tali? est responsum, videlt: Le Roy remerciam

ses Prelatf accepte leur benevolence et ainsi le veult.Ó

An Aft for the further reformacion of sondry abuses edmitted on the Lordf day comonlie called Sonday.

a.

An Act to restraine the passing or sending of any to be popishly bred beyond the Seas.

S-

An Act for the better suppressingof unlicensed Alehouse keepers.

6.

An Act for contynuance and repeale of divers Statu:(.

Ò Item quedam alia billa in se formam Aftus continens, d2o dno Regi exhibita fuit, que sequit'

in hec 9ba, videlt:

Ò Forasmuch,Ó &c.

[ The Aft set forth verbatim as in the Original Aft, No. 1. in the Parliament Office:

Chapter I. (II.) of the Public Afts printed.]

Ò Qua quidem billa lea & plenius intelica p Diim nrm Regem, de avisamento & assensu Diiop spualiu & temporaliu, ac Comuniu, in dco Parliamento assemblat, ac authoritate ejusdem tali? est responsum, vidett:

Ò Le Roy le veult.Ó

[ The like Forms of Introduftion and Conclusion precede and follow the Entry of the ensuing Afts on the Roll.] Ò Forasmuch,Ó &c.

[No. 4. of the Afts in the Parliament Office : Chapter II. (III.) of the Public Afts printed.]

Ò Whereas,Ó &c.

[No. 3. of the Afts in the Parliament Office: Chapter III. (IV.) of the Public Afts printed.]

Ò Be it enacted,Ó &c.

[No. 7. of the Afts in the Parliament Office: Chapter IV. (V.) of the Public Afts printed.]

Ò Item quedam peticio in se formam Actus continens Duo nro Regi exhibita fuit, cujus tenor sequit' in hec 9ba vidett:

An Act forthe establishing of the Estates of the Tenantf ofBromlieldand Yale in the Countie of Denbigh, and of the tenures,rentf and servic(' thereupon reserved according to a late Composition made for the same with the Kingf most excellent Majestic then Prince of Wales.

8.

Ò In most humble manner doe beseech,Ó &c.

[No. 6. of the Afts in the Parliament Office: Chapter V. (VI.) of the Public Afts printed.]

Ò Qua quidem Peticoe lea & plenius intelica p d2m Dntn Regem de avisamento & assensu Dno£ spualiu & temporaliu ac Coitatis in dco Parliamento assemblat ac authoritate ejusdem tali? est responsum videtr. Soit fait come il est desire.Ó

Ò Item quedam Peticbes privatas personas concnentes in se formas Aftus continen exhibite fuerunt p>dco Diio Regi in Parliamento p>dco. Quap tituli subscribunt' videlt:

[Then follow the Titles of Nineteen Afts, numbered progressively 1 to 19 ; from which the List of Private Afts in the modern Printed Editions appears to have been copied; Chapter 1 .in that List answering to No. 1. of the Titles on the Roll, &c. The Numbers indorsed on the Originals of these several Afts, and entered in the Calendar at the Parliament Office, are different from those on the Roll in Chancery. In the Bundle of this Tear also, besides the several Afts, there is an Instrument indorsed * A Declaration of the Commons against Dr. Mainwaring,' which is referred to in the Calendar by a Duplicate No. 14.]

Ò Quibus lcis & plenius intellcis p Dnm Regein de avisamento & assensu Duop spualiu & temporaliu ac Cditatis in dco Parliamento existeh, ac authoritate ejusdem, tali? ut sequitÕ eisdem singillatim est responsum vidett:

Ò Soit fait come il est desire.Ó

Ò F.t postea p*dco vicesimo sexto die Junii d?us Dns Custos magni sigilli ex mandato Dili Reg' Parliamentum pPd2m usq^ in vicesimu diem Oftobr px futur progavit.

Ò Continet membrana 34. H. Etsynge."

Goa gl

e

APPENDIX. G.

MATTERS RELATING TO COLLECTIONS OF STATUTES,

PUBLISHED BY ROYAL OR PARLIAMENTARY AUTHORITY.

I. In Scotland. II. In Ireland.

I. i. The Scottish Acts published by Henrison, 1566.

The following is a Copy of the Title of this Volume:

THE ACTIS AND CONSTITUTIOUNIS of the Realme of Scotland maid in Parliamentis haldin be the rycht excellent, hie and mychtie Princeis Kingis James the First, Secundy Thrid\ Feirdy Fyft, and in tyme of Marie now Quene of Scottisy viseity cor re flit, and extraSlit furth of the Registers be the Lord'ts Depute be speciall commissioun thairto. Anno Do. 1566.

THE KING AND QUEENIS GRACE PRIVILEGE'

Grantit for Imprenting of thair Lawis and Actis of Parliamentis.

" HENRIE AND MARIE be the grace of God King and Quene of Scottis to all and sindrie our leigia and subiedis, quhome it effeiris quhais knawlege thir our letters sail cum greiting. WIT ZEE VS to haue geuin, grantit, and be thir our letters geuis and grands to our weilbelouit Clerk Edward Henrysoun Dodour in the Lawis &c. and his assignayis allamelie, full powar and licence to Imprent or cause Imprent and sell the Lawit and Adis of Parliament of our Realme, That is to say, the bukis of Law callit Regiam Maiestatem and the remanent auld Lawis and adis of Parliament, consequentlie maid be progres of tyme unto the date of thir presends, viseit, sychtit and corredit be the Lordis Commissionaris speciall ie depute to the said viseting, sychdng and correding thairof, and that for the space of ten zeiris nixt to cum. And dischargeis and reuokis all vther privilege, and licence grandt of befoir to ony vthers for Imprenting of our saidis Lawis and Adis: Quhairfoir

we charge straitlie and commandis zow all and sindrie our liegis and subiedis forisaidis, That nane of zow tak vpone hand to Imprent or cause Imprent the saidis Lawis and adis in this our Realme or outhwith the samin or to sell the same within this our Realme, vnder the pane of escheting of the saidis bukis to our said weilbelouit Clerk, and als vnder the pane of paying to him the sowme of twa hundreth pundis money of our Realme, als oft as this our pruilege and licence beis contrauenit and brokin be zow or ony of zow, during the said space of ten zeiris. Geuin vnder our priuie Seill, At Edinburgh the First day of Junii, the zeir of God ane thousand fyue hudreth thre scoir sax zeiris, and of our Regnis the First, and twentie foure zeirs.Ó

' In some Copies the Privilege is in the QueenÕs Name alone ; and for effecting this Alteration the Leaf has been reprinted. The Record of the Writ, in the Register of the Privy Seal, runs in the joint Names of Ò Henrib 8c Marie.


OVR SOVERANE LADYIS COMMISSIOVN,

?or viseing correcting and Imprenting of the Lawis and Actis of Parliamentis.

Ò MARIE Be the grace of God Quene of Scottis, to all our liegis and subditis, quhais knawlege thir present letters shall cum, greting, WIT ZE VS mouit of greit zeill of Justice to retene the haill subiedis within this our Realme & dominiounis in gude ordoure, and obedience toward vs, and mutuall societie amang thame selfis, according to the gude Lawis, constitutiounis, ordinances and adis maid be vs and our maist Nobill progenitouris of gude memorie, considdering that be the misknawlcge and Ignorance of the same Lawis, all misordour, inobedience, tumult, and troubling of the common weil proceidis: And because sindrie Lawis, constitutiounis and ordinances hes been maid be diuers our predecessouris, that certane leimit, wyse and expert men, quhilks best knawis the Lawis sould be chosin to see and examinat the bukis of the Law, and set thame furth to the knawlege of our subiedis: Thairfoir we for the weill and instrudioun of our saidis liegis in the

Lawis of this our Realme, according to our zeill of Justice and intentioun oft tymes had of befoir, with auise Query, do. of the Lordis of our secreit counsall, [to ¥] mak, constitute, and ordand be thir presentis our rycht traist cousingis and counsalouris George Erie of Huntlie Lord Gordoun and Badzenach our Chancellar, Archibald Erie of Ergyle Lord Campbell and Lome, James Erie of Murray Lord Abirnethy, James Erie Bothuile Lord Hailis Chreichtoun and Liddisdaill, Johne Erie of Athole, Lord Baluany, William Erie Marchell, Lord Keith, Johne Erie of Mar Lord Erskin, Reuerend fathers in God Johne Bischop of Ros, Commendatour of our Abbay of Lundoris, Alexander Bischop of Gallaway, Commendatour of Inchaffray, Adame Bischop of Orknay, Schir Richard Maitland of Lethingtoun Knycht, keipar of our priuie Seill, Schir James Balfour of Pettindreich Knycht, Clerk of our Register, Schir Johne Bellenden of Auchinnoull Knycht, Clerk of our Justiciare, Maister Williame Baillie Lord Prouand, Maister John Spens of Condie, and Robert Creichtoun of Eliok our Aduocatis, Maister Dauid Chalmer, Chancellar of Ros, and Maister Edward Henryson dodour in the Lawis, our Commissaris in that part: Geuand, grantand and comittand to thame, or any sax of thame coiundlie (as persounis of quhais science and experience in the Lawis of our Realme, we specialle dois confide, and is assurit of thair industrie and trew diligence in executing and perfyting of our comand and chargeis) full powar and autoritie, expresse command, and charge in our name and behalf to visie, sycht and correct the Lawis of this our Realme maid be vs, and our maist Nobill progenitouris, be the auise of the thre Estatis in Parliament haldin be thame, beginnand at the buikis of the Law callit Regiam Maiestatem and Quoniam Attachiamenta. And swa consequentlie following be progres of tyme unto the dait of this our commission. Swa that na vthers bot the saidis Lawis sychtit, mendit and corredit be our saidis traist counsalouris and Commissaris, or ony sax of thame coniunctlie, salbe be our priuilege Imprentit, or haue place, faith or autoritie, to be allegeit and reheirsit afoir ony our Jugeis and Justices quhatsumeuer in Jugement and outwith. And generallie all and sindrie vther thingis to do, exerce and use, that in the premissis or anent the samin salbe necessare, or ony manner of way opportune. Firm, and stabill, haldand and for to hald, all and quhatsumeuer our said counsalouris and Commissaris in that pait, or ony sax of thame coniundlie in the premissis rychteouslie leidis to be done. Attour we promit to cause this our present Commissioun, with all and quhatsumeuer thingis, quhilkis our saidis counsalouris and Commissaris be vertew heirof sail happen to do, performe, accomplische, and deterininat, be ratifeit, appreuit, and perpetuallie confirmit, be the avise of our thre Estatis in our nixt Parliament. <|f In witnes of the quhilk thing, we have causit our greit Seill be put to thir presentis. At Edinburgh the First day of Maij the zeir of God ane thousand fyue hundreth thre scoir sax zeiris, and of our Regne the twentie foure zeir.

J THE PREFACE TO THE REDAR.

Ò IT is maist certane, that na thing is swa eimistlie to be socht and straitlie keipit, as the knawlege of the Lawis and thair authoritie. Because the Laws rychtlie disponis, and ordouris to the best baith godlie and manlie effairis, and banisis thairout all iniquitie. Thay ar the gift of God, the statute and decreit of wyse men, the amending and rychting of forthod and suddane faultis, the common promeis, band and obligatioun of the Realme and of ilk Member thairof to uther, efter the quhilk it appertenis all the saidis members to leid thair lyfe gif thay will not onlie leif, bot als manerlie, weill and godlie leif. And lyke as ilk man aucht and sould seik the understanding of the Lawis that they may cast thame with all thair intent to obserue, and keip the samin: Rychtswa it is the office of the Souerane powar and of the Magistratis and Officiaris constitute under the samin, to cause publis and mak patent the Lawis, to the effect foirsaid, as we see the Israelitis, Athenienis, the Romanis, and uthers pepill and Impyris lauchfullie reulit, and thairby lang lestand, and continewand in prosperitie, had thair Statutis and Ordinancis ingraifit, or writtin in Tabillis, and fixit in the maist publique and patent placis, or inrollit, bukit, and solempnitlie red to all the pepill. And als all weil maid constitutioun contenis in the self ane prouisioun, that it be proclamit and publist. Misknawlege is ane maner and kynde of excusatioun to mony men of thair fault, albeit the Law sayis, thair is, nor sould be na excusatioun to the man pretendand Ignorance of the Law. Quhairfoir? Because the Law is understand to be notifeit, and publist to all Man, and thay sould stik to the knawlege thairof. Thairfoir our Souerane Lady seing the Lawis and Adis of hir maist Nobill progentouris to be for the maist part unknawin bot to the Jugeis, and men of Law, and zit the samin to be throuch Ignorance of the copistis confusit and full of errouris, hes maist commendablie and conuenientlie to hir Royall estate and Maiestie, and maist graciouslie for the weil of her subiedis, geuin commissioun to certane Nobill and leimit Lordis, hir traist counsalouris, to sycht, considder, corred, and cause publis in prent the haill body of the Lawis of this hir Realme. In the undertaking of the quhilk charge and work the saidis Lordis

thocht it maist expedient for the present to begin at the mending and furthsetting of the adis of Parliamentis haldin be kingis James the First, Secund, Thrid, Feird, Fyft, and be hit Maiesties powar hauand and hir self, and thairefter in all gudlie diligence to reik and extend thair cure to the emendatioun and publicatioun of the precedent and mair ancient Lawis, the quhilkis as they ar mair difficill to be decernit on, swa thay requyre langar tyme to thair dew corredioun. And albeit nane of all the Lordis Commissaris can be praisit aneuch, and proportionallie to thair worthynes for the trauell and diligence taken be thame in this present editioun and

outset, zit in speciall with all mennis favouris, two of the saidis Lordis ar to be remernbrit and commendit:

Thay are to say, ane Reuerend Father in God, Johne Bischop of Ros Lord of our Soueranis Secreit counsall and of hir College of Justice, for his Suggestioun to our Souerane of this notabill purpose, eimistfull performing of the said Commission and cure in conuening of my Lordis Commissaris his colligis, and liberalitie in the furthsetting of this Imprenting: And Schir James Balfour of Pettindreich, Knycht Clerk of the Register &c. For his sinceir afald and glaid concurrance to perfyte this wark, and exhibitioun of the originallis out of the Register and making of thame patent at all tymes on na wayis regardand his awin particulare outher proffeit or gloir bot onlie the commoun weill of the Realme. It restis to exhort all our Soueraine Ladyis liegis to diligentlie mark and consider thair awin dewtie and office expressit in this Law buke, and to expresse and manifest the samin be leding of thair lyfe conforme thairto in word and deid, Serchand heirout dodrine of treuth and obedience to the princeis, their Magistraitis and Officiaris of Justice: Off honest lyfe, of abstinence fra iniuring and hurting ane a uther : Off geuing to ilk persoun his awin: Off lauchfull conquesing, keiping, and annalying, of landis, gudis, and geir: And als to thank our Souerane of hir diredioun and Commissioun, and the Lordis

for the trauell takin be thame thairin: Fynallie to accept and embrace this haill laubour with sic beneuolence

and gentill hart, that occasion be geuin efterwart, that the rest of the auld Lawis of Scotland be brocht to lycht, and put in the liegis handis to be commonlie red and understand with greit frute and plesure to the honour of God trew obedience to our Soueranis, and to the weill particular of ilk persoun, and commoun of the haill Realme. Ç[ EDVARD HENRISON.Ó

CERTIFICATES OF AUTHENTICITY.

In the first One hundred and ten Folios of this Volume of the Black Ads, are contained the Ads of King James I. II. III. and IV. At the End of Folio cx, b. is the following Certificate:

Ò Thir ar the trew copyis of the Adis of Parliamentis made be our Souerane Lordis, Kingis James the First,

Secund, Thrid, and Feird, with auise of the thre Estatis of the Realme: Reviseit & corredit be the Lordis Com.missaris depute thairto : And extradit furth of the bukis of Parliament be me Schir James Balfour of Pettindreich Knycht, Clerk of our Souerene Lord and Ladyis Regestrie counsall and Rollis under my signe and subscriptioun manual). Jacobus Balfour

[ A Fac-Èimile.J

At the End of the Third Parliament of King Jac. V. ( fo. cxvij, b. of the Volume) is the following Note :

Ò Emendata et Descripta ut est supradidum.

Jacobus Balfour.Õ*

[A Fac-simile.]

In fo. cxlij, b. at the Conclusion of the Ads of King James V. is an Ad, intituled, Ò The Kingis Grace ordinance for imprentin of his Adis of Parliament.Ó (chap, cviij,1) The Copy of this Ad is here given with the Note and Certificate which are added to it.

Ò The Kingis grace ordinance for imprentin of his Adis of Parliament. Ca. cviij.

Ò Heir* our Souerane Lord hes ordanit that the Adis of Parliament made be his hienes be publist out throw all his Realme. And, that all Schireffis, Stewartis, Baillies, Prouestis, and Baillies of Burrowis and uthers his liegis may haue the copyis thairof and pretend na Ignorance throw misknawing of the samin, Hes ordanit his Clerk of registre, to mak an autentyk extrad and copy of all the saidis adis sa far as concernis the common weill under his subscriptioun manuall to be Imprentit, be quhat Prenter it sail pleis the said Clerk of Registre to cheis.

And it sail not be lesum to ony uther Prenter to imprent the samin within this Realme or without the samin, or bring hame to be sauld, for the space of vj. zeiris nixt to cum under the pane of confiscatioun of the samin.

Prowyding alwayis that the said Prenter to be chosin be the said Clerk of Registre, as said is, have our said Souerane Lordis speciall Licence thairto.Ó

Ò Thomas Dauidson than chosin Prenter, first Imprentit thir the viij. day of Februar the zeir of God ane thousand fyue hundreth xli. zeiris.

Ò Thir ar the trew copyis of the adis of Parliament maid be our Souerane Lord King James the Fyft. Extradit furth of the bukis of Parliament at command of the Ad maid thairupone* be Maister James Foulis of Colintowne, * '¥ '.the preceding Aft. Clerk of our Souerane Lordis Registre counsall and Rollis, under his signe and subscriptioun manuall.

Jacobus Foulis."

1 Under this Ordinance the first printed Publication of the Scottish Acts of Parliament was made in 1541. * An Error of the Press for Item.


In fo. clxix, at the End of the Ads of Queen Mary made in 1555, is the following Certificate, which appears to apply to all the Ads of that Queen, from the beginning of her Reign to that Time.

Ò Thir ar the trew copyis of the Adis of Parliamentis of our Souerane Lady Quene Marie haldin be ane Nobill and Mychtie Prince James Duke of Chastelheraut Lord Hammiltoun and Governour of the Real me. And be ane mychtie Princes Marie Quene Dowrear, mother to our Souerane Lady and Regent of the Realme, viseit sychtit and corredit be the Lordis Commissionaris depute thairto; and extra&it furth of the bukis of Parliament be me Schir James Balfour of Pettindreich Knycht, Clerk of our Souerane Ladyis Register Counsall and Rollis under my Signe and subscripdoun manuall.

Jacobus Balfour

¥ [A Fac-iimile.]

In fo. clxxx, b. at the End of the Statute made by Queen Mary in her Parliament 1563, containing Twenty-five Chapters or Ads, is the following Certificate:

Ò Thir xxv adis nixt precedant war in the zeir of God ane thousand fyue hundreth lxv zeiris extradit furth of the buikis of Parliament at command of our Souerane Lady be Maister James Makgill of Rankelour-nether Clerk of our said Souerane Ladyis Registre counsall and Rollis under his Signe and Subscriptioun manuall.

Jacobus Mack gill.Ó

At the End of the Ads of the First Parliament of King James VI. (fo. xxiv. of that Colledion) is the following Certificate:

Ò Extradum de libro Adorum Parliamenti per me Magistrum Jacobum Makgill de Rankelour-nether Clericum Rotulorum Registri ac Consilii, S.D.N. Regis, sub meis signo et subscriptione manualibus.

? Jacobus Makgill.Ó

[A Fac-simile.J

The like Certificate exadly is also at the End of the Second Session of Jac.VI. and the like (with the Variation of Ò librisÓ for Ò libroÓ) at the End of the Third and Fourth Sessions respedively. See fo. vi, b. xiij, b. and xvj. of the Colledions of the Ads of those Parliaments.

2. PARLIAMENTARY COMMISSION:

From the Records of the Parliament, holden at Edinburgh 5th June 1592.

Ò For vistting and caussing of the Lawes and Adis of Parliament to be prented.Ó

Ò OUR SOUERANE LORD with aduise of his Estaitis Ordanis and commandis his traist Cousing ande coun6allour Johnne lorde of thirlestane his hienes chancellair be him selff assistit with Mr. Johnne Lindsay persoun of Menmure, Alexander hay of eister kennet clerk of register, maister Johnne Skene aduocat, Mr. George zoung archdeacone of Sandandrois, Mr. Thomas hammiltown appierand of preistfeld, Maister Williame Scott diredour of the chancellarie, and Maister Johnne hay sone and depute to the said Clerk of Register, to visite the lawes and adis maid in this present parliament, and all vthiris municipall lawes and Adis of Parliament bygane, quhairof thair is Registaris or autentik monumentis extant; And to considder quhat lawis or Adis necesserlie wald be knawin to the Subiedis, qlkis suld be kepit ande obeyit be thame ande to mak thame Inexcusable of Ignorance To caus the samen lawys and adis be copyt and autentik copies Subscryvit to be deliuerit to his hienes prentar, Togidder or seuerallie, as the said Lord Chancellair and personis Joneyd to assist him sail think expedient als oft and in sic nowmer as yai sail think gude. That the same may cum probablie to the knawlege of all the Subiedis sa sone as is possible, And gevis and grantis full power to the said Chancellare and vtheris appointit to ye effed foirsaide be thir presentis And that the copie and diredlioun subscryvit be the said lorde Chancellar and Clerk of Register with ony vthir tua of ye personis abonewritten appointit to assist him salbe a sufficient warrant to ye said Prentar to the effed abone specifiet.Ó

3. ACT OF parliament:

From the Records of the Parliament, holden at Edinburgh 1 ith August 1607.

Ò Act in fauouris of the Clerk of Register; Anent the prenting of the Book callit Regiam maiestatem.'*

4i FORSAMEKILL as be diuerse adis of parliament It wes Statute and Ordanit that all oure Souerane Lordis liegis of this his hienes Realme of Scotland Live and be govemit vnder the lawes and Statutis of this Realme alanerlie,

APPENDIX. G.

lxxxiii

and be na vther lawes, And seing the auld lawes of this realme befoir ye dayes of King James the first wer almaist perisheit and not extant, And sua Money of thame as wer extant wer writiin in paperis and wer altogidder vncorrect; Thairfoir the estaittis of Parliament at diuerse tymes committit thair full power to sindrie persones to advyse treat and comoun anent the Redu&ioun of the saidis lawes Callit Regiam maiestatera and all vtheris adis statutis and bookis to be put in ane volume, and to be authorizit as the saidis A£kis at mair lenth proportis And seing Sir Johne Skene of Curryhill kny1 Clerk of Register conforine to the saidis Adis and Ordinances at Command of oure said Souerane lord and estaittis of parliament hes be his great travellis painis and expenss visitit correckit mendit and reduceit in ane volum the saidis auld lawes of this Realm befoir the dayes of King James the first The qlk volum contenand Regiam Maiestatem and vtheris Lawes the said Clerk of Register hes presentit befoir the haill estaittis of this present parliament whilk they haue Considerit And hes Allowit thairof As memorable and worthie Adis to be prentit, wherewith and be the Adis of parliament maid sensyne, the haill Iegis of this Realme sail be Judgeit reulit and governit; Thairfoir the haill estaitis of this present parliament statutis and ordinis the foirsaid volum and book contenand the saidis auld lawes of this Realme now writtin correckit and put in forme be the said Clerk of Register to be prentit authentiklie for the weill of the haill Judges persones and Subiedis of this Realme And becaus yair will be great expensse warit in prenting thereof by and attour the great paine travellis and expensse maid thairvpoun alreadie be the said Clerk of Register, for defraying of the whilks expenss the saidis Estaittis of this present parliament hes allowit and grantit to the said Clerk of Register the Sowme of vsuale money

of this Realme to be payit be the Sherreffis baillies Stewards barones and vtheris Judges of this Realme alsweill of Royaltie as regalitie and be the prelattis erlis lordis and burrovves of this realme And to the effect that the foirsaid Sowme maybe contribute amongis the foirsaidis personnes and the mair thankfullie payit to the said Clerk of Register for the greater Expeditioun of the prenting of the foirsaidis auld Lawes and Statutis Hes gevin and grantit full Power and Commissioun To Alexander Erie of Dunfermeling Chancellar of this Realm, Mark erle of Louthiane, Patrik erle of Kinghome, James lord of Balmerinoch, secretar and president of the College of Justice, Mr. Alexander dowgias Bischop of Murray, Mr. Alexander forbes bischop of cathnes, Mr. Williame Melvill commendatar of Toungland, Johne lord halyrudhous, S' James Scrymgeour of dudop, S' Johne cokburne of ormestoun, and the lard of dunypace, george hereott goldsmyth burges of Edinburgh, george bruce burges of Culross, and Johne lockhart burges of air, or to ony fyve of thame To sett doun ane stent roll amongis the foirsaidis Persones wha suld pay the foirsaid Sowme To the said Clerk of Register in maner foirsaid And to divyd the samin Sowmes amongis thame As they sail think expedient And whateuir the saidis Persones or ony fyve of thame does in the Premisses The saidis estaittis now as than and than as now declars To be als Lauchfuli and sufficient as gif the samein had bene concludit statute and ordanit in this present parliament And that lettres be direct vpone ane simple charge of sex dayes be delyuerance of the lordis of sessioun for payment of the foirsaidis sowmes And the foirsaidis Persones sail sett doun the samin be thair stent And that na Suspensioun be grantit in favoris of whatsumeuir persone or persones except be the Lordis chancellar president colleclour and aduocatt or ony twa of thame.Ó

II. I. Extract from the Preface to an Edition of the Irish Statutes printed at London

by R. Tottell, 1572; with the following Title :

Ò In this Voi.ume are contained all the Statutes from the tenrhe yere of King Henrie the Sixt, to the xiiii. yere of our moste gracious and soueraygne lady Queene Elysabeth; made and established in her Hignes Realme of Ireland,Ó

The Preface begins with Reflections on the State of Ireland, and the Necessity of Laws to restrain Licentiousness and prevent Ignorance, &c.

Ò Which things the Right Honorable S' Henry Sidney, Knight of the Honorable Order, Lord President of Wales & late Lord Deputie of the said Realm of Ireland, well perceiving & finding that the Remedying of this Mischief, which is the cause and worker of al the rest, would take away the Effeft thereof, caused all the Justices of both the Benches with the Chief Baron of the Escheker & the Master of the Rolles of the said Launde to confer together for the Coppying out and examining of all such Statutes as then were of Record & not published, which at his comandement they did, and delivered the same perfeftly written & examined with all their hands subscribed to every one of them: And then he (ever mindful to further the good state of the said Commonwelth) brought those Statutes over into England, and conferred with the Right Honorable S' W.Cecill Knight of the Order of the Garter, Lorde Burligh, & I.orde Hyghe Treasorer of Lnglande for the imprinting of them, with whose advyse & assent they were committed to the printe & now for thy benefite [the ReaderÕs] finished & set forth.Ó

y


2. Extract from the Preface to Sir Richard Boltoris Edition of the Irish Statutes, printed in Dublin 1621; with the following Title:

Ò The Statutes of Ireland; beginning the Third Year of King Edward the Second, and continuing until the Parliament begun in the eleventh Year of the Reign of our most gratious Sovereign Lord King James, and ended in the thirteenth Year of his Reign of England, France, and Ireland. Newly perused and examined with the Parliament Rolls: and divers Statutes imprinted in this Book, which were not formerly printed in the Old Book.Ó

The Preface is addressed to Ò S' Oliver SÔ John Knight Lord Deputie General of Ireland : Ó After some introductory Sentences respecting the Necessity of Laws and Statutes in general, it proceeds thus:

Ò And now, Right Honourable, considering that many good Statute Lawes of force in this kingdome were neuer hitherto imprinted, and (upon search) finding that, for want of imprinting, many others are perished and lost, in those troublesom and miserable times of rebellion, which have beene in this kingdome, and finding also by experience that the printed Books of those Statutes which were formerly printed are so few that there be not sufficient to furnish only the praCtisers and Judges of the Law; so as both the comon people and some of the Professors of the Law, yea the Judges themselves, did want the ordinarie means to attaine to the knowledge of the Statute Lawes, and were constrained verie often to have recourse to the Parliament Rolls; and finding also by daily experiences that Justices of Peace, Sheriffs, Constables, and other Officers fall short in the execution of their Offices to the great Detriment of the Common wealth, which defeCts I suppose to be chiefly occasioned by want of knowledge of the Statutes: &c. &c. - - - I resolued with my selfe (for the generall good of this Kingdome) to peruse all the Parliament Rolls which are extant, and to extraCt out of them all such Statute Laws as were generall or concerned the general good of the Common wealth, which I did accordingly: And, after your Lordships perusall of them, the same were (by your Lordships direction) againe perused by the Chiefe Judges and Master of the Rolls & by them allowed & thought fit to be imprinted, together with so many of the Statutes formerly printed as were not by express Words repealed in the last Parliamet. Howbeit some few of those Statutes which were formerly printed are by the Alteration of Times growen out vse; and although the same be not in expresse Wordes repealed by any later Ad, yet (in mine own opinion) many of those Statutes & especially those concerning Marchiors, and all Statutes that make markes of differences bewteen the English and Irish, as that of shaving the beard upon the upper lippe, and the distindions betweene Irish Enemies and English Rebells, and of persons amesnable and not amesnable to the Lawe, are by implication & good construction of the Statutes of 33 Hen.VIII. 3 & 4 Ph. & Ma. & 11 Eliz. repealed as absolutely as if the same had been by plaine and expresse words. For now Irish are no Enemies but have the absolute freedome of Subjeds, and the full benefite of the lawes; and all Ireland is now devided into Counties, and the KingÕs Writ doth now runne into all the parts thereof, so as now every Man is amesnable to the Law & may be punished for any Offence whatsoever by the ordinarie course of comon Justice ; Yet neverthelcsse the said Judges & Master of the Rolls thought fit, that those Statutes that had been formerly printed, and were not expressly repealed should be printed againe, and that for two reasons; the one lest per- adventure any should unadvisedly taxe me of partialitie that matters of great moment were omitted, and matters of lesse consequence published; and the other was that although the said Statutes be out of use or determined at this day, yet the same may well serve for an historical use; whereby the Judicious Reader may partly disceme both the State of the Church and Common Wealth in those times.Ó

3. From the Journals of the House of Lords in Ireland.

Die Martis, 20¡ Aprilis 1762¡.

RESOLVED, That an humble Address be presented to his Excellency the Lord Lieutenant, to desire His Excellency will be pleased to give Directions, that the Statutes at Large of this Kingdom be forthwith printed and published under the Inspection of the Lord Chancellor and Judges; and that, as an Encouragement to the Printer, a Copy thereof be given to each Member of both Houses of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Lord Viscount Jocelyn do attend His Excellency the Lord Lieutenant with the said Address.

Die Martis, 27Ò Aprilis 1762¡.

The Lord Viscount Jocelyn acquainted the House, That in Obedience to their LordshipsÕ Order he had attended His Excellency the Lord Lieutenant with their Address of the 20th Instant; to which Address His Excellency was pleased to give this Answer: Ò I will not fail to give the proper Orders, that the Resolutions of the House of Lords may be carried into EffeCt.Ó

e

4. Address to the Reader, prefixed to the Edition of the Statutes of Ireland :

Published by Authority in 1765.

As this Edition of the Ads,.passed in the several Parliaments held in this Kingdom, may be considered as a Public Work, in part obtained at their Expence, and which could not have been executed without such Assistance ¥, it may be proper to shew the Necessity of this Undertaking, from the present State of the Printed Statutes in Ireland; and also the Advantages proposed by what is now done, in attempting to supply former Defeds, and to render this Impression useful and commodious to the Reader.

The Irish Statutes now in Print, consist of those colleded by Sir Richard Bolton, in one Volume in Folio, printed in 1621, by the Society of Stationers, then Printers to His Majesty, reprinted by Benjamin Tooke, [Printer to His Majesty] in 1678, with the Addition of the subsequent Ads to the Session of the 17th and 18th of King Charles the Second inclusive : from which Time to the Revolution no Parliament was held in Ireland. To this Impression was annexed a thin and incompleat Index, and it has been since reprinted in 1723, without any Additions.

The several A£ts which passed in the Reigns of King William and Queen Mary, and those of Queen Anne and the succeeding Kings, were printed by the KingÕs Printers, at the Close of each respective Session, in different Volumes, of different Sizes, and in different Types, without Indexes or any Aid to find the Contents or even the Titles, but by inspeding the Volumes of the Sessions in which they passed ; which Volumes were become too numerous for Use, and even those so dispersed, that at present compleat Sets are with Difficulty to be procured to answer the Purposes of Justice, especially at the Assizes held in the several Counties.

These Considerations, it is presumed, induced the House of Lords to address his Excellency the Earl of Hallifax, then Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, by their Resolutions of the 20th April 1762, to give Diredions Ò That the Statutes at Large of this Kingdom be forthwith printed and published, under the Inspedion of the Lord Chancellor and Judges; and that as an Encouragement to the Printer, a Copy thereof be given to each Member of both Houses of Parliament.ÕÕ In consequence whereof his Excellency, by his Order, dated the 27th of April 1762, direded Hugh Boulter Primrose Grierson, His MajestyÕs Printer General in this Kingdom, to print and publish the said Statutes at Large, under the Inspedion of the Lord Chancellor and Judges; and to cause a Copy thereof to be given to each Member of both Houses of Parliament.

Which Order being signified to the Lord Chancellor and Judges, they were pleased to approve of a Specimen of the Paper, Size, and Type to be made use of on the occasion ; and their Lordships were farther pleased to honour the Editor with their Appointment to carry their Diredions into Execution.

The Ads as before printed by the KingÕs Printers, having received the Sandion of the Courts of Justice as the Statute Law of Ireland, the Editor considered them as Authentic, and made them the Copy from which he printed, without Variation, save that where he, on reading, apprehended Errors of the Press, he had recourse occasionally to the Records now in the Office of the Rolls, and from thence redified those Errors j the collating them at large being thought needless, and rather a matter of curiosity, which would have been attended with very great Expence.

The Statutes in this Colledion are ranged in order of Time, including all whose Titles are mentioned in any of the former printed Statutes though not there printed at large, distinguishing, however, the Ads or Parts of Ads expired or repealed, by a smaller sized Type; except in some few Instances where Ads have been repealed in part, of which due Notice is given in the Margin.

The Ads whereof the Titles only were mentioned in the Statutes of former Impressions, have been copied at large for this Work, from the Original Records; some Instances there may be of Rolls, before the Reign of Queen Elizabeth (but not since) with the Titles of Ads of Parliament not before printed, which the Editor did not think himself authorized to insert as Part of the Statutes of Ireland ; they never having received the Sandion of being printed by Authority, or even mentioned in any Statute so printed, nor authenticated by judicial Determinations.

The Editor was aware, that the inserting expired or repealed Ads at large, would increase the Bulk of this Colledion; but it is hoped the Public will dispense with that Inconvenience, as they may afford light, and be useful for the construdion of subsisting Laws; and will remain curious and authentic Documents in the Public History of this Kingdom.

It has been usual, especially of late Years, to insert in the same Ad different matters not expressed in the Title of such Ad; this has been the Case particularly in those intitled Ò Ads for Amendment of the LawÓ ; which has rendered it difficult to find the several Clauses when wanted. To remedy such Inconvenience, the Editor has, besides the general Index, added, but in a different Charader, to the Table of the Titles of those Ads, the different Matters therein contained.

Indexes are absolutely necessary to Works of this kind; the Editor has therefore endeavoured to make his general Index to this Colledion useful and complete.

The Ads of Settlement and Explanation though relating to a great part of the Landed Property in Ireland, may be considered as a separate Code of Laws, and as such rather to be consulted on particular Occasions, than as Part of the general Statute Law. The Editor has therefore added a separate Index for the Reader, turning to the several Matters contained in those Ads.

The short Abstrads and References in the Margin, will, it is hoped, be found accurate; and upon the Whole, the Editor is not conscious of having omitted any Care or Pains in discharge of the Trust he has been honoured with ; and hopes this will, upon Perusal, be found a corred and useful Edition of the Statutes at Large, agreeable to the Intention of that respedable Authority, at whose Desire this Work was ordered and undertaken.


( lxxxvi )

s8 May;

3 Edw.I.

A. D. 1275.

De Statutis legendis 8c pclamand in Com Cestr 8c alibi.

34th Nov'

16 Edw. Ill, A. D. 1343-

APPENDIX. H.

Instances illustrative of the Method of promulgating Statutes in England and

Scotland.

I.ÑENGLAND.

WRIT to the Justices of Chester, with certain Statutes under the Great Seal, commanding him, amongst other Things, to cause the same to be read, and publicly and solemnly proclaimed in full County, and in every Hundred, City, Borough, Market Town, Wc.; and to make Transcripts thereof, and deliver the same to Four or Two of the most trusty and discreet Knights of the same County, for the Purposes in the Writ particularly specified.ÑSimilar Writs were sent to all the Sheriffs of England.

From the Patent Roll, 3 Edits. I. m. 10.

Rex JustiC suo Cestr Sahm. Cum pp? c&em utilitate & tocius regni nri melioracSem 8c popli nn relevac&em, de 9! consilio Prelatop 8c Magnatu ej9de regni, q'sdam pvisioes 8c quedam statuta, cu magna diligencia ordinari 8c p9mod sigillo nro signari fecim9 tarn a nob 8c Ministris nns quibycua q* ab ipis Prelatis 8c Magnatibj suis, ac tota 9itate regni j?d2i, ad ppetuam memoriam rei geste inviolabili? obsvand; Vob mandam9 in fide 8c dileccbe quibj nob tenemini, firmir iniugentes, qd pvisiones 8c statuta ilia in pleno Com Cestr, 8c in singut Hundr ejusde com, civitatib3, burgis, vitt mcatoriis, 8c locis aliis ubi expedire videritis, legi 8c publice 8c sollepni? pclamari, 8c ea in omiby et singlis articulis suis 8c ab omiby de batta vra fut'is temporib3 jux* tenore eopdem fir mi? 8c inviolabili? ob^vari; 8c pvisionib3 šc statutis illis sic pclamatis, 8c ea in singl locis inP battam vram ubi expedire videritis distinSe 8c apte coscribi, 8c ea fidelib3 nris locop illop, sic sc'pta, sine ditoe libari, vob ac battis 8c fidelib3 nnt here cum eis judicavitis ostededa, 8c q'tuor vt duob3 militib3 de fideliorib3 8c discredorib3 militib3 com p^dCi, de assensu tocius qitaiis tÔdi faciatis, ad sec'itate nram 8c dee gitatis c9todiend. Et ita vos beatis in hoc mandato nro exequendo ne nobseu aliis, p vos vt vros, seu vob p detem vrm vt vrop, imputari possit vt debeat, qd ea que in defis pvisionib3 8c statutis continent' vel eop aliqua in batta vra min9 plene obsvent'. Et hoc vob 8c univWati com p*dS tenore p>senciu significam9. T. R. apud Wcstm xxviij. die Maii.

Cons Ire dirigunt' singut Vicecoitib3 p Angt.

WRIT to the Sheriff of Essex, and Hertford, to proclaim and publish a certain Ordinance relating to Money:

With the Return thereto.

From the Original in the Tower of London.

EDWARD p la g"ce de Dieu Roi Dcngle?re 8c de France 8c Seign' Dirlande au Visconte de Essex 8c Hertf salutz. Come nadgers p'ce q comune clamour estoit p my nre roialme DengletVe q nre bone monoie 8e fort lestling fust contrefaet es pties de la la mier, 8c la monoie ensi contrefaite feable 8c de meyndre value q nest lestarlyng est porte 8c curt come estarlyng en nre dit Roialme, 8c nre bone monoie avant dite enporte p Marchaunz 8c autrs queraunz lo's singuler pfit, en coe damage de no9 8c de nre Poeple; fust entr autfs choses ordeigne p nos 8c p assent des Prelatz Countes Barons 8c autrs de nre dit Roialme,1 q nul home de qel estat ou condicioun qil feust pÔve ou estraunge ne portast nre dit bon monoie lestarlyng, ne argent en plate ne vesseal dor ne dargent hors de nre dit Roialme, s' forfeture de la monoie plate vessel avant ditz; ne q nul ne porte deins nre dit Roialme monoie contrefaite la nre, sr forfeture de vie 8c de biens; issint tote foit q gentz de qecumq, pais qil fuissent pÕroient salvement porter a nre eschaunge, come bilion 8c ne my ailliours, argent en plate vessel 8c tote manere de monoie dargent ne mye contrefeate lestarlyng, de quecumqe coyne qils fuissent 8c illoeqes reteynrent la verroie value en estarlyng: Nous pr coe pfit de nos 8c de tot nre Roialme, voilliaunz la dite ordeiginance estre tenue en cel pde eioms ordeigne, q bone garde 8c estreit se face es touz les lieus sr la costere de la mier en portz 8c aillio's ou maffe darravilie est p bonz 8c leals iurez, qi en nre noun diligiaument

. See Ret. Fin. 3 E. III. m. 19: 9 E. III. m. 10. and page 373 of the Statutes in this Volume.

APPENDIX. H.

lxxxvii

In dorso.

I j lh March 35 Ed. III. A.D. 1362.

9chent, q nul de quel condicion ou estat qil soit ne porte n?e bone monoie lestarlyng, argent en plate vessal dor ne dargent, hors de nre dit Roialme saunz nre conge especial; ne ne porte deinz nre dite roialme moneie contrefaite la nre, s' les Peynes & forfatures soutz escritz; & voloms q la cominalte de chescun ville ou port ou arivaillie est eslisent deux bones homes & leals de mesme la ville, p' quex ils voillent respondre si autrs ne soient assignez p no9, k qe ceaux issint assignetz ou esluz p no9 schent sauntz desport toutz ceaux q passerount hors de dit roialme, ou ariverent en icel deinz lor gardez, k facent arester & salvement garder a nie oeps touz les bones esPlinges qil troverent ordeignez denporter hors de nre dit roialme, k aussint la moneie contrefaite le nre porte en nre roialme ; & de ce qils avÕont issint arestuz faccnt endenturs ent? caux & les bailliffs des villes ou tiel arest se fra, & ?tefient meigntenaunt les Tresorer k Barouns de nre Eschequer de loÕ fait, siqils puissent out? faire nre pfit des ditz estarlingges, & la monoie contrefate qils avVnt arestuz facent sauntz delai venir a noz eschaunges, k liverer illoeqes as gardeintz des ditz eschaunges p endenture; k qe lun ptie de lendenture issent feat entr eaux facent venir en nre dite Escheqiere, p la quele le dit gardein 3ra charge de ce qil avV issint recieu ; k p' mueltz encurager les dit sercheours de faire la 3che diligealment, si voloms q de ce q ?ra issint forfait a noš les ditz Schours eiont le disme dener de nre doun pr lo' travaillie ; p'veu tote foitz q les ditz Õschours avant qils receivent le office avant dit jurrent avant le Viscounte ou Meir ou Baillifs de lieu, qils ferront lealmcnt la dite sche & loialment ent respounderount a no9 & si ils facent relez ou desport a nulli p' doun ou favour ou en autr mane, & de ce soient atteint, qils soient en forfeture de q*nqe qils ont; & aussint avoms ordeine q si lestarlyng suspecionus & q nest mye de bon poys soit porte en le dit roialme, soit arestuz & porte a noz chaungez a costages de ceux q le apporteront, & illoqes assaie; & si trove soit q la livre soit de moindre value delestandard DengletVe soit founduz, & la droite value de ce q €ra issint funduz baillie a lui q le port en bone monoie, solonc le standard: & p'ce q p la ordeinance susdite Marchauntz & autrs ne poent porter hors de roialme le bon estarlyng ne monoie contrfate, si voloms bien soeffrer qils puissent enporter autr leal inoneie dor ou dargent solonc ce qils porront mulietz chever: p quei vo9 mandons q les choses soutz escritz p tote vre baillie, & cites villes burghs portz du miere & autrs lieus qecumqes deinz fraunchises & de hors, ou vo9 vretz q soit affaire facez crier k publier, & pr ferm & estable tenir, issint q p la dite criee touz les articles k peynes avant ditz puissent estre conuz a totes gentz, k q nul ne se puisse ent escuser; & de ce q vo9 avVz fait en celle ptie no9 ctifiez distin&ement & aptement souz vre seal, a lendemayn de Seint Hillar pschein avenir, remaundauntz a no9 ceste nre brief: Et ce sÕ pil q apent ne lessez en nulle mart. Tesmoigne nre Treschier fitz Edward Due de Cornwaillie & Counte de Cestr, Gardein DengletVe, a Kenyngton le xxiiij jour de Nov lan du nre regne DengletVe seszisme & de Fraunce tierce.

p mesme le Gardeyn & Counsail.

Jeo Hen? Gemet Viscounte de Essex et de Hertford ay fait crier et pupplier totes les articles deyns escriptes en pleyn Conte et en tous autres lieus et port} de la Mier ou nul arrivail est, come le mandement nre Seign' le Roi voeut.

WRIT to the Sheriff of Lincoln, to cause certain Ordinances sent to him therewith under Seal, to be publicly proclaimed in every City, &c.; and, after Proclamation made, to cause the said Ordinances or a Copy thereof, to be delivered under his Seal to every Justice of the Peace. With the Return to the said IFrit.

From the Original in the Tower of London.

Edwardus Dei G?a Rex Angt Diis Hibn & Dux Aquit Vic Lincoln saftm. Quasdam Ordinacoes p Nos, Prelatos, Magnates, & Coitatem regni nri Angt, in ultimo pliamento nro apud WestiTi convocato fcas, quas in i-ingulis Comitatib}, Civitatibj, Burgis, villis nJcatoriis, feriis, nicatis, & aliis locis publice pclamari k teneri volum9, tibi mittim9 sub pede Sigilli nri; Mandantes qd inspeftis ordinacoiby pdcis eas oiiies k singulas in Civitatibj, Burgis, villis nVatoriis & aliis locis ejusdem Com tarn infra libtates qÒm ext* ubi expedire videris publice juxta formam in eisdem contentam, pclamari & teneri fac; & fca pclamacbe pdea modo quo p>dicitr onies ordinacoes pdcas, vel saltern copiam ea^dem, Justic n?is ad pacem nram in eodem Coin conservand assign, ad eas in sessionib} suis observari k teneri faciend, sub sigillo tuo libari fac: k de eo quod inde feSis, & a quo ubi & quo die p*sens tnandatum n?m rccepis, nos in Cancella? n?a sub sigillo tuo citÒ mensem Pasche px futu? reddas cVores. Et hoc sicut te ipm in- dempnem servare volffis nullatenus omittas. T. me ipo apud Westm xv die Marcii anno ?. n. tricesimo quinto.

p ipm Rege et Cons.

Endorsed:Ñ

Respons Jobis de Boys Vic Lincoln.

Istud tire libatum fuit michi apud Line die Jovis px* post quindennin Pasche, hora vespap p quendam Jobem de Parys nunciu de Sc'cio Dtii Reg, cum quadam cedula sub pede Sigilli Dili Reg de Ordi- nacoibj p Diim Regem, Prelatos, Magnates, k Coitate regni Dili Reg Angt, in ultimo pliamento suo apud Westm convocato feis. Et easdem ordinacoes oiiies et singtas in Civitate Lincoln & aliis Burgis, villis nVatoriis, feriis, mcatis, & aliis locis tam inf' libtates qÔm extÓ ubi expedire vidi publice pdamari feci, juxta forma in eisdem ordinaebib}. Et copiam 01m ordinaconu pdcajt Justic Dni Reg, ad pacem in Coni Lincoln conservand assign, sub sigillo meo litavi sedm tenorem hujus bris.

z


II.ÑSCOTLAND.

A Precept for the Publication of the Statutes of Robert I. A.D. 1318, is prefixed to the Copy of those Statutes in the Antient Monastic Register of Aberbrothick.ÑThe Rubric, Ò Mandatu &c.Ó is apparently the Work of the Copyist. This Precept is in the following Words :

Mandatu dni Reg Robti pro Statutis inPsc'ptis obfuandis.

Robt9 dei gra Rex scotto^ Justiciarijs vicecomitibj ppoitis & eop Battis, cetis q^ fidelibj vniSsis, ad quop noticiam p>sentes tre puenSint; saitm. Sciatis q de consilio & exp>sso consensu, epop, abbatu, p'o^, comitu & Baronu ac toci9 coitatis Regni nfi in pleno pliameto nfo tento apd scona die dnica p9 fiestu sci andree apli cu continuacoe dieru sbseqncium, ano Regni nri xiij¡ auc'te hra Regia, inf'sc'pta statuta condita sut & f'mata. QuÕre vob mandam9 & f'mi? pcipim9 q*tin9 defa statuta ad c'ias nras inf* Batiias vras tenendas, & alibi ubi fSit frequens cog'gaco ppli publice legi & proclamari faciatis, ac inuiolabilr ab omibj, tarn in c'ijs p>latop, comitu & Baronu, & olm aliop qui c'ias tint, qÔ in c'ijs nris pprijs, quibj volum9 q p vos det' copia statuto^, ita q ma?iam n5 beam se escusandi de ignorancia eoxdm.

In the Reign of David II. A. D. 1366, a Parliamentary Ordinance was made in the following Words Ò Item quod Dominus Noster Rex faciat omnia et singula prenotata sub sigillo suo in scripto redigi et per singulos Vicecomites publice proclamari.Ó

In a Miscellaneous Manuscript of Scottish Law, in the AdvocatesÕ Library at Edinburgh, marked W. 4. ult. supposed to have been written in the Reign of James III., there is a Precept for the Publication of certain Ads passed in the first Three Parliaments of James I, in pursuance of the Ad 1435, commonly intituled Ò Anent the Executioun of the Adis of Parliament maid of befoir.Ó The Precept is in the following Words:

James be p' grace of Gode King of scottis till Justice fais aldmeh T par baljes ande til all ob' leil liegf ande

subdittf to pe knawleg of quha pV put Ires cuis greting wit je pat in our pliamet at Perth diuse tymes haldin

thru p' expresse consal T 9sent of pe [fre Õ] estatf of our kinrik throu pe autorite of our kingdom pÔr w'in writtin statutf war mad & formyt of p' quhilk forsuth statute pe teno' folowys in wlgar tung.

Here follow the Statutes.

Quharfor to jow we bid T 9mand pat p' forsaide statutf in our next court w'in 50' balj'rf to be haldi 1 in op' placf quhar oftast hapnis 9g'gaeon of pepil opinly je ger be rede 1 cryit and alsua in p' court of p>latf erlis barounis T of al opr hafand courtf ye quhilkf we will p' be 50W p' Copy be gevin of pr statutf sa pat pai haf

na mat1 pai til excuse of p' ignorans of pai Comandand mar atour T straitly iniunand pat alswell 3;' as our opr

subiectf T liegmen pr forsaid Statutf in al par poyntf 'l Articlis vnmoffabily je 'l pai kep 'f obserf vnd all payn p' quhilk aw or may cu p'of or folow Gevin vnd p' vitnes of our gret seill at edinburgh pe xx day of Ap'll pe jer of o' Lord Mccccxxvj and of o' kinrik pe xxi jer.

In the same Manuscript, and in some others, there is a similar Precept for the Publication of certain Statutes enaded by a Parliamentary Commission in 1432.3 This Precept is in the following Words:

James be the grace of gode king of Scottf til all and sindry bischoppis abbotf priouris clerkf Erlis baronis lordf of Regaliteis vassalis Justicis frefff pvestf baljeis iriistis and ledarf of pe law within burgh 'X vtouth and til all vthiris officiarf oure liegf T subiectf to quhais knawlege pir oure Ires sal cum greting ffor quhy pat oute of oure last pliamet haldyn at Perth in pe moneth of October last passit be pe ordinance of oure [Tre1J estatf pare was deput ?tane psonis at tyme T place conueniable quhe vs suld like to assemble to ordane T 9mon apon ?tane statutf pfitable for the comon gude of oure Realme We with the forsaid psonis assemblit for stanching of the fellone slauchPis and barganis pat is apperande 1 for the abreging of the law in swilk case has ordanit T statute i the forme T maner as eftir folowis pat is to say.

Here follow the Statutes.

Quharfor to 5Ò al T syndri fais baljes T misPis w'in burgh T vtouth straytly we bide T 9mand p' p' forsad statutf je kep T ger be kepit i all furni T effec as is befor w'ttyn vnd p' payn forsaid gevi vnd o' p'ue seil at Perth p' xxvij of Mayi T of o' regne pe xxvii jer.

, ^ Other MSS. read thre.

¥In the Edition 1566, these Statutes are placed between those of a Parliament in July 1426, and those of a General Council in March 1427, without any appropriate Date ; having prefixed to them, the first or introdudlory Part of the abovementioned Precept, but without its conclusion. In the Editions 1597 and 1681, the Precept is altogether omitted, and the Statutes are given as a Continuation of those of the Parliament 1426.


The following A£b, of James I, James II. and James VI. relate to the Proclamation of the Statutes in Scotland. The first two are taken from the best Manuscript Copies which remain; the last is extra died from the Records of Parliament in the General Register House at Edinburgh.

In Parliamento apud Perth, xi die Martii, A. D. 1425.

' ITEM pe king with consent of }>e thre estatf of pe realme has ordanit p' all statute T ordinance of p's pliamet T of the twa pliametf precedande be registrat i the kingf Registir ande gevin to pe #refff Quhilkf statutf T ordinas ilk fref sail ger be publist and pclamyt in the chefe place of his frefdome ande in vthir notable placf Ande als to geve the copiis of pal bath to p>latf baronis T borowis of his baljery apoii pe expens of the askarf Ande at ilk fref ger be kepit pe tenor of pis act vndir payn of p'uacion of his office Ande at ilk fref geve oppyn biding to pe pepill of his baljery bath to lande ande to burgh to kep T fulfil all statutf T ordinance maid i the saidf tore pliametf vndir pe paynis cotenit i pe actf of pai swa pat nane hafe cause to p>tende na allege ony ignorance.

In Parliamento apud Edinburgh, vi'¡ die Martii, A. D. 1457.

Õ ITEM pe lordf thinkf speidfull pat our souane lorde 9mande all his <freff ande gmissarf of burowis to cum to pe clerk of his Registre and ger copy all pir articulis actf and statutf abone writtyn and ger pclame pame opinly throu out par schyrf and burowis sa pat nane of his liegf allege Ignorace of pame in tyme to cum And alsua pat all pe actf and ordinance abone writtyn pe quhilkf ar necessary till his baronis and frehaldarf to be schawin at pr witsudais making of p' barone courtf ryl sa be takin and copyit and schawin to his tenandf sa pat nop' pe frehaldar nor pe tenadf be negligent nor pÕt'myt pe obsuyng of pe saidis decretf and at pe paynis set pÕapone be sa deuly raisit pat pe saidf actf and decretf be obsuyt and kepit as efferf.

* ANDE p' attour sen gode of his he grace has send our soSane lorde sik pgres and prospite pat all his rebellys and brekarf of his Justice ar removit out of his Realme and na maistfull pty remanande pat may caus ony breking in his Realme sa pat his hienes be inclinyt 1 himself and his misfis to pe quiet & 9mone pfett of pe Realme and Justice to be kepit amangf his liegf his thre estatf w* all huilite exhortf ande requirf his hienes to be inclvnit w' sik diligence to pe execucione of pÕ statutf actf and decretis abone writtyn p' god may be emplesit of him and all his liegf spuale and tempale may pray for him to gode and gif thankyng to him pat sende pame sik a p'nce to p' goSno' and defendo'.

In Parliamento apud Edinburgh, penull die Novembris, A. D. 1581.

Anent the proclamatioun of pe actis of parliamet.

Forsamekill as it is vnderstand to pe kingis maiestie and thre estatis of pliament, That oftymes doutis T questionis arysis tuiching pe proclamatioun of pe actis of parliament T publicatioun pairof; It being sutime ailedg. . be pe leigeis, pat pei ar not bound to obserue T. keip pe samin as lawes, nor incur onie panes cotenit p'in, qll pe samin be prodamit at nicat croces of pe heid burrowis of all scherris : For Remeding of qlk dowtes in tyme cuing it is statute and ordanit be oure souerane Lord and estatis of pis present parliament, That all actis and statutis of pliament maid at this tyme, and pat sal happin to be maid at onie tyme heirefter, salbe publischit and proclamit at pe n}cate croce of edinburgh onlie. Quhilk publicatioun oure said souerane Lord and estatis foirsaidis, deCnis and declaris, to be als valiabill and sufficient as pe samin wer publischit at pe heid burrowis of pehaill schires w'hin this realme. And alswa declaris pe haill I.eigis to be bundin and astrictit to pe obedience of pe saidis actis as Lawes fourtie dayis eftir pe publicatioun of pe samin at pe said nicate croce of edinburgh being bypast.

1 No Rubrick>, or Titles, to the Acts appear to hare been inserted in the Parliamentary Records of this Period. In SkeneÕs Edition 1597 pa. 10. nu. 67. this A£t is intituled, Ò Anent the extract and execution of the Actcs of Parliament.Ó

Ç r These in the Manuscripts arc given as Two different Acts or Chapters; In SkeneÕs Edition 1597 they are printed as one 1 l In the oldest Copy of these Acts, the Rubrick, or Title, of the First is,ÑÒ Off copying of pe A£tf.ÓÑOf the Second $ Ò Exortacione to pe Kyng fra pe lordf.Ó In SkeneÕs Edition pa. 45, nu. 90. the following is the Title prefixed to the whole as one Chapter, Ç That all the Actes be copied fra the Clerk of the Register, and proclaymed.Ó



HENRY, I. STEPHEN. HENRY, II.

Slings of

JOHN. HENRY, III. ED WAR D, I.

CnglanO.


TABLE OF THE CHARTERS.

The Charters, of which the Titles are here distinguished by an Asterisk (*)

ARE NOT INSERTED IN

Sir William BlackstoneÕs Edition of The Charters.

Page

I. CARTA REGIS HENRICI, I. anno reoni primo. A.D.MCI. - - |

The Text it printed from the Textus Roffensis, fo. 96, in the Archives of Rochester Cathedral ; from Hearne's Publication whereof the Copy in BlackstoneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, Introd. pa. iv. in the Notes, was printed.

The Various Readings marked R.t. are from the Recital of the Charter at the Beginning of the Laws of Henry I. entered in the Red Book of the Exchequer at Westminster, fo. 16, with the Title De libtate ecciie & toci9 Angt obsvanda Leges Henrici: another Entry of the Title on the same Leaf adds p'mi fit 9questoris. The following is the Introductory Sentence at the Head of these Laws; after which the Charter immediately succeeds :

Hec sunt deniq, beata pacis ac libtatis exoptate gaudia, quibj toti regno suo gtoss CesaT Henricus in divinis legibj & sctarib) institutis, Sc'ptis et bonoj opum exhibicionibj irradiat modatus, justus, fortis, p"dens, quem Deus felicibj auspiciis & salutari qs corpeis & ale pspitate cum 9juge sua inclita Matilde scda 8c eo^ libis longis scio^ sctis 8c e?na pace gentis nre faciat impare.

The Various Readings marked R. 2. are from a Copy of the Charter, as sent into Worcestershire, entered in the same Red Book, fo. 163, b, with the Title Carta JJr H. p'mi fit If. W. de lifetatibj cocessis Anglis [two earlier Entries of the Title, almost obliterated, add in sua coronacoe} & fcuit quilibet Comitat9 talem.

II. CARTA REGIS STEPHANI, anno regni primo. A.D.MCXXXVI.

de L1BERTATIBUS ECCLESIE ANGLICANE, ET REGNI.

The Text is printed from a Charter in the Archives of Exeter Cathedral, having Part of the Great Seal remaining annexed.

An Engraved Copy is subjoined.

The Copy in BlackstoneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, Introd. pa. v. in the Notes, was printed from that given in HearneÕs Notes to Gulielmus Neubrigensis, pa. 711, as from a Charter in the Hands of Mr. Hearne. The Various Readings marked H. are from Hearne's Printed Copy. Those marked C. are from Entries in Two Register Books in Canterbury Cathedral, Reg. V. fo. 14.; Isd Reg. IX. fo. 72.

IIL CARTA REGIS STEPHANI. - ...

The Text is printed from the Cotton MS. Claudius D. II. fo. 75 or 68, b, in The British Museum.ÑIn BlackstoneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, Introd. pa. v. in the Notes, it is stated that a Copy of this Charter is entered in the Red Book of the Exchequer at Westminster: In the Oflavo Edition, pa. ix, this Assertion is corroded; and the Copy is given as from the Cotton MS. On diligent Search, no such Article has been found in the Red Book.

IV. CARTA REGIS HENRICI II................................................................

The Text is printed from the Cotton MS. Claudius D. II. fo. 79, or 70, b.ÑThe Various Readings are from the Copy printed in BlackstoneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, pa. vi. in the Notes, as from the Red Book of the Exchequer; but on diligent Search no such Article has been found there.

' V.

RrwvS -JOH.ANNIf }anno regni, xvi". A.D.MCCXIV.

Ut hbe sint Electiones tocius Anglie J

The Text is printed from the Register Book V. fo. 14, b, in the Archives of Canterbury Cathedral.Ñ The Various Readings marked IX. are from the Register Book IX. fo. 78, in the same Archives.ÑThose marked R. are from an Entry in the Red Book of the Exchequer at Westminster, fo. 273, b, of a Bulle of Pope Innocent III. reciting and confirming this Charter.ÑFrom an Entry in the same Red Book, fo. 267, b, it appears that this Bulle was brought into the Exchequer for safe Custody, on the noth of April, An. 8 Edw. II.ÑThe Bulle is dated Lateran 3 kt Aprit, pontificatus nri anno octavo decimo.

3

4

4

5

VI. ARTICULI MAGNE CARTE LIBERTATUM, A.D.MCCXV. - - 6

The Text is printed from the Original under the Seal of King John, now preserved in The British Museum ; Donation MSS.No. 4838 ; having been placed in that Repository by Earl Stanhope, in the Tear 1769. This appears to be the identical Instrument, formerly in the Possession of Archbishop Laud, and afterwards of Dr. Burnet, Bishop of Salisbury, from which the Copy in BlackstoneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, page 1 Ñ9, was printed. A few Letters now worn out or illegible are supplied, in the Italic Character, from BlackstoneÕs printed Copy.

An Engraved Copy is subjoined.

VII. MAGNA CARTA REGIS JOHANNIS anno regni xvii0. A.D.MCCXV. - - ,9

The Text is printed from a Charter in the Archives of Lincoln Cathedral ; indorsed with the Word Lincolnia repeated on Two Folds of the Charter ; and also, in a Hand-writing more modern than the Charter, with the following Words ; Concordia in? Regem Jofiem & Barones |> concessioiie lifitatu ecctie & regni Anglie.

An Engraved Copy is subjoined.

The Various Readings marked C. 1. C. 2. are from Two Charters among the Cotton MSS. preserved in The British Museum. C. i. refers to the Charter from which an engraved Copy was made by Pine, and from which the Copy in BlackstoneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, page 10Ñ24, was printed:

It is now secured with a Frame and Glass; and some Part of the Great Seal remains annexed; but the Whole is considerably injured.ÑC. 2. refers to a Charter bound up, with other original Instruments, in a large Volume; Augustus II. No. 106, in the Volume. The Various Readings marked R. are from an

e

Entry, in the Red Book of the Exchequer at Westminster, fo. 234, of the Letters Testimonial which are referred to at the End of the Charter. These Letters Testimonial begin thus :

Mnibus xpi fidelibus ad quos psens scriptu pvefiit: Stephus Dei gfa Cantuar Archieps tocius Anglic p'mas & see Rom Ecciie Cardin, Henr eadem gra Dublin Archiepus, Wittmus London, Petr9 Wintoii, Joscelin9 Bathon & Glaston, Hugo Line, WalPus Wigorn, Witts Coventr 8c Benedcus Hoff, divina miseracone Epi, & Magf Pandulfus domini pp subdiaconus & familiaris sattra in dno. Sciatis nos inspexisse caitam quam dominus nr Johannes Illustris Rex Anglic fecit Comitibj, Baronibus 8c liberis hominibj suis Anglic de libtate see ecctie 8c libtatitibus 8c liberis consuetudinib} suis eisd ab eo concessis sub hac for*.

The whole Charter is then recited at Length, and the Letters Testimonial end thus :

Et ne huic forme pdee aliq'd possit addi vi ab eadem aliq possit subt'hi vt minui, huic sc'pto sigilla nra apposuimus.

VIII. MAGNA CARTA REGIS HENRICI, III. 1 anno regni i¡. A.D.MCCXVI. j

The Text is printed from the Charter, in the Archives of Durham Cathedral, from which the Copy in BlackstoneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, page 27Ñ36, was printed. The Various Readings are from an Entry in the Red Book of the Exchequer at Dublin, fo. 69, of a Charter of the same Date transmitted to Ireland.

IX. MAGNA CARTA REGIS HENRICI, III. A.D. MCCXVII.

The Text is printed from the Charter, with the Seals of the Legate and the Earl Marshal remaining annexed, in the Bodleian Library at Oxford, MSS. Furney, No. St from which the Copy in BlackstoneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, page 37Ñ46, was printed.

¥X. CARTA DE FORESTA, REGIS HENRICI, III. 1 ANNO REGNI 11¡. A.D.MCCXVII. J

The Text is printed from a Charter, with the Seal of the Legate remaining annexed, preserved in the Archives o/Durham Cathedral. This Charter has been in Part destroyed by Time or Accident. The Words and Letters requisite to supply the Deficiencies are suggested from Copies of the Charter of the Forest in Lib. X. fo. 18, at the Exchequer at Westminster ; in the Black Book of the Cathedral of Christ-Church, Dublin ; and in the Domesday Book of the Cathedral of Tork. The Words and Letters so suggested are printed in the Italic Charader.

An Engraved Copy is subjoined.

XI. MAGNA CARTA REGIS HENRICI, III. ?

ANNO REGNI IX¡. A.D.MCCXXIV-V. 5

The Text is printed from a Charter in the Archives of Durham Cathedral, with the Great Seal remaining annexed. This Charter has been injured by the Accident of some Ink having been thrown over it ; Some Words and Letters are therefore nearly illegible. These have been ascertained by the Aid of the Ledger Book, Cart"1 I .fo. 194, in the same Archives.

An Engraved Copy is subjoined.

The Various Readings marked W. are from the Charter of this Date, from which the Copy in BlackstoneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, page 47Ñ59, was printed. That Charier is preserved in the Evidence Tower at Lacock Abbey, in the County of Wilts: It is indorsed with the following Words: Ex deposito militu Wiltisir. Henr Reg fit Job Reg de libtatib3 & q'busda 9suetudinib} p Anglia 9stitut. The Various Readings marked R. are from an Entry in the Red Book of the Exchequer at Westminster ; fo. 183.

XII. CARTA DE FORESTA, REGIS HENRICI, III. 1

ANNO REGNI ixÓ. A.D.MCCXXIV-V. J

The Text is printed from the Charter in the Archives of Durham Cathedral, with the Great Seal remaining annexed, from which the Copy in BlackstoneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, page 60Ñ67, was printed. This Charter has been in Part destroyed by Time or Accident. The Words and Letters deficient have been supplied from an Entry of the Charter in the Ledger Book, Cartª III .fo. 211, in the same Archives: These are inserted within Brackets.

XIII. CARTA CONFIRMATIONS REGIS HENRICI, III. \

ANNO regni xxi¡. A.D.MCCXXXVI-VII. J The Text is printed from the Charter, with the Great Seal remaining annexed, preserved in the Bodleian Library at Oxford, MS.Furney, No. 6, from which the Copy in BlackstoneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, pages 68, 69, was printed. The Various Readings are from an Entry on the Charter Roll in the Tower of London, 21 Hen. III. m. 7.

¥XIV. MAGNA CARTA, REGIS HENRICI, III. J

ANNO REGNI XXXVIÓ. A.D.MCCLI-II. J

The Text is printed from a Charter in the Volume of the Cotton MSS. Augustus II. No. 51, in the Volume. Some apparent Errors in this Charter, and several Instances in which it differs from all the preceding Charters, are specified in the Notes.

XV. CARTA CONFIRMATIONS, REGIS HENRICI, III. \ anno regni xlix¡. A.D.MCCLXIV-V. J

The Text is printed from the Charter Roll in theTower of London, 49 Hen. III. m. 4 ; from which the Copy in BlackstoneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, page 74Ñ78, was printed. The Various Readings are from Copies of the Charter in Cotton MS. Claudius D. II. fo. 137 or 124 ; and in a Manuscript No. 70, in the Library of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge; which Copies agree with each other.

In Addition to this Charter of Confirmation, it appears that the Great Charter and the Charter of the Forest were at the same Time confirmed and renewed by Charters, in the Nature of Charters of Inspeximus, in which they were respedively recited at Length ; and that such Charters were transmitted to the several Counties. It is not known that any of these Charters have been preserved, or are now in Existence: But in the Manuscript No. 70. in Corpus Christi College, Cambridge, and also in the Cotton MS. Claudius D. II. are inserted the Introdudory and concluding Forms of the Charter of In.speximus of Magna Carta, as sent to the County of Middlesex, under Date of 14th March 49 Hen. Ill: The Charter of 9 Hen. III. is there merely referred to, and not fully recited; and a Note is added, that the Charter of the Forest was in like Manner confirmed.

In the Harleian Manuscript, No. 489, in the British Museum, are Copies of the Two Charters of Inspeximus at length, as sent into Somerset and Dorset, dated March 15th, respedively reciting the Whole of the Charters 9 Hen. III. The following is the Form of the Introdudion and Conclusion to Magna Carta:


Henricus dei gra Rex Angt Dns Hibern 8c Dux Aq't Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibj, Prioribj, Coin Baron Mil'll, liberis hoibj 8t omibj atiis de Com Souls & Dors Saltm. Sciatis nos intuitu dei 8t p salute aie nre 8c aia^ aiicessop &c successor nrm cbcessisse Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibj, Prioribj, Com, Baron, Vic, {Jpois, 8c oibj Baltis 8c fidelibj nris oines libtates subsc'ptas p carta nram q*m eis dudu fieri fecimus in hec verba. H. dei gra Rex Angt, [£sV. reciting Hlagna Carta at length to the End;] Dat apd Weitm xj die Febr

anno r. n. ix. Nos autem {ideas donacones cocessiones 8c libertates {ideas ratas habetes 8c gHas cas psenti sigillo nro signatas innovam9. Et p nobis 8c hered nris 8c successoribj regibj Angt ippetuu cocedim9, 8c cofirmam9. Hiis testibj, vefJabilibj pribj H. Lond, W. Wygorii, J. Wynt, B. Dunetens, H. Eliens, R. Coventr 8c Lich, S. Cycestr, W. Bathon 8c Weltn, 8c W. Landaven, Epis; S. de Monteforti Com Leic, H. le Despens Just Angt, Th. de Clare, Johe de Burgo, Jots fit Johis, Petro de Monteforti, Rado de Cameis, Ad de Novo nicato, Egid de Argente, Rogo de Sco Johne, Nich. de Seg*ve, Witto de Mote Gaviso, Joh de

Page

Dat p

Magri

Vesci, Witt Marmion, Wal? de Crepplg, Rob de Insut, Rad de Sandwico, 8c aliis.

Tti de Cantilupo, Cane nri, apd Westm xiij die Mart, a0 f. n. xl nono.

The Charter of the Forest is recited and confirmed in the like Form ; except that in the IntroduHion, instead of the Words Milit, litiis hoibj, the Words Justic forestariis, Viridariis, Agistor, Regardatoribj, are inserted: and in the concluding Form of Confirmation, instead of the Words pdCas donacones, coces.siones & libertates p>dcas, the Words donac&nes & ebeessiones libertatu predcaij are used; and the Names of the Witnesses are not repeated, but merely referred to by the Words Hiis Testibj, &c.

¥XVI. MAGNA CARTA, REGIS EDWARDI, I.

33

The Text of this Charter, which is a Charter of Inspeximus, reciting and confirming Magna Carta 9 Hen. III. is printed from a Charter, with the Great Seal remaining annexed, preserved in the Archives of the City of London, at the Town ClerkÕs Office of the Guildhall of that City. On the Fold of the Charter, through which the Label for the Seal passes, is written Jjt de Scard examinavit. London, and in a Schedule annexed to the Charter is a Writ to the Sheriffs of London, for the Procla.mation and Observation thereof; a Copy of which is printed at the End of the Charter. On the Back of the Charter is the following Indorsement, written in the Time of Edward II. Magna Carta H. de libtatibj Angt, confirmata p dnm £1 E. pris Reg nunc.

An Engraved Specimen is subjoined.

The Various Readings are from Magna Carta 9 Hen. III. as printed in Pages 22Ñ25 of this Series of Charters: They shew in what Instances all the Copies of that Charter there noticed differ from the Recital in this Charter of Inspeximus.

A. Charter of Inspeximus of the Carta de Foresta was also granted in this 15th Tear of Edward I. It is not known that any Autograph of this Charter has been preserved.

The Entries of both these Charters of Inspeximus upon The Statute Roll 25 Edward I. are printed in this Volume among The Statutes of that Tear.

XVII. CARTA CONFIRMATIONS, REGIS EDWARDI, I. \

ANNO REGNI XXV. A.D. MCCXCVII. J

The Text is printed from The Charter preserved in The British Museum, with the Great Seal remaining annexed, Cotton Charters VII. 9, from which the Copy in Blacks toneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, page 80Ñ82, was printed.

¥XVIII. MAGNA CARTA REGIS EDWARDI, I. 1 _ . .

ANNO REGNI XXVIII¡. A.D.MCCC. J

The Text of this Charter, which is a Charter of Inspeximus, reciting and confirming Magna Carta, 9 Hen. III. is printed from an Entry on the Charter Roll of 28 Edw. I. in the Tower of London, No. 26, on that Roll. The Roll is entitled Carte de anno regni Regis Edwardi, filii Regis Henrici, vicesimo oftavo.

Like Charters of Inspeximus of this Date, under the Great Seal, are still preserved in the Archives of the City of London, of Durham Cathedral, Westminster Collegiate Church, and Oriel College, Oxford. All these agree very exafl/y with the Text as now printed from the Charter Roll, except that the Charters begin with the Name and Title of the King at length, as follows : Edwardus dei gra Rex Angt, diis Hibii, & dux Aquit, Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibus, Prioribus, Comitibus, Baronibus, Justif, Vicecomitibus, Prepositis, Ministris, & oinibus Battis & fidelibus suis Saltm. Some Variations also occur in the several Charters in the spelling of the Names of the Witnesses. The Various Readings noted at the Bottom of this Charter are from the Charter of Inspeximus 25 Edw. I. as printed in Pages 33Ñ36 of this Series of The Charters ; they shew in what Particulars that Charter of Inspeximus differs from this of 28 Edw. /.

¥XIX. CARTA DE FORESTA, REGIS EDWARDI, I. 1

ANNO REGNI XXVIII0. A.D.MCCC. j

The Text of this Charter, which is a Charter of Inspeximus, reciting and confirming Carta de Foresta,

9 Hen. III. is printed from an Entry on the Charter Roll of 28 Edw. I. No. 25, on that Roll.

Like Charters of Inspeximus of this Date, under the Great Seal, are preserved in the Archives of Durham Cathedral and Oriel College, Oxford ; these agree very exaElly with the Text as now printed from the Charter Roll; except that they begin with the Name and Title of the King at length, and vary a little in spelling the Names of some of the IVit nesses.

The Various Readings noted at the Bottom of this Charter are from Carta de Foresta, 9 Hen. III. as printed in Pages 26, 27, of this Series of Charters: They shnu in what Instances that Charter differs from the Recital in this Charter of Inspeximus. Among the Names of the Bishops who are Witnesses to the Confirmation, J. Norwycens, ought to follow J. Roff, as in Magna Carta 28 Edw.I. This Name is omitted on the Roll, but is found in the Charters under Seal.

XX. CARTA CONFIRMATIONS, REGIS EDWARDI, I. ]

ANNO REGNI XXIX. A.D.MCCC-I. /

The Text is printed from The Charter, with the Great Seal remaining annexed, preserved in the Bodleian Library at Oxford, MS. Furney, No. 8, from which the Copy in BiackstoneÕs Charters, Quarto Edition, pages 85, 86, was printed.

37

38

42

. = ..

DÕttleriis dandis.

R. 2.

DÕ mulierib) maritand.

R.2.

DÕ custode Src & hedis mortuo tenente (i.

R.2.

caara

REGIS HENRICI.

ANNO REGNI PRIMO.

A.D. MCI.

Institutiones Henrici Reois.

r A NNO Incamadonis dnicae M.CI. Henricus fili9 Willelmi Regis post obitu fns sui Willelmi, Dei gra Rex Anglop omibj fidelib} Sat.1] Sciatis me Dei miscfdia & comuni consilio (*) Baronu [toci93] regni Anglia: ejusde (4) rege coronatu esse. Et qJa regnu oppressu erat injustis exaddonib}, Ego Dei respe&u, & amore que erga vos (3) habeo, seam Dei ecctia inp'mis libera facio; Ita q¡d nec venda nec ad firraa pona, nec mortuo Archiepo, [gives] Epo, [sive 7] Abbate, aliq'd accipia de diiio Ecctie vel [de8] hominibj ej9 donee Successor in eii ingrediat'; & onis malas consuetudines quibj regnu Anglia: [injuste9] opprimebatur, inde aufero: Quas malas consuetudines ex parte [hie pono.'¡]

Si quis [Baronu Comitu meo<) Ò] sive aliop q1 de me tenent mortuus fuerit, haeres suus n redimet terra sua sicut faciebat tempore fris mei, sed justa & legidma [relevadone relevabit18 ] ea. Simili? & holes Baronu meoj justa & legitima [relevatione relevabunt,J] terras suas de Diiis suis.

Et si quis Baronu (,4) vel [aliojj hominu meoru filia sua [nuptu '6] traderc voluerit, sive sorore sive [nepti Õ7] sive cognata, mecu inde loqÕtur. Sed neqs ego aliq'd de suo p hac licencia accipia, neq, defends ei quin ea det, excepto si [ea18] vellet jungere inimico meo. Et si mortuo barone ('È) [sive80 ] alio homine [meo Ò'] filia haeres remanserit, ilia dabo consilio baronu meoji cu terra sua; & si mortuo [viro Ò] Uxor [ej9 83] remanserit, & sine liberis fuerit, [dote sua & maritationc84 ] habebit, & ea non dabo marito n1 scclm velle suum.

Si v¡ Uxor cu liberis remanserit, dote q'de & maritatione (Ò) habebit du (,6) corpus suum legitime [servaverit,87] & ea non dabo nisi sedm velle suu. Et tVse & liberop custos erit sive Uxor, sive ali9 [ppinquari9 l8] qui [jusd9 I9] esse [debeat: 3¡] & p>cipio ut barones mei [simili?3'] se conrineant erga filios [& 3Ô] filias vel uxores hominu suorum.

Monetagiu comune q¡d capiebatr p civitates & (Ó) comitat9, q"d non fuit tepore Regis Eduuardi, hoc ne amodo [sit 34] ofiiino defendo. Si q's capt9 fuerit sive monetari9 sive ali9 cu falsa moneta, justicia refta inde fiat. Omia placita, & omia debita quae ffi meo [debebant'3i] condono, exceptis reftis firmis [meis,36] & exceptis illis quae pafta erant p alio^ hereditatib;, vel p eis rein quae justius aliis condngebant. Et si qÕs [hereditate sua aliq'd37] pepigerat illud condono, & oiiis [relevationcs quae p re£ds [hereditatibj 'Õj patte [fuerant.4"]

r Henricus dei gra Rex Anglcty, omib) Baronib} 8c fidelib) 1 < enric*1 Rex Anglop Samsoni Epo 8c Ursoni de Abecot L Anglig de Wirecestrescira, Satm. R. 2.

* & assensu interl.R.i. 3 deest R.I ; R. 2.

6 seu R. 2. È vi R.i.

lo suppono R. i. " Baronu meof Comitum R.i

'* revelatione revelabunt earn R. 2.

16 nubitum R.i. *J nepte R-1 ; R. 2.

80 vt R. i; R. 2. 11 dent R. i; R. 2.

13 dotern 8c maritaconem sunm R. t.

86 uxor R.i. >7 svabit R.l.

89 justus R.i. 30 debebit R.I; R. 2.

33 p R.i; R. 2. 34 fiat R.i.

ã (aliquid p hrditate sua R.i. t p feeditate sua aliquid R. 2.

suis Francis 8c Anglis, Salt. R.i.

8c omib) baronib) et fidelib) suis lii francigenis q m

4 regni R.i ¥, R. 2. 3 oms R.i.

8 deest R.i. È deest R.i.

i R. 2. 18 revelacoe revclabit R. a.

14 meoy R. 2. 13 deest R.i.

'* earn R.i j R. 2. 'È mo R, 2.

Ò marito R.i; R. 2. 13 deest R. 2.

,J suam R.i ;ÑR. 2¥ inter/.

18 ppinquo^ R.i \ R. 2.

31 similr similr R. 2. 11 vt R. 1; R. 2.

33 debent' R.i. 38 deest R. 2.

38 revelationes R. 2. 35 heditationib) R. 2.

40 erant R.i.Ñsunt erant R. 2.


Carta

HENRICI, I.

De 9firmatioe legu Edwardi Regis.

R.i.

Et si q's baronu vel hominu meo£ infirmabit', sicut ipse dabit, vel dare disponet pecunia sua, ita datam esse concedo. Quod si ipse pVent9 (') armis vi infirmitate pecunia suam n dederit, [vet*] dare disposuerit, Uxor sua sive liberi aut parentes [8c33 legitimi homines ej9 [earn*] p anima ej9 dividant sicut eis meli9 visum fuerit.

Si q's (si) forisfecrit n dabit vadiu in miscdia (6) pecunia: (7) sicut faciebat tepore patris [mei8] [vel9] fris mei, sed scdm modu forisfafti ita emdabit, sicut emendasset retro a tepore patris mei (lo) in tepore alio£ antecessop meop. Quod si pfidia: vi sceleris conviS9 fuerit, sicut justu [fuerit"] sic emendet.

Murdra etia retro ab [lllo '*3 die qua in rege coronat9 fui [omia,J] condono ; 8c ea que am0 fa da fuerint juste [emendent7u] scdm laga Regis Eduuardi.

[Forestas omi '53 consensu Baronu meo£ in manu mea [rednui,'6] sicut patr ms [eas ,7] habuit.

Milidb} qui p loricas 9ras suas [defendunt,18] tVas dnicaru carrucaru [suarum '9] quietas ab ofnib} [gildis,Ò3 & (Ó) omi ope, [pprio1*] dono meo concedo, [ut sicut ta magno allevamine alleviad sunt,:j] ita se eq's 8c armis bene instruant (u) ad servitiu meu & ad defensione regni mei.

[Paco firma in toto regno meo pono & teneri amodo pcipio.153

Laga Eduuardi regis vobis reddo cu illis emendationibj quib} pater iris earn emendavit (*) consilio baronu suorum.

Si q's aliquid [de rebj meis :?3 vel de rebj alicuj9 post obitu Willelmi Regis fris mei caepit totu cito [sine emdatione reddatV*3 Et si q's inde aliq'd retinuerit, ille sup que inventu fuerit, michi graviter emendabit. [T. M. Londonia: Epo, 8c Gundulfo Epo, 8c Willelmo eledto Epo, 8c Henrico Comite, 8c Sim Comite, 8c Walt Giffardo, 8c Rodbto de Monfort, 8c Rogero Bigoto, 8c Henrico de Portu, apd Londonia quando fui coronatus.193

' vt R.l ¥, R. 2. 2 nec R.i; nc R. j. > aut R.i ; R. 2.

1 baronum vt homin mcOj> R.i; R. 2. 6 tocius R.i.

8 dtest R. 2.

Ò ilia R.\\ Ri.

,s/Forestas coi R.i.

I Forestes comuni R. 2. '* deest R. 2.

Ç deest R. I.

I sue R.i R. 2.

II er R l.

"{

9 & R.i. 20 8c fris mei R.i.

,J oio R. 2. 14 ernedet' R. 2.

10 sic retinui R.i.Ñita tenui R.2. deest R. 2. deserviunt R.i ; R. 2.

*¡ geldis R. 2. 11 ab R. i ; R. 2. :l deest R. 2.

ut sicut benignitas mea ppensior est in eis, ita m' fidcles sint; ct sicut tarn magno g'vamine allevati sunt R.i. ut sicut tarn magno g'vamine allevati it R. 2.

¥5 deest heec clausula R.i.

'-i de meo R.i.Ñde mo R. 2-

44 ut apti 8c parati sint R.i ., R. 2.

26 cu R. 2. lt( reddat absq, emendacione R. i. treddat' absq, emendacone R. 2.

'"Testibj Archiepis, Epis, Baronibj, Comitib3, Vicecom et optimatibj tocius regni Angt apud Westih qn coronatus fui. R.i.

Teste Maur London Ej5o, 8c Witto elco Winton Epo, 8c Gerardo heford Epo, 8c Hen? Comite, 8c Simone Comite, 8c Wal?o Gifardo, 8c Robto de Munford, 8c Rogo Bigodo, 8c Eudone dapifo, 8c Robto fit Hamonis, 8c Robto Malet apud Westm qn coronat9 fui. Vatt. R. a.

Gxdtt \r^C- .

*V iavj Çv ypjimwj ^lUOW <

^ i&>v$t- &**uf "if rMtr'wiMrtf^ nvttr^.-^, tfktiyfap^. cxfear'ttcfck'-Sftor&n^ tvnKuvi lAmino^nnotsT

ÇHx.Ç.fr^/ -Ñ. a^. i- - - ^ ^ *ÑÑ- ^

. . >Èn*nuiÇ

iS3faS?!9frÕJÈÇ

------------ '^cS>^* ^ ÇÇj tÈ^^r ^

¥ In dorso Cartac.

REGIS STEPHANI.

ANNO REGNI PRIMO.

A.D. MCXXXVI.

Carta Stephan Reg" de Libtatibj Ecctie Angt, & Regni. *

lA G O Stphs di gra assensu cleri Sc popti I regie [anglop 1 ] ele£t9, & a W. Cantuar Archiepo, Sc SSe Romane ecctia: legato 9sec*t9, & ab Innof s?e romane sed pontifice (*) gfirmat9; respeHu & amore di sea ecctia lit>a. ee, 9cedo, & debita rev'entia illi qfirmo. Nich me i ecctia, vt reb9 ecctiasticis simoniace adturu, vt pmissuru [ee3] pmitto. Ecctiasticaru psonaru 8c oiu dericop, & reru eo£ Justicia & potestate & dist'butioe [Honop4] ecctiastico^ I manu epop ee, phibeo 8c 9firmo. Dignitates ecctiaru p'vilegiis earu gfirmatas, & gsuetud earu antiq0 tenore habitas; inviolate manle statuo Sc cocedo. Onis ecctiaru possessioes Sc tenuras qÒs die ilia habuert q* [W. rex avus nisJ] fuit vivus Sc mort9; sine oi calupniantiu reclamatioe, eis libas & absolutas ee, 9cedo: Si qÔd v¡ de habitis vt possessis an morte ej9de regis, q'b9 m" careat ecctia, deinceps [repetierit,*] indulgentiae Sc dispen- sadoi meae, vt restituendu vt discutiendu reservo. Quecq, v¡ p9 morte ipsi9 reg libalitate regu, [vt7 ] largitioe p'ncipu, oblatioe [vt*] copatioe, vt q'libet t'nsmutatioe fideliu eis collata St, gfirmo. Pace 8c Justicia, me in oib9 fadturu, & p posse meo, gservaturu eis pmitto. Forestas qÔs [W.9] avus ms & [W.'¡] avuncts nis instituert Sc [huert,"] (Ò) m' reservo. Ce?as (l3) oms q's rex H. supaddidit; ecctiis & regno [qÕetas"] reddo & 9cedo. Si qÔs (,J) eps vt abbas, vt alia ecctastica psona, an morte suii [ratioabili? sua,6] distÕbuerit, vt dist'buenda statuerit; firmu manle 9cedo. Si vÒ morte poccupat9 fuerit; p salute alas ej9, ecctie qsilio eade fiat dist'butio: Du v¡ sedes pp'is pastorib9 vacuae fSint; [ipsas '7] & earn possessioes onis i manu & custodia cticoru vt pboj> hoiu ej9de ccctiae [qmitta; '*] donee pastor canonice substituatr. Os exactioes Sc Injusticias, Sc Mescheningas, sive p vicec, vt [p19] alios q"slib& male indudlas; fundit9 exstirpo. Bonas Leges & antiqÕs, Sc justas 9suetud, in m'dr, 8c plae, 8c aliis causis observabo & observari pcipio, & qsdtuo. HÕ (Ò) oTa geedo, 8c gfirmo, salva regia 8c justa dignitate mea. T4. W. cantuar archiepo, & Hug Roth archiepo, & Hen? Win? epo, 8c Rogo Sar epo, Sc A. Line epo, [8c Nig Eliens epo,2'] & Evrard Norwi? epo, & [Sim Wigorn epo,22] 8c Bern epo [de S. dd.23] & [Audoen ebroiEf epo,Õ*] 8c Ric Abrinc epo, 8c Rob Heref epo, 8c Jobe Rouee epo, Sc Athelult carlo! epo, Sc Rogo Can?, Sc Hen? nep Regis, (*5) 8c Rob Coni GloeC, 8c Witto Com de Warenna, & Ranii Com Cestr, Sc Rob Coin de Warewic, Sc [Robto 8c de Ver,26] Sc Milon de Gloec, 8c Brient fit Coin, Sc Robto de Oilli, Conestabtis, 8c Witto mart, Sc Hug bigot, 8c [Hunt? de Buhun,27] 8c [Sim de Belciip Ò] [dapifer,26] 8c Witto de Albiii 8c Eudoii mart [pincern,30] 8c Rob de ferrer, 8c Witto [peur,3Ô] [de Notingeb,32] 8c [Sim de Saintliz,33] 8c W. de [Albaiii34,] 8c Pag fit Johis, 8c Ham de sco Claro, Sc [Ilbto33] de Laceio. Ap Oxenef Anno [ab Incarnations dn~i36] M.C.xxxvj. [S3 Regni mei primo.37]

* Anglie C. 4 postmodum H.C.

j f Willelmus avus meus rex Angt H.

\ Witts Rex Angt avus meus C.

10 Willelmus secundus H.C.

'* vero H.

ips* H. C.

41 desunt H-

u( A.. Episopo Ebr, H.

\ And Epo Eborac, C.

S. de Belloc H.C.

*¥ desunt H. C.

3 deist C.

6 repecierit H.C.

* deist H.

" tenuerunt H.

aute C.

.s deist H.

43 San£ti David, H. C.

36 Dominic* Incarnacionis

14 quiete C.

*' committantur H. C.

41 S. Episcopo Wirec, H.C.

43 et R. de Fisc, H.

46 Rob. de Ver, H: R. de Ver, C.

30 Pincnis C: Line H.

34 Albafii, H.

*1 in communi concilio H.

"> dapiferis C: dap H.

ã f S. de Sanflo Licio, H. ionis H. lS.de

: Silva Nccli, C.

4 bono> C.

3 deist H.C.

* Willelmus rex H. C. 14 illas C.

46 sua rationabiter H. 44 vero H. C.

ã fV.de Buh,H.

L Humfr de Bohun, C. 31 Pen?, H.

33 J. H.


zz

REGIS STEPHAN I.

Oteptius dei gracia Rex Angt, JustiC, Vicf Baronibj & omnibj Ministris & fidelibus suis francis ^ & anglicis salutem. Sciatis me concessisse & p>senti carta mea confirmasse omnibj Baronibj & hoibj meis de Anglia omnes libertates & bonas leges quas Hen? Rex Angt avunculus meus eis dedit & concessit & omnes bonas leges & bonas consuetudines eis concedo quas huerunt tempore Regis Edwardi. Quare volo & firmiter precipio qd beam & teneant omnes illas bonas leges & libertates de me & heredibj meis ipi & heredes sui libere, quiete & plenarie, et prohibeo ne quis eis sup hiis molestiam vel impediments, vel diminucionem faciat sup forisfcuram meam. Teste Wilto Martel apud London.

REGIS H E N R I C I, II.

Carta R. H. scdni fafta coitati Regni.

Henricus dei gra Rex Angt Dux Normannie & Aquit [&'] Comes Andegavie, [omnibj Comitibj,1] Baronibj & fidelibj suis francis & Anglicis salutem. Sciatis me ad honorem dei & see eccie & pro coi emendacione tocius Regni mei concessisse fct reddidisse & presenti carta mea confirmasse deo & see eccie & omnibj Comitibj & Baronibj & omnibj hominibj meis omnes [con- cessiones & donaciones & libertates & liberas3] consuetudines quas [ Rex4] Hen? avus meus eis dedit & concessit. Sitr eciam omnes malas consuetudines.q*s ipe delevit & remisit, ego remitto & deleri concedo pro me & he? mes. Quare volo & firmiter pcipio qd sea eccia & omnes

Comites & Barones & omnes mei h5Ies, omnes illas consuetudines & donaciones & libertates & liberas consuetudines heant & teneant libere & quiete, bene & in pace & integre de me & heredibj meis, sibi & heredibj suis adeo libere & quiete & plenarie in omnibj sicut Rex Henric9 avus meus eis dedit & concessit & carta sua confirmavit. T. Rico de Luci [apud Westm.s]

> Jesunt B.

REGIS JOHANNIS.

ANNO REONI XVI.

A.D. MCCXIV.

Carta Joh'is Regis Ut lifee sint Eleftiones tocius Anglie.

TOHANNES Dei gracia, Rex Anglie, Dns Ybnie, Dux Norm & Aquitann, (Ô) Com And, Archiepis, Epis, Comitib}, Baronibus (Õ) Militibus, Ballivis, & omnibus has litteras visur [vt auditur,1] Salutem. [QmÔ] inter nos & venerabiles patres nostros Stephanum Cantuar Archiepm, tocius Anglie Primatem, & Santte Romane Ecclesie Cardinalem, Wittm Lond, Eustacfi Elyeii, Egydium Heref, [Goscelinu5] Batft & Glaston, & Hug LinC Epos, sup dampnis & ablatis (6) tempore Interdi&i, p Dei graciam de mera & libera voluntate utriusq, ptis plene convenit: Volumus non solum eis quantum scdm Deum possumus satisfacere, verum eciam toti Ecclesie Anglicane salub'ter & utiliter ippetuum providere: Inde est q, qualiscunq^ consuetudo, temporibus nostris & predecessorum nostrorum haftenus in Ecclesia Anglicana fuerit observata, & quicquid juris nobis ha&enus vendicavWus in eleftionibus quorumcuq, prelatorum, Nos ad peticionem iporum pro salute anime nostre & predecessorum ac successorum nostrorum regu Anglie liberaliter mera & spontanea voluntate de cdmuni [consensu7] Baronum nostrorum concessimus & constituimus & h*c presenti Carta nostra confirmavimus; ut de ceto in uni9sis & singut ecclesiis & monasteriis cathedralibus & conventualibus tocius regni nri Anglie libere sint imppetuu electiones quorumcuq,, prelatop majoj> & minors; salva nobis & here- dibus nostris custodia ecclesiap & monas?iop vacanciu que ad nos ptinent. Proniittimus etiam q nec ipediemus, nec ipediri pmittem9 p nostros nec pcurabimus quin in singulis & univ^sis ecclesiis & monasteriis memoratis postquam vacavint prelature qiicunq, voluerint libere sibi [proficiant*] ele&ores pastorem. Petita tamen p'us a nobis & heredibus nostris [licenciam9] eligendi, quam non denegabim9, nec difF'emus. Et si forte q, absit denegarem9 vt diff'emus [pcedant nichilomin9 eledtores ad eleftionem canonica faciendam; & sitr post celebratam etcftem noster requiratur assensus, quem [similiter113 non denegabim9, nisi aliquid racionabile pposuerimus & legittie pbaPim9, pp qd no debeamus cosentire. Quare volumus & firmiter [inhibem9 "3 ne quis vacantibj Ecciis vt monasteriis cont* hanc nostram concessionem & constitucoem in aliquo veniat vel venire presumat. Si quis vero contra hoc aliquo unq*m temp veSit maledi&oem omnipotentis Dei & nostram incurrat. [IJHiis Testibus, PetÓ Wynt Epo, Witto Mariscall Com Penbrofc, Witto Com Warenn, Rand Corn Cestr. Saher Com Wintoii, Gaufr le Mandevitl Coin Gloucest? & Essex, Witto Com de Ferr, Witto Brewer, Warino fit Geroldi, Witto de Cantilupo, Hug de Nevit, Rofeo de Ver, Witto de Huntingfeld. Data p manum Magistri Ricardi de Marisco, Cancellarii nostri, apud Novum Templum London vicesimo primo die Novembris anno regni nostri sexto decimo.,J3

I &c R. 1 & R. 1 daunt R. * Quoniam IX. R. > Jocelinu R.

6 eo^ IX. R. i concessensu R. * pficiant R. 5 licencia R.

10 nichilominus pcedent R. " dent R. 11 jubemus R.

II Hiis testibj. . Wynton Epo, W. Marescallo Comite Penbroch, W. Comite Warannie, R. Comite Cestr,

S.Comite Wynton, G. de Clare Comite Glouc & Essessie, W. Comite de Ferrariis, W. Briwerr, W. filio Geroldi, W. de Cantilupo, H. de Newillis, Rob to de Veer, W. de Huntyngfeld. Dat p manus Magistri Rici de Mariscis Cancellar nri q'nto decimo die Januar apud Novu Templum London anno regni nn sexto decimo. R.

c


arttcutt £^agne Carte Sabertatum,

Sub Sigillo Regis Johannis.

A.D.MCCXV.

Ista sunt Capitula q Barones petunt & dns Rex concedit

€ T'JOST decessum antecessojj heredes plene etatis habebunt hereditatem suam p antiquum Relevium JL exp'mend in carta.

€ Heredes q' infra etatem sunt, & fSint I custodia cum ad etatem pveiiint, hebunt hereditatem suit sii relevio & fine.

€ Custos terre heredis capiet ronabiles exitus, consuetudines, & ?vitia sn destruftione & vasto hominu & reru suar, & si custos Pre feSit destru&om, & vastum, amittat custodiam & custos sustentabit domos, parcos, vivaria, Stagna, Molendina, 8c cetera ad Pram illam ptinentia de exitibj terre ejusd, & ut heredes ita maritent', ne disparagent' & p consilium ppinquop de consanguinitate sua.

€ Ne Vidua det aliquid p dote sua, vi maritagio post decessum mariti sui, Sj maneat 1 domo sua p xl. dies post mortem ipius, & infra Pminum ilium assigned ei dos, & maritagium statim heat & hereditatem suam.

€ Rex vi Batts n5 saisiet Pram aliq"m p debito dum catalla debitoris sufficiunt, nec plegii debitoris distringantr dum capitat debitor sufficit ad Solucom. Si vero capitat debitor defePit i solutione, si plegii volSint heant Pras debitoris, donee debitu illud psolvat' plene, nisi capitalis debitor monstrare poPret se ee in quietum erga pleg.

€ Rex no concedet alic1 Baroni qd capiat auxilium de lihis hominib} suis n1 ad corp9 suu redi- mendum, & ad faciend p'mogenitu fit suu Militem, Sc ad p'mogenita filia sua semel maritanda, & hoc faciet p ronabile auxilium.

€ Ne aliquis maj9 servitiu faciat de feodo militis q"m inde debet'.

€ Ut comunia placita no seq*ntr curia diii Reg, S3 assignent' I aliquo certo loco, & ut recognitones capiant' i eisd Comitatibj I hunc modum ut Rex mittat duos Justic p iiijor vices i anno q1 cum iiij"' militibj ejusd Comitatus eleftis p Comitatu capiant assisas de nova dissaisina, morte ancessoris & ultima p'sentatione, nc aliq s ob hoc sit sumonitus nÔ juratores & due ptes.

€ Ut lib homo amerciet' p pvo delifto, sedm modum delicti, & p magno delicto, sedm magnitudinem delicti Salvo contineiiito suo. Villan9 etia eod modo amerciet' salvo waynagio suo, & Mercator eodem modo salva marcandisa p SacÕmentum pbo^ hominu de visneto

€ Ut cticus amerciet' de laico feodo suo sedm modum aliop p*dco£, & no sedm bnficium ecciiasticuin € Ne aliq* villa amerciet' p pontib3 faciendis ad Riparias nisi ubi de jure antiquitus ee solebant € Ut mensura Vini, Bladi, & latitudines panno^ & Rerum alia? emendet', & ita de ponderib3 € Ut assise de Nova dissaisina & de morte ancessoris abbrevient', & simiir de aliis assisis € Ut nullus Vic intromittat se de placitis ad corona ptinentib3 sii coronatorib3, & ut Comitatus & Hundr sint ad antiqÒs firmas absq., nullo incremento exceptis dnicis maneriis Reg.

€ Si aliquis tenens de Rege moriatur, licebit Vic vt alii Batto Reg, seisire 8c Ibreviare catallum ipius p visum legalium hominu, Ita tfi qd nich in amoveat' donee plenius sciat' si debat aliquod liquidum debitum duo Regi, 8c tunc debitu Reg psolvat'. Residuu vero relinquat' executorib3 ad faciend testamentum defunfti, 8c si nich Regi debetur, omia Catalla cedant defundto.

€ Si aliqjs lib ho intestat9 decesserit, bona sua p manu pximio^ parentum suo^ & amicop 8c p visum Ecctie distribuant'.

€ Ne Vidue distringant' ad se maritand dum voluerit sn marito vivere, Ita tn qd securitatem facient qd non maritabunt se sii assensu Reg si de Rege teneant, vl dtIo£ suo^ de qÔb3 tenet € Ne Constabulari9 vt alius Ballivus capiat Blada vt alia Catalla nisi statim denar in reddat, nÔ respectu hre possit de voluntate venditoris.

Goa gJe

.Irticn/r .\frtrfftr ft/rfc ./o/nnuii-"': in .1/Ut. Jirit. asserVUttJktu'em pnntrj pages 6 1-7 the thiattrs oj Lihfitii-s



3rtfculi £JBagrte Carte lUbertatum,

JOHANNIS.

€ Ne Constafe possit distringere aliq^' militem ad dand denar p custodia castri si voluerit fa8e c9todia ilia i p'a pÒ vt p alium pbum hominem si ipe earn facere no possit p robilem cam & si Rex eum duxerit i excercitu sit q'etus de custodia scdm q*ntitatem tpis

€ Ne Vi2 vt Batts Reg vt aliqÔs alius capiat eqÓs vt Carettas alic9 libi hominis p cariag faciendo nÔ ex voluntate ipius.

€ Ne Rex vt Batts suus capiat alienu Boscum ad castra vt ad alia agenda sua n' p voluntatem ipius c9 Boscus ille fSit

€ Ne Rex teneat terram eo£ qui fSint convidi de felonia nisi p unum annu & unum diem, S3 tunc reddat' duo feodi.

€ Ut oms Kidelli de ce?o penit9 deponant' de Tamisia, & Medewaye, k p tota Angt.

€ Ne bre quod vocat' pcipe de cePo fiat alic1 de aliq" tenenito uii lib homo amittat curia sua € Si quis fffit disseisitus vt plongatus p Rege sn juditio de bris, libtatibj, & jure suo, statim ei resti- tuat', & si contentio sup hoc orta fSit, tunc in disponatr p juditiu xxv. Baronu, & ut illi qui fSint dissaisiti p prem vt frem Reg, rectum heant sine diione p juditiu parium suoj i Curia Reg, & si Rex debeat hre Pminum aliop cruce signatop, tunc Archieps & Epi faciant inde juditiu ad certum diem appttone remota.

€ Ne aliquid detur p brevi Inquisitionis de vita vt menbr, sj libe concedat' sn pcio & no neget'.

€ Si aliquis tenet de Rege p feod firma, p Sokagium vt p Burgagium, k de alio p Servitiu militis, dns Rex no fiebit custodia militu de feod alri9, occasione Burgagii vt Sokagii, nec debet hre custo- diam Burgagii Sokagii vt feod firme, & qd lib homo no amittat militia sua occasione pvarum sgan- tisarum sicuti de ill qui tenent aliquod tenenitum reddendo inde Cuttellos vt Sagittas vt huj9modi.

€ Ne aliq's Batts possit ponere aliquem ad legem, simplici loquela sua sn testibj fidelibj.

€ Ne corpus libi hominis capiat', nec impjsonetr, n' dissaisiet', n' utlaget', nr exule/, nc aliquo modo destruat', nc Rex eat vt mittat sup eum vi nisi p juditiu parium suo£ vt p lege terre.

€ Ne jus vendat', vt differrat', vt vetitum sit.

€ Qd Mercatores heant salvu ire & venire ad emendu vt vendendu sii omibj malis toltis p antiq"s & r'tas consuetudines.

€ Ne Scutagium vl auxilium ponat' i Regno nÔ p comune consilium Regni n1 ad corp9 Reg redimendu, & p'mogenitum fit suu milite faciend, & filia sua p'mogenita semel maritandam, & ad hoc fiat ronabile auxilium. Simili modo fiat de taillag & auxiliis de Civitate London & de aliis Civitatibj que in hnt libtates, & ut Civitas London plene beat antiq*s libtates & libas consuetudies suas tarn p aqÔs q* per terras.

€ Ut liceat unicuiq^ exire de Regno & redire, salva fide diii Reg, n' tempe Werre p aliquod breve tempus pp? comunem utilitatem Regni.

€ Si quis mutuo aliquid accepit a Judeis plus vt min9 & moriat' anteq* debitum illud solvat', debitum n5 usurabit q,Ôdiu heres fffit infra etatem de quocunqs teneat & si debitu illd incident i manu Reg, Rex no capiet n' catallum quod continet' i carta.

€ Si quis moriat' & debitum debeat Judeis, uxor ejus heat dotem suam, & si libi remanserint, pvideant' eis necessaria scdm tenenitum, & de Residuo solvat' debitum, salvo servitio dnojj. Simili modo fiat de aliis debitis & ut custos tre reddat heredi cum ad plena etatem pveffit tram sua instaurata scdm qd ronabitr po?it sustinere de exitibj ?re ej9d de carucis & Wainnag.

€ Si quis tenuerit de aliq* Eskaeta, sicut de honore Walingeford, Notingeham, Bonou, & Lankastf, & de aliis Eskaetis q sunt i manu Reg, & sunt Baronie, & obierit, heres ejus no dabit aliud relevium vt faciet Regi aliud servitiu, q1 faceret Baroni, & ut Rex eod modo earn teneat, quo Baro earn tenuit. € Ut fines qui fcS sunt p dotibj, Maritagiis, hereditatibt, k amerciamentis ijuste k corn* legem terre, omnino condonent', vt fiat inde p juditiu xxv. Baronu vt p juditium majoris ptis eo^dem una cum Archiepo, & aliis quos secum vocare voluerit. Ita qd si aliquis vt aliqui de xxv. fumt in simili querela, amoveantur, k alii loco illorum per residuos de xxv. sbstituant'.

€ Q~ obsides & carte reddantur que libate fuert Regi in securitatem.

€ Ut illi qui faint ex* foresta no veniant coram Justic de foresta p comunes sumonitbes nisi sint i placito, vt plegii fSint, & ut p*ve consuetudines de forestis k de forestariis k Warenniis k Vi?, & Rivar emendentur p xii. milites de quolibet Comitatu qui debent eligi p pbos homines ejusdem Comitat9.


arttculi $9agne Carte lUbertatum,

JOHANNIS.

€ Ut Rex amoveat penitus de Battia pentes & totam sequelam Gerardi de Atyes qd de ce?o Balliam n5 heant, sett, Engelardu, Andr, Petr & Gyonem de Cancett, Gyonem de Cygon Math de Martiny k fres ejus, & Galfr nepotem ejus, k Philippum Mark.

$ & ut Rex amoveat alienigenas, milites stipendiaries, Balistarios & Ruttarios & Servientes qui veniunt

cum equis & armis ad nocumentu Regni.

€ Ut Rex faciat JustiC, Constabular, Vic, & Battos de talib3 qui sciant legem terre & earn bn velint observare.

S Ut Barones qui fundaverunt Abbatias unde tint cartas Regum vi antiq*m tenuram, heant custodiam earum cum vacaverint.

€ Si Rex Walenses dissaisierit vt elongaverit de terris vt lifetatib} vt de Rebj aliis in Angt vt in Wallia, eis statim sn placito reddant', k si fSint dissaisiti vt elongati de tenemtis suis Angt p prem vt frem Reg sn juditio parium suop, Rex eis sn dilone jusdtia exhibebit eo modo quo exhibet Anglicis justiciam de tenementis suis Angt, sedm legem Angt, & de tenemtis Watt sedm legem Watt, k de tenemtis Marchie, sedm legem Marchie. Idem facient Walenses Regi & suis.

€ Ut Rex reddat filium Lewelini, & pterea oms Obsides de'

Wallia & cartas que ei lifeate fuert in securitatem pacis € Ut Rex faciat Regi Scott de Obsidibj Reddendis & de libta- tibj suis & jure suo sedm forma q*m facit Baronib3 Angt J € Et oms foreste que sunt aforestate p Regem tempe suo deafforestent', & ita fiat de Ripariis que p ipm Regem sunt in defenso

€ Oms aut istas consuetudines & libtates q*s Rex concessit Regno tenendas q*ntum ad se ptinet erga suos, omnes de Regno tarn ctid qÒm laici observabunt qÒntu ad se ptinet erga suos

A

I n1 ali? ee debeat p cartas q"s Rex is I

)ht p Juditiu Archiepi & alio* quos a- _______________

secum vocare voluerit.

€ Hec est forma Securitatis ad observanduin pacem k libertates In? Regem k Regnum. Barones eligent xxv. Barones de Regno quos voluerint, Qui debut p totis viribus suis observare, tenere, & facere observari pacem k libtates qÕs dns Rex eis concessit & carta sua confirmavit. Ita videlicet qd si Rex vt Justic, vt Ballivi Reg vt aliq's de Minist's suis i aliquo erga aliquem deliquerit, vt aliquem articulo^ pacis aut Securitatis t*nsgressus fSit, k deliftum ostensum fSit iiij.or Baronib3 de predcis xxv. Baronib3, illi iiij.¡' Barones accedent ad dominum Regem vt ad Justic suum si Rex fSit ext* Regnum pponentes ei excessum petent ut excessum ilium sn dilatione faciat emendari, & si Rex vt JustiC ejus illud n5 emendaverit si Rex f2it ex* Regnum infra ronabile temp9 determinandum i carta f?dci iiij."r referent cam illam ad Residuos de itt xxv. Baronib3, & illi xxv. cum comuna tori9 ?re distringent & g*vabunt Regem modis omnib3 quib3 poterunt, Sett p captionem castrop, ?rarum, possessionum, & aliis modis quib3 potert donee fSit emendatum sedm arbit'um eo^, Salva psona dni Reg, k Regine, & liberop suo^, & cum fSit emendatum, intendant dno Regi sicut prius. Et qui- cumq, volSit de ?ra jurabit se ad predCa exequenda pariturum mandatis pdCoji xxv. Baronu, & g*vaturum Regem p posse suo cum ipis k Rex pubblice k libere dabit licentia jurandi cuilibet qui jurare voluerit, & nulli umqs jurare phibebit. Oms aute illos de ?ra qui sponte sua & p se noluerint jurare xxv. Baronibj de distringendo & g*vando Regem cu eis, Rex faciet jurare eosdem de mandato suo sicut predem est. Item si aliquis de p*dcis xxv. Baronib3 decesserit vt a terra recesserit vt aliquo modo alio impedilus fSit quomin9 ista pMca possint exequi, qui residui fSint de xxv. eligent alium loco ipius p arbitrio suo qui simili modo erit juratus quo & ceteri. In omib3 autem que istis xxv. Baronib3 comittunt' exequenda, si forte ipi xxv. p*sentes fSint & in? se sup re aliq* discordaverint, vel aliqui ex eis vocati nolint vt nequeant interesse, ratum hebitr & firmu qd major ps ex eis pviderit vt precepit, ac si oms xxv. in hoc consensissent, & predCi xxv. jurabunt qd omia antedCa fideli? observabunt, & p toto posse suo facient observari. Preterea Rex faciet eos securos p cartas Archiepi & Epop & Magri Pandulfi qd nich impetrabit a dno pp* p quod aliqua istar coventionum revocet' vt minuatr, k si aliquid tale impetraverit, reputetur irritum & inane, & numq'm eo utatr.


N

V

V

9>

¥0

S

I


$2L eamxa

REGIS JOHANNIS.

XV. DIE JUNII, ANNO REONI XVII. A.D.MCCXV.

Jo ties dei gra Rex Angi Dns Hibnie Dux Norm [& Aquit,1] Com And Archiepis, Epis, Abbtiby, Coni, Baronibj, Justiciariis, Forestariis, Vicecomitibj, Prepositis, Minist's, & Omniby Baliivis & fidelib3 suis, Safi. Sciatis nos intuitu dei & j> salute anime nre & omium aiicessorum & heredu nrorum ad honorem dei & exaltacione see ecctie & emendationem Regni nri p consilium veniabtium prm nro£ Stephi Cant Archiepi, Toti9 Angt Primatis, & see Romane ecctie Card, Henr Dublinefi Archiepi, Witti Lond, Petri Winton, Joscelini Bathoii & Glastoii, Hugoii Line, WalPi Wigorii, Witti Coventreii, & Benedci Roffeii EjSorum, Magn [Pand1] Dni Pape Subdiaconi & fainiliaris, [&*] fris [Eimerici *] Magri Militie Tempt in Angt & Nobtium virop Witti Marescatt Com Penbrof, Witti Com Sarresbyr, Witti Com Warenn, Witti Corn Arundett, Alani de Galweia, Constabtaf Scotie, Warin fit Gerold, [Hubti de Burg Senescati Pictav, Petr fit Herebti,3] Hug de Nevitt, Matfti fit Herebti, Thom Basset, Alani Basset, Philippi de Albiniaco, [Rob de Roppelay,6] Jobis Marescatt, Johis fit Hug, & aliojs fideliu nrop, In primis cocessisse do & hac psenti carta nra confirmasse p nob k hedib3 nris in ppetuum quod Anglicana ecctia liba sit & bat Jura sua integra, k libtates suas illesas, & ita volum9 observari, q¡d apparet ex eo quod libtate eleftonum q maxima & magis neccaria reputat' ecctie Anglicane mera & spontanea voluntate an discordiam in? nos & Barones nros motam, concessim9, & carta nra confirmavim9, & earn obtinuim9 a Dno Papa Innocentio ?cio confirmari, q*m & nos observabim9, & ab hedib3 n?is inppetuum bona fide volum9 observari. Concessim9 ecia omib3 libis boib3 regni nil p nob & bediby nris in ppetuum oiris libtates subsc'ptas bndas & tenendas eis & bedib3 suis de nob & hedib3 nris. Si quis comitum vt baronum nro£ sive alioru tenentiu de nob in capite p servitiu militare mortuus fSit, & cum decesserit heres suus plene etatis fuit, & relevium debeat, habeat heditatem sua p antiquu relevium, scilic& heres vt heredes comitis de Baronia comitis integra, p Centum Libras, heres vt heredes baronis de Baronia integra, p Centu [Lib's,7] heres vt heredes militis de feodo militis integro, p Cent Sot ad plus, & qui min9 debSit min9 det sedm antiq'm consuetudine feodojs. Si aut heres alicuj9 talium fffit infra etatem & fSit in custodia, cum ad etatem pvehjit, habeat beditatem suam sn relevio & sine fine. Custos t re huj9modi bedis q1 infra etatem fSit, n capiat de ?ra bedis nisi ronabiles exit9 & ronabiles consuetudines, & ronabilia servitia, & hoc sine destruftione & vasto h5ium vt rerum. Et si nos c5miserim9 custodiam alicuj9 talis terre vicecomiti vt alicui alii q1 de exitiby illius nob responde debeat, & ille destruftionem de custodia fe?it vt vastum, nos ab illo capiem9 emendam, & ?ra comittatr duob3 legalibt & discretis hominiby de feodo illo q' de exitiby respondeant nob vt ei cui eos assignavim9. Et si dedimus vt vendidim9 alicui custodiam alicuj9 tat tre, & ille destruction^ inde fe?it vt vastum, amittat ijiam custodia & tradatur duob3 legaliby & discretis hominiby de feodo illo, qui simitr respondeant nob sic preddm est. Custos aut q'mdiu custodiam ?re huerit, sustentet domos, parcos, vivaria, Stagna, Molendina, & cePa ad tram illam ptinentia de exitiby tre ejusde, & reddat bedi cum ad plenam etatem pveniit, Pram sua totam Instauratam de carrucis & [waignagiis š] sedm qd temp9 [waignagii Õ] exiget, & exitus Pre ronabili? potunt sustinle. Heredes maritent' absq^ [dispa Ñ atione *¡] ita (") qd anteq'm contrahat' mrimonium ostendat' ppinq's de consanguitate ipius bedis. Vidua post morte mariti sui stati k sii difficultate

' Aquit, 8c C. i ; C. a. 1 Pandulfi C.i; C. 2 ; R.

3 diest C. i ; C. 2 ., R. 1 Eymerici C. i.ÑAyiSici C. 2.ÑEmeriti R.

3 Petri filii Herebti, Hubti de Burgo Senescatti Pi£tavie, C. I ; C. 2 ; R.

6 Robti de Roppet C. I; C. a_Robti Roppet R. 7 libjs R.

. Wainnagiis C.i ; Waynag C. a ; Wanagiis R. * Wainnagii C.i ; Waynagii C. a \ Wanagii R.

10 disparagatione C. I; C. 2; R. 11 tamen C. i; R.Ñtam C. 2.

D


fl@agna Carta

JOHANNIS.

habeat maritagiu 8c fieditatem sua, nec aliq'd det p dote sua vt p maritagio suo, vt heditate sua, q'm heditatem maritus suus & ipa [tenSrnt'] die obit9 ipius mariti, & maneat in domo mariti sui p q'draginta dies post mortc ipius, infra quos assignetur ei dos sua. Nulla vidua dist'ngatur ad se [maritandutn3] dii volSit vivÕe sii marito, ita tn qd securitatem faciat qd se n maritabit sn assensu nro si de nob tenSit, vt sn assensu dni sui de quo ten8it si de alio ten8it. Nec nos nec ballivi nri saisiem9 tram aliq'm nec redditu p debito aliquo q'mdiu catalla debitoris sufficiunt ad debitum reddendum, nec [plegii3] ipius debitoris dist'ngant', q'mdiu ipe capital debitor suflicit ad solutonem debiti; & si capital debitor defedit in solutone debiti ii hns unde solvat, [plegii3] respondeant de debito, 8c si volSint, hant rras & reddit9 debitoris donee sit eis satisfffm de debito qd ail p eo solv'd . nisi capital debitor monstravit se ee quietu inde Psus eosde [plegios.4] Si quis mutuo cepit aliq'd a Judeis plus vt min9 & moriat' anq'm debitum ittd solvat', debitu n usuret q*mdiu heres fSit [-- f- as] etate de quocumq, teneat; Sc si debitu itld incidit in man9 nras, nos ii capiem9 nÔ catallu contentu in carta. Et si quis moriat' & debitu debeat JudTs, uxor ej9 hat dotem sua & nich reddat de debito illo, 8c si libi ipius defuncti q' fSint infra etate remanserit, pvideant' eis neccaria sedm tenenitum qd fiiit defundti, Sc de residuo solvatur debitu, salvo servitio dhop. Siti modo fiat de debitis q debent' aliis q'm Judeis. Nullu scutagiu vt auxiliu ponat' in regno nro nisi p comune consiliu regni nii ; nisi ad corp9 nrm redimendu Sc p'mogenitu filiu nrm milite faciendu, Sc ad (ilia nram p'mogenitam semel maritanda, Sc ad [hec,6] non fiat nisi ronabile auxiliu. Sili modo fiat de auxiliis de civitate London. Et civitas London habeat onis antiq's libtates Sc libas consuetudines suas tarn p tras q"m [pÕ] aq*s. PrePea volum9 Sc concedim9 qd onis alie civitates Sc burgi, 8c ville, & Port9 hant oms libtates Sc libas consuetudines suas. Et ad hndu comune consiliu regni de auxilio assidendo ali? q*m in t'bt casib^ p>dcis, vt de scutagio assidendo, sumonii faciem9 Archiepos, Epos, Abbes, Comites, Sc majores barones sigillatim p LitPas nras. Et p>?ea faciem9 sumonli in ghali p vicecomites Sc ballivos nros onis illos q' de nob tenent in capite ad certii die, ScilicSc ad Pminu q'draginta dieru ad min9, & ad Ptuin locu, 8c in omibj litPis illi9 sumonitois cam sumonitonis exp'mem9, 8c sic fca sumonitone, negm ad die assignatum pcedat sedm consiliu illo^ q' presentes f8int, q'mvis h onis sumoniti veSint. Nos ii concedem9 decePo alic1 qd capiat auxiliu de libis hoibj suis, nisi ad corp9 suu redimendu Sc ad faciendum p'mogenitu filiu suu milite, 8c ad p'mogenita filia suam semel maritandam, 8c ad hec, ii fiat n' ronabile auxiliu. Nullus distÔngatr ad faciendu majus servitiii de feodo militis nec de alio libo tenemto, qÒm inde debetur. Comunia placita no seqÕntur curiam nram ; S3 teneant' in aliq¡ [certo loco.*] Recognitones de nova dissaisina, de morte aheessoris, 8c de ultima presentatone n capiant' nisi in suis comitatib3, 8c hoc inodo; Nos, vt si ext" regnu fSim9 capital Justiciar!9 nr mittem9 duos Justiciaries p unuqueq, comitatu p q'ttuor vices i anno, q' cu qÕttuor militib5 cuj9lib8c comitat9 etcis p comitatu capiant i comitatu 8c in die 8c loco comitat9 assisas p*dcas. Et si in die comitat9 assise pdee capi non possint, tot milites 8c libe tenentes remaneant de itt qui in?fSint comitatui die illo, p quos possint [sufficien? Judicia9] fieri, sedm qd negm fSit maj9 vt min9. Lib ho no aniciet' p parvo delifto, n' sedm modu delicti, Sc p magno delido aiSciet' sedm magnitudine delidi, salvo conteneihto suo, 8c nJcator eodem modo, salva nicandisa sua, 8c villan9 eode modo aiSciet' salvo [waignagio Ô¡] suo, si incidit i misediam nram, 8c ntta predcarum misediaru ponat' nisi p sacramtum pborum hdium de visneto. Comites 8c barones ii anicient' nÔ p pares suos, 8c ii nisi sedm modu delicti. Nullus cticus ante let' de laico tenemto suo n' sedm modu aliop p'dCorum, 8c n5 sedm qÕntitate biificii sui ecctiastici. Nec villa nec ho disbgatur fac?ere pontes ad Riparias, nisi qui ab antiq¡ 8c de jure face debent. Nullus vicecomes, Constablarius, Coronatores, vt alii ballivi nri teneant placita corone nre. Onis Comitat9 [8c " ] Hundredi, [Trethingii, 8c Wapentachii "] sint ad antiq's firmas absq, ullo incremto; exceptis dnicis maSiis nris. Si aliq's tenens de nob laicu feodu moriat', 8c Vicecomes vt Batts nr ostendat litras nras patentes de sumonitone nra de debito qd de- functus nob debuit, liceat vicecomiti vt Batto nro attachiare 8c inbreviare catalla defun&i inventa in

1 tcniicrut R. 1 maritandu C.l -, maritand

' infra C. 1 ; C. 2 ; R. 6 hoc R.

I judicia sufficien? C. 1 ; C. 2 ; R.

II deest C. 1 ; C. 2 ; R.

C. 2 ; maritandam R. ÕpleggiiC.l. 4 pleggios C.l.

t deest R. 8 loco certo C.l; C. 2 ; R.

lo Wainnagio C.l ; Waynagio C. 2 ; Wanagio R.

14 WapentaK 8c Trething C.l ; Wapentalt 8c Trethingi C. 2; /?¥


$[)agna Carta

JOHANNIS.

laico feodo ad valentiam illi9 debiti p visu legaliii hoium ; Ita tii qd nich inde amoveat', don' psolvat' nob debitum qd clarum [fuit,1] & residuu relinq'tur executorib) ad faMendu testairitum defun&i, & si nich nob debeatur ab ipo, omia catalla cedant defun&o, salvis uxori ipius, & pSis, ronabilibj ptibj suis. Si aliquis lib ho intestat9 decesserit, catalla sua p man9 ppinquoru pentum & amicoru suof p visu ecctie distribuant', salvis unic'q, debitis, q defunft9 ei [debebat.1] Nullus constabtarius vt ali9 ballivu' nr capiat blada vt alia catalla alicuj9, n' stati inde reddat denarios aut respan inde iire possit de voluntate venditoris. Nullus constabtari9 dist'ngat alique milite ad [dandu Õ] denarios p custodia cast' si fac?e voluit custodia ilia in pp'a psona sua, vi p alium pbum hoiem si ipe ea fa?e non possit, pp rSnabilem cam; & si nos duxim9 vt miserim9 eum in exercitu, erit quiet9 de custodia scdm q*ntitate tempis quo p nos fSit in [excitum.4] Nullus vie vt Batts nr vt aliq's ali9 capiat equos vt [carettas1] alicuj9 libi hois p carriagio faciendo; nisi de voluntate ipius libi hois. Nec nos nec batti nri capiem9 alienum boscu ad castra vt alia agenda nra nisi p voluntate ipius cuj9 boscus ille fSit. Nos non tene- bim9 Pras illop qÔ convifti f8int de felonia, n' p unu annu & unu die, & tuc reddant' Pre dnis feodojs. Oms [Kidelli6] decePo deponant' penit9 de [Tamisia7] & (*) [Medewaye,9] & p totam Angt nisi p costeram maris. Breve qd vocatur p*cipe decePo n fiat alicui de aliq¡ tenemto unde lib homo [possit amitPe '¡J curiam suam. Vna mensura vini sit p totum regnu nrm, & una mensura cervisie & una msura bladi, scilic& [QÒrtariu"] Lond, & una latitudo panno^ tinfto^ & Russetto^ & Halbergetto^ scilic& due ulne infra listas. De pondibj aut sit, ut de mesuris. Nich det' vt capiat' decePo p bvi inquisitonis de vita vt menb's ; S3 gratis concedat' & non neget'. Si aliq's teneat de nob p feodifirmam vt p [socagiu Ò] vt p burgagiu, & de alio Pram teneat p servitiu militare, nos n hebimus custodia hedis nec Pre sue q est de feodo alPius, occone illi9 feodi firme vt [socagii"] vt burgagii, nec hebimus custodia illi9 feodi firme vt [socagii>!] vt burgagii, n' ipa feodifma debeat servitiu militare. Nos n hebim9 custodiam hedis vt Pre alicuj9 q*m tenet de alio p servitiu militare oCfone alic9 pve [SerjanPie M] q*m tenet de nob p servitiu reddendi nob cultellos vt sagittas vt huj9modi. Nullus batts ponat decePo alique ad legem simplici loqla sua sine testibj fideiib} ad hoc indudtis. Nullus lib ho capiat' vt inpÔsonet' aut dissaisiat' aut utlaghet', aut exulet', aut aliq¡ modo destruat', nec sup eu ibim9 nec sup eum mittem9 nisi p legale juditiu pariu suojs vt p lege Pre. Ntti vendem9, ntti negabim9, aut diffemus reftum aut Justitia. Oms iQcatores bant salvu & securu exire [abIJ] Angt, & venire in Angt, (ÔÔ) morari & ire p Angt tarn p Pram qÔm p aq*m ad emend & vendend sine omibj malis toltis p antiq*s & reftas consuetudines, p'PqÒm in tempe guerre & si sint de terra cont* nos guerrina, & si tales inveniant' in Pra nfa in p'ncipio guerre, attachient' sn dampno corpm & rr donc scial' a nob vt [capitali Justiciar nroquornÓ iScatores Pre nre traftentÕ qÔ tuc invenient' in Pra cont* nos guerrina, & si nri salvi sint ibi, alii salvi sint in Pra nra. Liceat unic'q, decePo exire de regno nro & redire salvo & secure p Pram & p aqÕm salva fide nra nisi tempe guerre, p aliqd breve tep9 pp comunG utilitate regni exceptis inp'sonatis & utlaghatis scdm lege regni, & gente de Pra cont* nos guerrina, & ficatoriby de quibj fiat siS predcmest. Si quis tenSit de aliq* escaeta [sic18] de honore Wallingeford, Notingeham, [Bolon, Lancastr,'9] vt de aliis escaetis q sunt i manu nra, & sut baronie, & obierit; heres ej9 ii det aliud relevium nec faciat aliud nob servitiu q*m faPet baroni, si baronia ilia Get in manu baronis, & nos eode modo earn tenebim9, quo baro earn tenuit. Holes qui manent ext* forestam non veniant decePo coram Justiciariis nris de foresta p comunes sumonitiones nisi sint i placito vt plegii alic9 vt aliq¡£ q' attachiati sint p foresta. Nos no faciem9 Justiciaries, Constabtarios, vicecomites, vt battos nÔ de talibj q' sciant lege regni & earn bn velint observare. Omnes barones qui fundavta Abfeias unde hnt cartas Regu Angt vt antiq*m tenuram, hant earu custodia cum vacavW, sic? hre debent. Oms foreste q afforestate sut tempe nro, stati deafforestent', & ita fiat de Ripariis q p nos temp . nro posite sut in defenso. Oms male consuetudines de forestis &

1 fSit C.i} C. a; R. 1 debeat R.

Õ caretas C.i ; carettas R.

8 de C. 2; R. Ç Medwai R.

" Quarterium C.i ; q"fiu C. 2 ¥, qÕrteriu R.

15 Sokagii C.I; Sokag C. 2 ; Soccagii R.

,J de C.i} C. 2; R- 16 & C. 1 ., C.2-, R.

" dee it R. "> Bon, Lainkastr, C.

I ducendu R. ¥ Excercitu C. 1 ; excitu C. 2 ;

6 Kydelli C.I. 9 Thamisia C.I -, R.

10 amittere possit C. I ; C. 2. R.

II Sokagium C.i; C. 2 ;ÑSoccagiu R.

14 Sergenterie C. 1.

'l a Justiciario nro capitali R.

R.


$)agna Carta

JOHANNIS.

Warrennis Sc de forestariis & Warrennariis, Vicecom, & eo£ minist's, Ripariis, & earn custody stati inq'rant' in qÓlib& comitatu p duodeci milites juratos de eode comitatu qÔ debet eligi p pbos holes ejusde comitat9, & infra qÒdraginta dies post inqu'sitoem fcam penit9, ita qd nuqÔm revocent', deleant' [p eosde, Ita qd nos hoc pri9 sciam9 vl Justiciari9 nr si in Angi n5 fSim9.'] Oms obsides Sc cartas stati reddem9 q libate f unt nob ab Anglicis I securitate pads vi fidelis servitii. Nos amovebim9 penit9 de balliis parentes Gerardi de [Atyes Õ] qd deceto nttam hint battiam in Angt, [Enget de Cygoyh,3] [Andf, Petr, Sc Gyone4] de Cancel!, Gyone de [Cygoyn,3] Galfr de [Martiny*] & fres ej9, [Philipp Marc,7] & fres ej9 & Galfr nepote ej9, & tota seqlam eorude, & stati post pacis reformatoem amovebim9 de regno oms alienigenas milites, Balistarios, servientes stipendiaries qÔ veSint cu eqÕs & armis ad nocunitum regni. Si quis fSit dissaisit9 vl elongat9 p nos sil legali juditio pariu suop, de terris, [castett,*] libtatibj, vl jure suo, statim ea ei restituem9, Sc si contentio sup hoc orta fSit, tuc inde fiat p Juditiu viginti q'nq, baronu de q'b3 fit mentio inferi9 in securitate pacis. De ofilibj aii illis de quibj aliq's dissaisit9 f8it vl elongat9 sn legali judito pariu suojj p Henf Rege pfem nfm vl p Ric rege ffem nfm q in manu nra bemus vl q alii tenent q nos opteat warantizare, respem hebim9 usq, ad comune Pminu cruce sign atop, exceptis ill de quibj placitu motu fuit vl inquisitio fSa p jJceptu nrm an susceptone cruris nfe. Cu au redierim9 de pegÕnatoe nra vl si forte remanserim9 a peg'natoe nra, stati inde plena iustitia exhibebim9. Eunde au respem hebim9 [& eode m" de justitia exhibenda9] de forestis deafforestandis [vl remansuris forestis10] q*s Henr pf nr vl Rie fr nr afforestavnt, Sc de custodiis traru q sunt de alieno feodo, cuj9modi custodias hucusq^ huim9 occone feodi qd aliq's de nob tenuit p servitiu militare; Et de Abbtiis q fundate fSint I feodo alu9 q*m nfo in qÔb} dils feodi dixit se jus hre ; Et cu redierim9 vl si remaserim9 a peg'natione nra, sup hiis conqrentibj plena justitia stati exhibebim9. Nulls capiat' nec inprisonet' pp appellum femine de morte alti9 q"m viri sui. Oms fines q1 injuste & contÒ lege tre fei sunt nobcum, & ofnia an)cianita fca injuste & cont* lege tre omino condonent', vl fiat inde p juditiu viginti q'nq, baron de q'b3 fit nitio inferi9 in securitate pacis, vel p juditiu majoris ptis eorudem una cu predco Stepho Cant Archiepo si in tee potit & aliis quos secu ad hoc vocare vol&it, & si in?ee non potit, nicbomin9 pcedat negm sine eo; Ita qd si aliq's vl aliqui de pMcis viginti q'nq^ baron faint I simli qrela, amoveant' qÕntu ad hoc juditiu, & alii loco eoru p residuos de eisde viginti q'nqs [tm "] ad hoc faciendu elci & jurati, substituant'. Si nos disseisivim9 vl elongavimus Walenses de tris vl libtatibj vl rebj aliis sil legali juditio pariu suop [in Anglia vl in Wallia,11] eis stati reddant', & si contentio sup hoc orta fSit, tuc inde fiat in marchia p juditiu pariu suo<> de tenemtis Angl, sedm lege Angt, de tenemtis Wallie, sedm lege Wallie, de teneintis marchie, sedm lege marchie. Idem facient Walenses nob & nris. De ornibt ail ill de q1 by aliq's Walensiu dissaisit9 fuit vl elongat9 sn legali judito pariu suo£ p Henr Rege pfem nfm vl Ric Rege ffem nfm q nos in manu nfa bins vl [que ,3] alii tenet q nos opteat warantizare, respem hebim9 usqs ad comune Pminu cruce signatoj, ill exceptis de quibj placitu motu fuit vl inquisito fca p preceptu nfm an susceptonem crucis nfe. Cum aut redierim9 vl si forte remanserim9 a peg'natione nfa, stati eis inde plena justitiam exhibebim9, sedm leges Walensiu Sc ptes p*dcas. Nos reddem9 filiu [Leulinil4] stati Sc oms obsides de Wallia & cartas q nob libate fSnt in securitate pacis. Nos faciem9 Alexandf Regi Scottop de sororib3 suis & obsidib3 reddendis Sc libtatib3 suis Sc Jure suo sedm forma in q* faciem9 aliis baronib3 nfis Angl, n' air ee debeat p cartas quas hemus de Witlo pfe ipius q¡nda rege Scotto^, & hoc erit p juditiu pariu suo$ in curia nfa. Oms au istas consuetudines p'dcas & libtates qÒs nos [concessim9 's] I regno nfo tenendas, q'ntu ad nos ptinet erga nfos, oms de regno nfo tarn clici qÒm laici observent q"ntu ad se [ptinet,6] erga suos. Cum aut p do Sc ad emendatoem regni nfi Sc ad meli9 [sopienda'Õ] discordia

1 scribuntur ad ptdem Carta. C. I; C. 2.

> Engelardum de Cygony, C.l ; C. 2; R.

> Cygony C. i ; C. 2 ; R.

i Philippum Mark, C.l.ÑPhilippum Marti, R.

9 1

, j-scribuntur adpedem Carta. C.l ; C.%.

15 concessissim5 C.i.

* Athyes C. I ; C. 2.

4 Petrum et Gionem et Andr C. 2.

6 Martyni C.l__Martinny C. 2.ÑM'rteni R.

* Castallis C.i; Castellis C. 2 ; R.

" tantum C. 2; R. 11 scribuntur ad pedem Carta. C.l.

13 dees/ R. "Ç Lewelini C.l \ C.i i R.

16 ptinent R. '? sopiend C. I; C.2.Ñsopiendu R.

$)agna Carta

JOHANNIS.

in? nos & barones nros ortam ft omia p*dca [concesserim9,1] volentes ea integ* Sc Anna stablitate [in ppctuu gaude ; Õ] facim9 & concedim9 eis securitate sbsc'ptam, videlic& qd barones [eligent'] viginti q'nq, barones de regno quos voluint, q' debeant p totis viribj suis observare, ten!e, Sc fa8e observari pace & libtates qÕs eis concessim9 & hac psenti carta nra confirmavim9; Ita scilic& qd si nos vt Justic nr vt batti nri vl aliq's de minist's nris in aliqÓ erga alique deliqrim9, vt aliqu? artictorii pacis aut securitatis t*nsgressi f8im9, & deliftum ostensum fffit qttuor baronibj de pdSs viginti q'nq, baronibj, illi qttuor barones [accedent 4] ad nos vt ad Justic nrm si fSim9 extra regnu pponentes nob excessu, petent ut excessum illu sine dilatone faciam9 emendari. Et si [noss] excessum non emendavW9 vt si fuim9 ext* regnu, Justiciari9 nr n5 emendaPit infra temp9 q'draginta dieru compu- tand a tempe q¡ monstratu fSit nob vt Justidario nro si ext* regnu fSim9 j p*dd q'ttuor barones referant [cam6] ad residuos de [itt7] viginti q'nq, baronibj, & illi viginti q'nq, barones cu comuna toti9 ?re dist'ngent & g*vabunt nos modis omibj quibj po?unt, scilic& p captione castrop, ?raril, posses- sionu, & aliis mod quibj pot unt donc fait emendatu scdm arbit'um eop salva psona nra & Regine nre & liborum nro£, & cu fSit emendatu, intendent nob sic! pri9 fe?unt. Et q'cumq, volSit de ?ra, juret qd ad pdca omia exeqnda, parebit mandatis pVtco^ viginti q'nq, baronu, & qd gravabit nos p posse suo cu ipis, & nos publice & libe dam9 licentiam jurandi cuilib& q' jurare volSit, & ntti uq*m jurare [phibebim9.8] Oms aut illos de ?ra qui p se & sponte sua [nolSint9] jurare viginti q'nq, baronibj de dist'ngendo & gravando nos cum eis, faciem9 jurare eosde de mandato nro sic! predCm est. Et si aliq's de (,0) viginti q'nq, baronibj decesserit, vt a Pra recesserit vt aliq¡ alio modo impeditus fSit quomin9 ista pMca [possent "] exeq', qui residui fSint de [p'dcis11 ] viginti q'nq, baronibj, eligant aliu loco ipius p arbit'o suo q' simti modo erit jurat9, quo et ce?i. In omibj aui que istis viginti q'nq, baronibj comittunt' exeqnda, si forte ipi viginti q'nq, p*sentes fSint & in? se sup re aliq* discorda- vW, vt aliq' ex eis sumoniti nolint vt neqant in?ee, ratu heatur & firmu qd major pars cof qui psentes fSint pvidit vt p*cepit, ac si oftis viginti q'nq, in hoc consensisset Et p*dci viginti q'nq, juret qd omia ahdca fidetr observabut, & p [toto ,J] posse suo facient observari. Et nos nich impetra- bim9 ab aliq¡ p nos nec p aliu p quod aliqua istarum concessionu [& '*] libtatum revocet' vt minuat'. Et si aliquid tale impetratu fSit, irritu sit & inane, & nuq1 eo utemr p nos nec p aliu. Et oms malas voluntates, Indignatoes, & rancores ortos in? nos & holes nros cticos & laicos a tempe discordie plene omibj remisim9 & condonavim9. PrePea oins t*nsgressiones fcas occone [ejusde,J] discordie a Pascha anno Regni nri Sextodecimo, usq, ad pacem reformatam plene remisim9 omibj cticis & laicis, & q'ntum ad nos ptinet, plene condonavim9. Et insup fecim9 eis fieri litPas testimoniales patentes Dni Stepbi Cant Archiepi, Dhi Henf Dublineii Archiepi, & Eporum pMforum, & Magri [Pand,6] sup securitate ista & concession^ prefatis. Quare volumus & firmi? precipim9 qd angli- cana ecctia liba sit, & qd holes in regno nro habeant & teneant oms pfatas libtates, Jura, & conces- siones, bn, & in pace, libe, & quiete, plene, & integre, sibi et heredibj suis de nob & bedibj nris in oinibj rebj & locis in ppetuum sic predcm est. Juratum est aut tarn ex parte nra q*m ex parte baronum, quod hec orfiia sup*dca bona fide & sine malo ingenio [servabunt'.'7] Testibj supradcis, & multis aliis. Dat p manum nram In Prato quod vocatur [Runimed'"] In? [Windleshof'"] & [StanesIO] Quintodecimo die Junij, Anno Regni Nfi [Septimodecimo.*1]-----------

' concessimš C. a; R.

J eligant C. x ; C. a ; ft.

6 causam illam C.f, C. 2-, R.

* voluint R. 10 pdcis R-

'5 tote R. vel R.

observabunt' C. 2; R.

ÕÕ Windeleso^ C. I;ÑWindleso^ C. a.ÑWindlesore R

3 gaudere c.I.Ñgaudere in ppetuum,

* accedant C. I ; C. a; R. J dent R.

i deist C. i. * phibemš R.

" possint R. 11 illis R.

,J huj9 R. .Ç Pandulfi C. i; R.

18 Runingmed C.i.ÑRonimed C. a.ÑRunigmed R.

Ò Stan C. 2. u Decimo Septimo C. a.

E


REGIS HENRICI III.

XII. die novembkis, anno regni primo. A.D.MCCXVI.

T TENRICUS dei gratia Rex Angt Doininus Hybn Dux Norm [Aquif & Ô3 Comes And Archiepis, Epis, Abhibj, Comitibj, Baroniby, Justiciar, Forestariis, Vicecomitibj, Prepositis, Ministris, (') Ballivis, & [omibj3] fidelity suis, Salutem. Sciatis nos intuitu Dei & p salute anime nre & omnium Antecessoj} & Successor nro£, ad honorem Dei & exaltacbm See Ecctie & emendationem Regni nri p consilium venerabilium patrum nrop Domini Guat T.' T.~ Sci Martini PresbiPi Cardin Aptice Sedis Legati, Petri Winton, R. de S?o Asapho, J. Batthoii & Glaston, S. Exon, R. Cicestr, W. Coventr,

B. Roffeii, H. [Landav/J Menevens, Bango^, & S. Wygorii, Epo^ ; & nobilium virop

Wittmi Mariscalli Comitis Penbroc, Ranulfi Comitis Cestr, Witt mi de Ferrar Comitis [Dereb,5] Wittmi Comitis [Albermari,6] Hubti de Burgo Justiciar nri, [Savarici7] de Maloleone, Wittmi [Brig- werr*] pat's, Wittmi [Brigwerr9] filii, Robti de Curtenay, Falkesii de [Breaut','¡] Reginaldi de Vautort, [Walteri de Lascy,"] Hug' de Mortuo mari, Johis de Monemut', [WalPi de Bello Campo,Õ*] Wal?i de Clifford, [Rog?i de Clifford,*3] Robti de Mortuo Mari, Wittmi de Cantilup', Mathi filii Herebti, Johis Mariscatt, Alani Bassett, Philipp de Albiniaco, Johis Extranei, & alio£ fidelium nrojs : Inprimis concessise Deo, & hac presenti Carta nfa confirmasse, p nob & heredibj nris in ppetuum, quod [Anglicana u] Ecctia liba sit & heat jura sua integra & libtates suas illesas. Concessimus eciam omnibj libis hominibj [Regni nil,J] p nob & heredibj [nfis *6] in ppetuum oms libtates subsc'ptas hndas & tenendas eis & hedib} suis de nob & heredibj nris. Si quis Comitum vt Baro- num nro£ sive aIio£ tenentium de nob in Capite p serviciu militare mortuus fu*it, & cum decesserit heres suus plene etatis fSit & relevium debeat, heat hereditatem suam p antiquum relevium, sett heres vt heredes Comitis de Baronia Comitis integra p centum libras, Heres vt heredes Baronis de Baronia (*7) integra p centum lib's, Heres vt heredes Militis de [feodo18] militis integro p centum solidos ad plus, & qui min9 debSit min9 det sedm antiq'm consuetudinem feodo!}. Si autem heres alic9 taliu fSit infra etatem Dominus ejus non [heat custodiam ejus *9] nec tVe sue anteq* homa- gium ejus cepit, & postq'm talis heres fSit in custodia [cum,0] ad etatem pvenlit, sclt vigiti [uni9 anti11] heat heditatem suam sn relevio & sn fine Ita tii q^ si ipe dum infra etatem f&it [fiat **] miles, nichomin9 tVa remaneat i custodia Domini sui usq, ad fininu j?dcm. Custos tre [huj9modi *3] heredis qui infra etatem f8it non capiat de ?ra hedis nisi ronabiles exitus & ronabiles consuetudines & ronabilia servicia & hoc sn destruftoe [& **] vasto hominum vt rerum. Et si nos commisim9 custo.diam alic9 tat tre Vicecomiti vt alicui alii qui de exitibj tre illius nob respondere debeat, & ille destruftionem de Custodia fecit vt vastum, nos ab [illo*5] capiemus emendam, & fra comittat* duobj legalibj & discretis hominibj de feodo illo, qui de exitibj nob respondeant vt ei cui illos assigna- vW9 & si dederimus vt vendiderim9 alic' custodiam alic9 tat tre, & ille destruftione in fe?it vt vastum, amittat [ipam custodiam *6] & tradat* duobj legalibj & discretis hominibj de feodo illo qui simili? nob (*7) respondeant sicut predem est. Custos autem q'mdiu custodiam tre huerit, sustentet domos, parcos, [vivarios, stagna,18] molendina, & ceta ad tram illam ptinentia de exitibj tVe ejusd & [reddat ÒÕ] hedi cum ad plena etatem pveSit tram suam totam instauratam de carucis & ofriibj aliis rebj ad min9 sedm qd [ilia 3¡] recepit. Hec omia obsvent* de [custodiis3'] Archiepatuum, Epatuum, Abbatiaru, Prioratuum, Ecctia^, & [Dignitatum Õ*] vacantium excepto q, custodie huj9modi

vendi no debet.

Heredes maritent*

absqs dispagacoe. Vidua

post mortem mariti

sui statim & sn

' & Aquitanie

1 Civibus

3 deeit

4 London

3 de Derb

6 de Aubemarle

7 Savaricii

8 Bruerie

È Bruer

"> Breute

" W. de Laci

11 W. de Beuchaump 13 dees!

14 Hybnicana

13 de regno nro

16 deest

o baronis

18 feudo

'Ç fiebit custodiam ipius

*¡ deest

Ò & unius annoj}

11 deest

Ç hsi &

>* vt

13 eo

16 custodiam illam

inde

18 vivaria, stangna,

reddet

30 illas

>' custodia

11 dignitatuu


09agna Carta

I. HENRICI in.

[difficultate'] aliq* heat maritagium suum & hereditatem suam nec aliquid dct p dote *ua vt [p1] maritagio vt hereditate sua, q'm hereditatem marit9 suus & ipa tenuerint die obit9 ipi9 mariti; & maneat (3) i domo mariti sui p quadraginta dies post mortem ipius mariti sui, infra quos ei assignet' dos sua nÔ pri9 ei fSit assignata vt nisi domus ilia [sit *] castrum; & si de castro recesserit statim pvideat' ei domus competens i qua possit honeste morari quousqs dos sua ei assignet' s?dm qs predfm est. Nulla Vidua dist'ngat' ad se maritandu dum volSit viPe sine marito, ita tn q\ secu- ritatem [faciet5] q, se no maritabit sii assensu nro si de nob tenSit vt sfi assensu domini sui si de alio tenuerit. Nos [vero4] vt Ballivi nri non saisiem9 tYam aliq'm nec Redditum p debito aliquo, q*mdiu Catalla debitoris presentia sufficiunt ad debitum reddendum, & ipe debitor pat9 [sit7] in satisfacere. Nec Plegii ipius debitoris dist'ngant' qÕmdiu ipe capital debitor .[sufficiat *] ad solucom debiti. Et si capital debitor defepit [i solucoe debiti,9] no hhs un reddat aut reddere nolit cum possit, plegii respondeant de debito, & si volSint fceant tVas & reddit9 debitoris quousq^ sit eis satisfcm de debito qd ante p eo solvW, nisi capital debitor monstraPit [se in ee quietum10] Psus eosdem pleg. Civitas [London Ò] beat oms antiq's libtates 8c libas consuetudines suas. Preterea volumus & con- cedimus qd oiiis alie Civitates [8c Burgi & Ville, & Barones de QÕnq, Portubj & onls port9,11] beant oms libtates & libas consuetudines suas. Nullus distringat' ad faciendum maj9 serviciu de feodo Militis nc de alio libo teneiiito qÔm in debet'. Communia placita non seq*ntur curiam nram, S3 teneant' I aliqÓ certo loco. Recognitiones de Nova disseisina, de morte antecessoris, (11) de ultima presentacoe no capiant' nÔ i suis Comitatibj & hoc modo; Nos, vt si ex* Regnum fSim9 capitalis Justiciari9 nr, mittem9 duos Justiciarios p unumq'mq^ Comitatum p quatuor vices i anno, Qui cum qiuor Militib3 cuj9libet Comitatus eledis p Comitatum capiant [i Comitatu i die ,4] & loco Comitat9 assisas predcas. Et si in die Comitat9 assise predSe capi non [possint,IS] tot Milites & libe tenentes remaneant de illis q1 inPfSint Comitatui die illo p q"s possint sufficient* judicia fieri s?dm qs negociu fuit maj9 vt min9. Liber homo non amerciet' p pvo delido nisi scdm modum [ipius,6] delidi, & p magno delido scdm magnitudinem delidi, salvo contenefrito suo, & Mercator eodem modo salva [mer- candisaÕ7] sua, & Villanus eodem modo amerciet'salvo [Wainagio '*] suo, si incideritin miscdiam nram. Et nulla pred&qt miscdiam ponat' nÔ p sac'mtu pboji & legaliu hominu de Visneto. Comites & Barones non amercient' nÔ p pares suos, & no nisi scdm modum delidi. Nullus Cticus amerciet' ri scdm formam predco^&no scdm q''ntitatem biificii sui ecctiastici. Nec Villa nec homo [dist'ngat"9] fa?e Pontes ad Riparias nisi q1 ab antiq" & de jure fa?e [debet.Ò] Nullus Vicecomes, Constabulari9, Coronatores, vt alii Ballivi nri teneant placita Corone nfe. Si aliq's tenens de nob laicum feodum moriat' & Vicecomes vt Batts nf ostendat littas nfas patentes de sumonicbe nra de debito qd defundus nob debuit, liceat Vic vt Batto nro attachiare & inbreviare catalla defundi inventa i laico feodo ad valenciam illius debiti p visum legaliu hominu Ita tn q% nich in amoveat' donee psolvat' nob debitum qd clarum fSit, & residuu relinq*' executorib3 ad faciend testamentii defundi. Et si nich [nob"] debeat' ab ipo oniia catalla cedant defundo Salvis Uxori [ipius Ò] & pueris suis ronabilib3 ptib) suis. Nullus Constabulari9 vt ejus Batts capiat blada vt alia catalla alic9 qui no sit de villa ubi Castru situm est, n' statim in reddat denarios [aut1J] respedum in hre possit de voluntate Venditoris: Si aute de villa [fffitÇ] teneat' infra tres septimanas precium reddere. Nullus Constabulari9 dist'ngat aliqu* Militem ad dandum denarios p custodia Castri si ipe earn fact volSit i pp'a psona sua, vt p alium pbum homine si ipe earn fact no possit pp? ronabilem causam. Et si nos duxerimus vt misim9 eum i excercitum erit quiet9 de custodia scdm q'ntitatem tempis quo p nos fuit i excercitu. Nutts Vicecom vt Batts nr vt alius capiat eq¡s vel carettas alic9 p cariagio faciendo n' reddat libacom antiq't9 statuta sett p caretta ad duos Equos decern denarios p diem & p caretta ad tres eq¡s quatuordecim denarios p diem. Nec nos nc Batti nri capiem9 alienum Boscum ad Castra vt alia agenda nra n' p voluntatem ipius cuj9 bosc9 ille fSit. Nos no tenebim9 ?ras [eo^ >!] qui convicti f8int de felonia nisi p unum annum & unum

¥ dilacone

1 deest

> vidua

4 f3it

1 faciat

4 Jet it

1 deest

* suflicit

9 in solucoe

10 se quietum esse

" Dublin

11 Ville 8c Burgi 8c omnes

portus

È 8c

14 & in Comitatu & in

die

0 possunt

16 deest

17 nlcandasia

'* wannagio

19 dist'nget'

debent

" deest

Ò sue

¥1 vt

14 fuit

15 illop


£@agna Carta

I. HENRICI m.

diem 8c tunc reddant' 9re dominis feodop. [Omnes Kydelli dece?o deponant' penitus p Tamisiam & Medeweiam & p totam Angt'] nisi p costeram Maris. Breve qd vocat' Precipe dece?o no fiat alicui de aliq" tenemto unde liber [homo Ò] amittere possit curiam suam. Una mensura Vini sit p totum Regnum nrm, 8c una mensura Cervisie, 8c una mensura Bladi, sett, Quarterium [London,3] 8c una latitudo pannop tinttojt [8c *] Russettop, [8c4] Haubgetop, sett due Ulne infra listas. De ponderibj autem sit ut de Mensuris. Nichil detur decet*o p brevi inquisic&is de Vita vt Membris, S3 g*tis concedat' 8c non negetr. Si aliqÕs teneat de nob p feodi firmam vt Sokagium vt p Burgagium, 8c de alio ?ram teneat p serviciu militare, [nos no3] bebimus custodiam bedis nec ?re sue que est de feodo altius occasione illius feodi firme vt Sokagii vt Burgagii, Nec bebimus custodiam illi9 feodi firme vt Sokagii vt Burgagii nisi ipa feodi firma debeat serviciu militare. Nos non bebim9 custodiam [fiedis vt 9re alic96] q*m tenet de alio p serviciu militare occasione alic9 pve [Serganterie7] q*m tenet de nob p serviciu reddendi nob Cultellos vt Sagittas vt huj9modi. Nullus Baits ponat decePo aliquem ad legem simplici loquela [sua8] sn testib} fidelibj ad hoc induftis. . Nullus liber homo capiatr vt imp'sonet' [aut9] dissaisiat' aut utlaget' aut exulet aut aliquo alio modo destruat' nec sup eum ibimus nec sup eum mittemus nisi p legale judiciu parium suojp vt p legem terre. Nulli vendemus nulli negabim9 aut diflTemus redtum aut justiciam. Omnes Mercatores nisi publice [anteIO] phibiti fSint beant salvum 8c securum exire de [Anglia,11] 8c venire i [Angt '*] 8c morari 8c ire p [Angt,11] tarn p [Pram ,3] qÔ p aq's, ad emendum 8c vendendum, sn omib3 malis toltis p antiq's 8c reftas consuetudines pretq4 in tempore Guerre, 8c si sint de Pra cont* nos guerrina, Et si tales iveniant' i tra nra I p'ncipio Guerre, attachient1 sn dampno Corpum vt rerum donee sciat' a nob, vt a Capitali Justiciar nro, q¡modo mercatores Pre nre t*£tentr qui tunc Ivenient' i tra cont* nos guerrina ; 8c si nfi salvi sint ibi, alii salvi sint in tra nra. Si qÔs tenuerit de aliq* Escaeta sicut de honore Walingeford', Notingeh, Boloii, Lancastr, vt [de '*] aliis Escaetis que sunt i manu nra 8c sunt Baronie, 8c obierit, heres ejus non det aliud relevium nc facial nob aliud serviciu qÔ facet Baroni si Pra ilia eet I manu Baronis 8c nos eodem modo [earn13] tenebim9 quo Baro-eam tenuit. Homines qui manent ex* forestam non veniant decePo coram Justiciar nris de Foresta p comunes sumonitiones n1 sint i placito vt plegii alic9 vt aliquop qui attachiati [sunt,6] p foresta. Omnes [Barones ,7] qui fundavW Abbatias, uii bnt cartas Regum Angt vt antiq'm tenuram, beant earum custodiam cum vacavW sicut hre debent 8c sicut sup* declaTatum est. Omnes Foreste que afforestate sunt tempore Reg Johis patris nri statim deafforestent1, 8c ita fiat de Ripariis que p eundem J. tempe suo posite sunt i defenso. Nullus capiat' vt imprisoned pp? apellum femine de morte alPius q1 viri sui. ['* Et si Rex J. pater nr dissaisierit vt elongavÕit Wallenses de fris vt libtatib3 vt aliis reb3 sn legali judicio parium suoj> i Anglia vt i Wallia, eis statim reddant', 8c si contentio sup hoc orta fSit, tunc in fiat i Marchia p judiciu parium suo£, de tenemtis Angt sedm legem Angt, de tenemtis Wallie sedm legem Wallie, De tenenitis Marchie sedm legem Marchie. Idem facient Wallenses nob 8c nris.,8] Omnes autem istas consuetudines predcas 8c libtates q*s [nos ÕÕ] concessimus i Regno nro tenendas q*ntum ad nos ptinet erga nros, oihs de Regno nro tarn Ctici q4 laici [obsvent Ò] q*ntum ad se ptinet erga suos. Quia vero quedam Capitula i priori Carta continebant' que gravia 8c dubitabilia videbant', sett de Scutagiis 8c auxiliis assidendis, de Debitis Judeop 8c aliop, 8c de libtate exeundi de Regno nro [vel *'] redeundi i Regnum (") [8c1J] de Forestis, 8c Forestariis, (**) Warennis 8c Warennariis, [8c13] de Consuetudinib3 Comitatuum, 8c de Ripariis 8c earum Custody, placuit supradcis Prelatis 8c Magnatib3 ea 'n respectu quousq, pleni9 consilium buerim9 8c tunc faciemus plenissime tarn de hiis q4 de aliis que occurrerint emendenda, [que **] ad comunem oinium utilitate [ptinuerint17] 8c pacem 8c statum nfm 8c Regni nil. Quia vero Sigillum nondum huim9 p>sentem Cartam Sigillis veSabit patris nfi Dhi Guat T.~ T.~ Sei Martini Presbiti Cardin Aplice Sedis Legati 8c Wittmi Mariscalli Comitis Penbr, ReQoris nri 8c Regni nri, fecim9 sigillari. Testib3 omib3 pnoiatis 8c aliis multis. Dat p manus pdidojs Dni Legati 8c Wiltmi Mariscatt [Coin Penbr ,8] apud Bristollum duodecimo die Novembris anno Regni nostri P RIM O.

1 Et omes

kydelli deponant' de ce?o p totam Auenlich 8c p totam Hybm

! deest

8 Dublin

\ dfj UTli

s nc

6 alicujus Sre vt hedis

Õ gjantic

8 deest

9 vt

antea

11 Hybn

ia Hybm

18 'tras

14 deest

0 ea

,6 sint

homines

18 desunt ha clausula.

.9 deest

JO conservet ,r 5c

Ó nrm

18 deest

14 de

Ôi deest

1,6 id qd

*> pertin3it

*' desunt


©aÇJBa caiaxa

REGIS HENRICI III.

A.D. MCCXVII.

HENRICUS Dei gracia Rex Angt Dns Hibernie Dux Normannie Acquitanie & Comes Andegavie, Archiepis, Epis, Abbib3, Prioribj, Comitib}, Baronibj, Vicecomitibj, Prepositis, Ministris, & offiib} Ballivis & fidelib3 suis p'sentem Cartam inspecturis, Sail. Sciatis qd intuitu di, & p salute anime nre & anima^ antecessojj & successor nrop ad exaltatoem SSe Ecctie & emendatoem Regni nri, qcessimus & h*c p'senti Carta 9firmavim9 p nob & hedibj nris in ppetuum, de consilio veflabilis PHs nri Dni Guat T.~ T.~ Sci Martini Pbri Cardinal & Aplice Sedis Legati, Dni WalPi Ebor Archiepi, Willi London Epi, & alio<5 Epop Angl, & Willi Mariscall Com Pembr Redloris nn & Regni nri & alioj> fideliu Comitu & Baronu nro£ Angl Has Lifetates subscriptas tenendas in Regno nro Angl I ppetuum. In primis concessim9 do & hac psenti carta nra 9firmavim9 p nob & ftedibj nris i ppetuum, qd Anglicana Ecclia liba sit & hat jura sua integ* & libtates suas illesas. Concessim9 etiam omibs libis homing Regni nri, p nob & hedib3 nris 1 ppetuum, orbs libtates subscriptas tenendas eis & hedib3 suis de nob & hedib3 nns. Si quis Comitu vt Baronu nrop sive aliop tenentiu de nob in Capite p serviciu militare mortuus fSit, & cu decesserit heres ej9 plene etatis fffit & releviu debeat, habeat heditate suam p antiquu releviu, scilt, heres vl fledes Comitis de Baronia Comitis integra p centu Libr, heres vt tledes Baronis de Baronia integ* p centu Libr, heres vt hdes Militis de feodo Militis integro p centu solidos ad plus & qui minus debSit min9 det scdm antiq'm qsuetudine feodop. Si aute heres alicuj9 taliu fSit infra etate Dns ejus fi hat custodiam ej9 nec Pre sue anteq*m homagiu ejus cepit, & postq*m tabs heres fSit in custodia cu ad etate pven!it, scilt vigiti & uni9 anni, hat heditate suam sine relevio & sine fine, Ita tii, qd si ipe infra etate fffit, fiat Miles, nichilomin9 fra remaneat i custodia Dno£ suop usq> ad Pminu pdcm. Custos Pre huj9modi hedis qui infra etatem fffit no capiat de Pra hedis nisi ronabiles exitus & ronabiles 9suetudines & ronabilia servicia & hoc sine destruftoe & vasto holm vt reru. Et si nos comiserim9 custodiam alicuj9 alicuj9 talis Pre Vicecoih vl alicui alii qui de exitib3 tre illius nob debeat responde & ille destrudloem de custodia fec?it vl vastum, nos ab illo capiem9 emendam, & Pra gmittat' duob3 legalib3 Sc discretis hoib3 feodo illo qui de

exitibj nob respondeant, vl ei cui eos assignavÕim9, & si dedimus vel vendidim9 alicui custodiam alicuj9 talis tre & ille destrufloem inde fePit vt vastum, amittat ipam custodiam, & tradat' duobj legalib; Sc discretis homing de feodo illo qui simitr nob respondeant sicut pdcm + . Custos aute qÕmdiu custodiam tre huerit sustentet domos, pcos, vivarios, stagna, molendina, & ceta ad tram illam ptinentia de exitib3 Pre ejusdem, Sc reddat hedi cu ad plenam etate pveSit, Pram suam totam instauratam de carucis & oihib3 aliis reb3 ad minus scdm qd illam recepit. Hec ofnia observent' de custodiis Archiepatuu, Epatuu, Abbacia^, Prioratuu, Ecctiaij, & Dignitatu vacanciu que ad nos ptinent, Excepto qd Custodie huj9modi vendi no debent. Heredes maritent' absqs dispagatone. Vidua post morte mariti sui statim & sine difficultate aliqua hat maritagiu suum & heditatem suam, nec aliquid det p dote sua & p maritagio suo vt heditate sua qÔm heditate maritus suus & ipa tenffint die obitus ipius mariti & maneat in capitali mesuagio mariti sui p xl. dies post obitu ipius mariti sui, infra quos assigned ei dos sua, nisi pri9 fSit ei assignata, vt n1 domus ilia sit Castru, & si de Castro recesserit, statim pvideat' ei dom9 9petens in qua possit honeste morari quousq, dos sua ei assigned scdm qd f?d£m + Et hat ronabile estuvlum suu inPim de coi. Assignet' aute ei p dote sua Pcia pars toci9 Pre mariti sui que sua fuit in vita sua, n1 de minori dotata f$it ad ostium Ecctie. Nulla Vidua dis- tringat' ad se maritand dum voluit vive sine marito ; Ita tii, qd securitate faciat qd se n5 maritabit

F


fl^agna Carta

A.D.MCCXVII.

sine assensu nro si de nob tenSit vt sine assensu Dni sui si de alio tenSit. Nos So vi Ballivi nn no saisiemus Pram aliq*m nec redditu p debito aliquo qÔmdiu catalla debitoris jPsentia suffiSint ad debitu reddendu & ipe debitor paratus sit inde satisfaSe. Nec plegii ipius debitoris distringant' q*mdiu ipe capital debitor sufficiat ad solonem debiti. Et si capital debitor defeSit in solone debiti, no habens unde reddat aut redde nolit cum possit, plegii respondeant p debito, & si volSint hant Pras & redditus debitoris quousq, sit eis satisftm de debito, qd ante p eo solvW, n1 capital debitor monstravÕit se inde ee quietum versus eosdem plegios. Civitas London hat omnes antiquas libtates & libas consuetudines suas. PrePea volumus & gcedim9 qd oms alie Civitates & Burgi & Ville & Barones de quinqs portibj & oms port9 hant oms libtates & libas psuetudines suas. Nullus dis- tringat' ad faciendu maj9 serviciu de feodo militis nec de alio libo tenemto q*m inde debetr. Comunia placita n5 sequant' clam nram, sed teneant' in aliquo loco Sto. Recognicbes de nova dissaisina, de morte antecesso^ ii capiant' n1 in suis Comitatibj & hoc m¡: Nos vi si ex* Regnu fSimus capital Justiciari9 nr mittem9 Justiciarios p unuqueq, Comitatu semel in anno qui cu militib} Comitatuu capiant in Comitatib} assisas predfas, & ea que in illo advento suo i Comitatu p Justiciarios p*dcos ad dictas assisas capiendas missos Pminari no possunt, p eosdem Eminent' alibi in ItiSe suo, & ea que p eosdem pp? difficultate aliquo^ articulop tminari no possunt, referant' ad Justiciarios nros de Banco & ibi Eminent'. Assise de Ultima pÕsentatoe semp capiant' coram Justiciariis de Banco & ibi Eminent'. Lib ho no amerciet' p parvo delido nisi scdin modu ipius delidi, & p magno delido, scdm magnitudine delidi, salvo 9tenemto suo. Et locator eodem m" salva mercandisa sua. Et Villanus alPius qÔm nr eodem m¡ amerciet' salvo wainagio suo si incidit in miam nram, & nulla pdcap mia£ ponat1 nisi p sacramenta pbop & legaliu holm de visneto. Comites & Barones no amercient' nisi p pares suos & h nisi scdm modu delidi. Nulla Eccliastica pÒ amerciet' sedm q*ntitate bnficii sui eccliastici, sed scdm laicu tenemtum suu & scdm q*ntitate delidi. Nec villa nec ho distringat' facere pontes ad Riparias nÔ qui ab antiquo & de jure fate debet. Nulla Riparia decePo defendat', nÔ ille que fSnt i defenso tpr Hen? Reg Avi nri p eadem loca & eosdem t'minos sicut ee consuevnt tpr suo. Nullus Vic, Constab, Coronatores, vl alii Balli nri teneant placita Corone nre. Si aliquis tenens de nob laicu feodu moriat', & Vicecom vl BaHs nr ostend li?as nras patentes de sumonitoe nra de debito qd defund9 nob debuit, liceat ViC vt BaHo nro atta- chiare & inbreviare cattalla defundi inventa in laico feodo ad valentiam illius debiti p visum legaliu holm, Ita tn, qd nich inde amoveat' donee psolvatÕ nob debitu qd claru fSit & residuu relinquat' executoribj ad faciendu testm defundi. Et si nich nob debeat' ab ipo, omia catalla cedant de- fundo, salvis Uxori ipius ronabilibj ptibj suis. Nullus Constab vt Balls ej9 capiat Blada aut alia Catalla alicuj9 qui n5 sit de Villa ubi Castru situ +, n1 statim inde reddat denar aut respedu inde hre possit de voluntate venditoris ; Si aute de Villa ipa fSit infra xl. dies p*cium reddat. Nullus Constab distringat alique milite ad dandu denar p custodia Castri si ipe earn fa?e volSit i ppÔa psona sua vt p aliu pbum hoiem si ipe earn fa8e no possit pp? ronabile cam. Et si nos duxiimus eum vl miserim9 in ex?citum, erit quiet9 de Custodia scdm q*ntitate tpris quo p nos f&it in exlcitu, de feodo p quo fecit serviciu in ex?citu. Null9 Vie vl Batts nr vt alius capiat Equos vt Carettas alicuj9 p cariagio faciendo, nisi reddat libatoem antiquit9 statutam, scit, p Caretta ad duos equos dece denar p diem, & p caretta ad tres equos q'tuordeci denar p diem. Nulla Caretta dhica alicuj9 eccliastice psone vl Militis vl alicuj9 Due capiat' p Battos pdCos. Nec Nos nec Batti nri nec alii capiem9 alienu Boscum ad Castra vl alia agenda nra, nÔ p voluntate illius cuj9 Boscus ille fSit. Nos no tenebim9 ?ras eoji qui pvicti fuerut de felonia n1 p unu annu & unu diem & tuc reddant' tre dnis feodo^. Omnes Kidelli dece?o deponant' penit9 p Tamisiam vl Medewaiam & p totam Angt n' p costram maris. Breve qd vocat' pcipe dece?o n5 fiat alicui de aliquo tenemto unde lib ho pdat c'iam suam. Una msura Vini sit p totu Regnu nrm & una msura Cervisie & una msura Bladi, scil, Quart London, & una Latitudo panno^ tinfto^ & Russeto^ & haubgetop, scit, due Ulne infra Listas. De Ponderibj vo sit ut de msuris. Nich det' decePo p brevi Inquisitonis ab eo qui Inquisitoem petit de vita vl membris sed g*tis concedat' & no neget'. Si aliquis teneat de nob p feodifirmam vl Soccagiu vl Burgagiu, & de alio teneat Pram p serviciu militare, nos no habebim9 custodiam hedis nec tre sue que t de feodo alPius, occone illius feodifirme vt Soccagii vl Burgagii. Nec habebim9 custodiam illius feodifirme vt

£0agna Carta

A.D.MCCXVII.

Soccagii vt Burgagii n1 ipa feodifirma debeat serviciu militare. Nos no habebim9 custodiam fiedis vt tYe alicuj9 q*m tenet de alio p serviciu militare occftne alicuj9 pve Sergntarie q'm tenet de nob p serviciu reddendi Cultellos vt Sagittas vt huj9modi. Nutts Batts ponat decefo alique ad legem manifests nec ad juraintu simplici loquela sua, sine testibj fidelibj ad hoc inductis. Null9 lib bo capiat' vt imp'sonet' aut dissaisiet' de libo tenemto suo vt libtatibj vt libis consuetudinibj suis, aut utlaget', aut exulet', aut aliquo alio mÒ destruat', nec sup eu ibimus nec sup eu mittem9, n1 p legale judiciu pariu suop vt p legem tre. Nulli vendem9, ntti negabim9 aut difFerem9 Reftum aut Justicia. Oms nicatores n1 publice antea phibiti fSint, bant salvu & securu pductu exire de Angt & venire in Angt 8c morari & ire p Angt, tarn p t ram q*m p aq*m ad emendendu vt vendendu sine oinibj toltis malis p antiquas & reftas consuetudines p*terqÒm in tempe Guerre. Et si sint de fra gt* nos guerriva, & si tales inveniant' in tra nra in principio Guerre attachient' sine dampno corpojv vt reru donee sciat' a nob vt a capitali Justic'ario nro quom0 i8catores ?re nre traftent' qui tunc inveniant' in tra 9* nos guerriva. Et si nri salvi sint ibi alii salvi sint in tra nra. Si quis tenSit de aliq* excaeta sicut de honore Waiing- ford, Bolon, Notingeham, Lancastr, vt de aliis escaetis, que sunt in manu nra & sint Baronie & obier, heres ej9 n5 det aliud releviu nec faciet nob aliud serviciu qÒm fa^et Baroni si ilia eet in manu Baronis & nos eodem m" earn tenebim9 quo Baro earn tenuit. Nec nos occfone talis Baronie vt excaete habe- bim9 aliqÔm excaetam vt custodiam aliquo^ holm nroj> ns alibi tenSit de nob in capite ille q' tenuit Baroniam vt excaetam. Nullus lib bo decefo det amplius alicui vt vendat de 9ra sua q*m ut de residuo ?re sue possit sufficien? f~i Dno feodi serviciu ei debitu qd ptinet ad feodu illud. Orbs proni Abbia^ qui bnt Cartas Regu Angt de advocatoe vt antiq'm tenuram vt possdem bant ea£ custodiam cu vacavint sicut bre debent & sicut sup* declaratu + . Null9 capiat' vt imp'sonet' ppt? appellu femine de morte al?ius q*m viri sui. Nullus Comitat9 de ce?o teneat' nÔ de mense i mensem, & ubi major tminus ee solebat major sit. Nec aliquis Vie vt Ballivus suus faciat Turnu suu p hundr nisi bis in anno, & n5 n1 in loco debito & consueto, videt, semel post Pascha & i?m post festum Sei Michael. Et Visus de franco plegio tuc fiat ad ilium Pininu Sci Micb sine occ&ne, Ita scit qd quilib} bat libtates suas quas buit & bre gsuevit tempe Henr Regis Avi nri, vt qÔs postea pquisivit; fiat aute visus de franco plegio sic vidett qd Pax nra teneat' & qd Tethinga integ1 sit sicut ee consuevit, & qd Vie no querat occones & qd content9 sit de eo qd Vie bre consuevit de visu suo faciendo tpr Henr Regis Avi nri. Non liceat alicui dece?o dare ?ram suam alicui domui religiose Ita qd illam resumat tenenda de eadem domo. Nec liceat alicui domui religiose tVam alicuj9 sic accipe qd tradat earn illi a quo earn recepit tenenda: Si quis aute dece?o tram suam alicui domui religiose sic dedit, & sup hoc gvincat' donu suu penit9 casset' & fra ilia Dno suo illius feodi incurrat'. Scutagiu capiat' dece?o sicut capi consuevit tempe Henr Regis Avi nri. Oms aute istas consuetudies p*dcas & libtates qÕs concessimus in Regno nro tenendas q*ntum ad nos ptinet erga nros Oms de Regno nro tarn ctici q*m laici observent q'ntum ad se ptinet erga suos. Salvis Archiepis, Epis, Abbibs, Priorib3, Templariis, Hospitalariis, Comitibr, Baronibj, & ofnibs aliis tam ecctiasticis psonis q*:n setaribr, Libtatib} & libis consuetudinibj qÒs pri9 buerunt. Statuim9 ctiam de coi consilio tocius Regni nri qd ofnia Castra adultina, vidett, ea que a p'ncipio Guerre mote int Drim J. Prcm nrm et Barones suos Angt construfta fSint vt reedificata, statim diruant1. Quia v'o nodum buimus Sigillum Hanc Sigillis Dni I.egati p'dci & Com W. Mariscatt Reftoris & Regni nri fecimus sigillari.


caaara at jMDÈe*ia

REGIS HENRICI III.

VI. DIE NOVEMBRIS, ANNO REONI II. A.D.MCCXVII.

T Tenricus Dei Gra Rex Angt Dns Hibn Dux Norm Aquif & Com Andeg Archiepis, Epis, A Abbib3, Prioribj, Comitttn, Baronibj, JustiC, Forestariis, Vicecomitibj, Prepoitis, Ministris, Et omib3 Battis & Fidelib3 suis, Sail. Sciatis quod intuitu dei & p salute anime nre & animaru ancesso^ & Successor n?o£, ad exaltafbnem SCe Ecciie, & emendaconem Regni nn concessimus & hac presend Carta confirmavimus p nobis & fiedib3 nris in ppetuu, de consilio veSabilis pns nn Dni Gual T~ T.~ Sci Martini pbn Cardin & Aplice Sedis Legati, Dili WalPi Eboji Archiepi, Witti London Epi & aliop Epop Angt & Witti Marescatt Comil Penbrocf, Reftoris nri & Regni nn & alio^ Fideliu Com & Baronu nroji Angl, has libertates subscriptas tenendas in Regno nro Angt, in ppetuu. In primis, Omes Foreste quas Henricus Rex Avus nr afforestavit, videantur p bonos & Legales holes, & si Boscu alique aliu qÕm suu Dnicum afforestavit, ad dampnu illius cui9 Boscus f8it deafforestentr. Et si Boscu suii pp'um afforestaVit, remaneat foresta Salva comuna de herbagio & aiiis in eadem foresta illis qui earn prius hre consueverut. Homines qui manent ext* forestam non veniant decePo coram Jusdciariis nris de foresta p comunes sumonicbnes, nisi sint in placito vt plegii alicui9 vt aliquop qui attachiad sunt pp? forestam. Omes autc Bosci qui font afforestad p Regem Ricardu Avuctm n?m, vel p Regem Johem prem nrm usq, ad p'mam coronaconem nram stadm deafforestentur nisi fSit Dnicus Boscus nr. Archiepi, Epi, Abbes, Priores, Comites, & Barones & Milites & Lite tenentes qui Boscos suos habent in Foresds, habeant Boscos suos sicut eos habuerut tepe prime Ccronac&nis predci Reg Hen? Avi nn, Ita quod quied sint in ppetuu de omib3 Purpsturis, vasds & assards, fcis in illis Boscis, post illud tepus usq, ad pricipium scdi anni coronaconis nre. Et qui de ce?o vastum purjPsturam vel assartum, sine Licentia nra in illis fecerint, de vasds & assards respondeant. Reguardores nri eant p Forestas ad faciendum Reguardum sicut fieri consuevit tempore prime coronaconis predCi Reg Henrici Avi nri & non alit. Inquisico vt visus de expeditacone Canum existenciu in foresta decePo fiat quando debet fieri Reguard, scit de Pcio anno in tercium annu, & tuc fiat p visum & testimoniu Legaliu hoinum, & no aliP Et ille cui9 canis invent9 fSit tunc non expeditatus det p mia tres solid, & de cePo nullus Bos capiaturp expeditacone. Talis aut sit expeditaco p assisam comuni? q^ tres Ortilli abscidantr sine pelota de pede antiori. Nec expeditent' canes de ce?o, nisi in locis ubi consueverut expeditari, tepe p'me coronaconis Reg Hen? Avi nri. Nullus Forestarius, vt Bedellus decePo faciat Scotat, vt colligat Garbas, vel avenam, vt Bladum aliud vt agnos vt porcellos, nec aliq*m colle&a faciant Et p visum & sacÕmentum duodecim Reguardop quando facient Reguardum, tot Forestarii ponantr ad Forestas custodiendas, quod ad illas custodiendas ronabili? viderint suffice. Nttm Suanimotu de cePo teneatur in Regno n?o nisi ter in anno, videlicet in p'ncipio Quindecim dieru ante festum Sci Micft q*ndo agistatores conveniunt ad agistandum Dnicos boscos n?os & circa festum S?i Martini, qÕndo agis- tatores n?i debent recipe Pannagiu n?m; Et ad ista duo Suanimota conveniant forestarii, viridarii, Si agistatores, & nullus alius p distridlonem: Et Pcium Suanimotu teneatur in inicb q'ndecim dieru an Festu S£i Jobis Bapt, p feonadSne Bestiaru n?arum, & ad istud Suanimotu tenendum conveniant forestarii & viridarii Sc nulli alii p districlonem. Et jppea singtis Q'draginta dieb3 p totum annu conveniant viridarii & forestarii ad videndum attachiamenta de Foresta, tarn de viridi, q*m de venac&ne, p f?sentac6ne ipojj forestario^ & coram ipis attachiatis. Predca aute Suanimota non teneant* nisi in Comitatib3 In quib3 teneri consueverut. Unusquisqs liber homo agistet Boscu suu in Foresta p


Carta dr Foresta t Hen. HI: in Archiver Foci. CaChrd.Uunefm. arrervata. Sttweoi printsJ payer JO til of da Quotas of Liherdcr


Carta De iforesta

n. henrici m.

voluntate sua, & hat Pannagiu suu. Concedimus eciam qd unusquisq, liber homo possit duSs porcos suos p dnicum Boscum nrm, libe & sine inpedimento ad agistandum eos in Boscis suis pp'iis vt alibi ubi voluerit. Et si Porci alicuj9 libi hoinis una no£te pnoftavW in foresta nra non inde occasionetur, Ita quod aliquid de suo perdat. Nullus de cePo amittat vitam vt menbra p venac&ne nra. S3 si aliquis captus fSit & convict9 de capcone venaconis g*vi? redimatur, Si habeat unde redimi possit, Et si non habeat unde redimi possit jaceat in p'sona nra p unu annu & unu diem; & si post unu annu & unu diem piegios invenire possit exeat a p'sona sin autem abjuret Regnu Angt. Quicuqs Archieps, Eps, Coni, vt Baro f'nsierit p forestam nram Liceat ei cape unam vt duas Bestias p visum Forestarii si presens fuerit sin autem facidX cornari ne videatur furtive hoc fa?e. Unusquisq, liber homo decePo sn occasione faciat in bosco suo vt in Pra sua q*m habeat in foresta, Molendinu, vivarium, stagnum, Marleram, Fossatum, vt terram arabilem ext* [coopatum *] in terra arabili ; Ita quod non sit ad nocumentum alicuj9 vicini. Unusquisq, liber homo habeat in boscis suit aereas aaciptum & Spvafm & falconum, aquilarum, & de Heyrinis, & habeant simili? mel quod inventii fftit in Boscis suis. Nullus Forestarius de cetera qui non sit Forestarius de Feudo reddw nobisfirmam pro Batia saa capiat Chiminagium aliquod in batta sua; Forestarius autem de Feudo firmam nobis reddens p batta sua capiat chiminagium ; videlicet, p Careta per dimidium annum duos denarios, is? p aliu dimid annu duos denar, & p Equo qui portat sumag p dimid annu unu ob & per aliu dimidium annum obolum, is? non nisi de illis qui de extra ballivam raam tanq*m mercatores veniunt p licenciam suam in battam suam ad Buscam, Meremu, Corticem, vt Carbonm emendum Ssf alias ducendum ad vendendum ubi voluer;Vif; Et de nulla alia Careta vt sumag aliquod Chimunagiu capiatur; & non capiatur Chiminagiu nisi in locis illis ubi an/iquit9 capi solebat & debuit. Ill's autem qui portant sup Dorsum suu Buscam Corticem vt rarionem ad vendendum q^mvis in de vivant, Nullu de re?o dent Chiminagium, De boscis aute alioram nullum detur chiminagium Foristariis nfis, preterq*m de Dricis Boscis nris. Oihes Utlagati p foresta tantum a tempore Reg Henf Avi nostri usqs ad primam Coronationem nram veniant ad pacem nostrum sine inpedimento, & salvos piegios inveniant quod de ce?o non forisfaciant nobis de foresta nra. Nullus Castellanus vel alius teneat placita de Foresta sive de viridi sive de venacone, Sed quilibj Forestarius de feudo attachiet placita de Forfj/a tarn de viridi q*m de venatione is? ea presentet Viridariis provinciarum, is? cum irrotulats. fuerint, & sub sigillis Viridario^ inclusa presententur capitali Forestario cum in pies illas venerit ad tenendum placita Foreste is? coram e0 terminentur. Has autem Libertates de Forestis consessimus ofnibj Salvis Archiepis,

Epis, Abbiby, Prioriby, Comitibj, Baronibs, Militibus is? aliis tarn personis ecclesiasticis quam secularibus Templariis & Hospitalariis, Libertatibj & libis consuetudiniby in Forestis & ext1, in Warenniis & aliis quas prius habuerunt. Omnes autem istas consuetudines predcas & Libertates, quas concessimus in Regno nfo tenendas q*ntum ad nos ptinet erga nros, Omes de Regno nostro tarn cleric's quam laid observent quantum ad se pertinet erga suos. Quia v" sigillu nondum habuimus, presenters Cartam sigillis venerabit pris nri Dili G. T'T.~ Sci Martini presbitcri Cardinalis Apostolice Scdis Legate is? Willelmi Afarescatt Com Penbrok, Rectoris nostri is? regni nostri fecimus sigillari. Testiby pnotatis & aliis multis. Datu p man us prediflorum Domini I.egati is? Willelmi MareseaW apud Sfm Paulu London Sexto die Novebr, Anno Regni nri sedo.

Ô cooptum Lib. Scacc. X.

G


REGIS HENRICI III.

XI. DIE FEBRUARH A.R. NONO.

A. D. MCCXXIV-V.

T TENRICUS DEI Gra REX Angtie Dominus Hybnie [Dux Normanii, Aquitaii, & Comes Andeg, Archiepis, Epis, Atfoibj, Prioribj, Comiribj, Baronibj, Vicecomitibj, Prepositis, Ministris, & Ofnib} Ballivis & fidelibj suis p>sentem Cartam inspecturis,'] Salutem. Sciatis qd nos intuitu dei [&Õ] p salute anime nostre & anima^ antecessop & successor nro£ ad exaltatone see Ecctie & emendatone Regni nri, spontanea 6c bona volutate nfa dedim9 & concessim9 Archiepis, [Epis, Abbibj, Priorib3, Comitibj, Baronibj,3] 6c offiib3 de Regno nro has libtates subsGptas tenendas I Regno nro Anglie in ppetuum. In Primis, concessimus Deo & hac p*senti Carta [nfa4] confirmavim9 p nob & heredib3 nris inppetuu, Qd Anglicana ecctia libera sit & habeat [ofnia'] Jura sua integra & libtates suas illesas. Concessimus etiam (6) omib3 lifeis hoinib3 Regni nri p nob 6e hedib3 nris in ppetuii omes libtates sub- sc'ptas, Habendas & tenendas eis & hedib3 suis de nob & fiedib3 nris (7) Si quis Comitu vt Baronu nro£ sive alio£ tenenciu de nob in capite p serviciu militare mortuus fSit & cu decesserit heres ej9 plene etatis fait & relevium debeat, habeat fieditatem suam p antiquu releviu, Scilicet heres vt tiedes Comitis de Baronia Comitis integra, p Centu libras, Heres vt hedes Baronis de Baronia integra p Centu libras, Heres vt hedes Militis de feodo militis integro p Centu solidos ad plus, 6c qui minus debuerit, minus det sedm antiquam consuetudinem feodop. Si auto heres alicuj9 taliu fait inf* etate, Dus ej9 no hat custodiam ej9 nec tre sue anteq*m homagiu ej9 cepit, & p9tq*m talis heres fSit i custodia, cu ad etate pvenerit, f. viginti & uni9 anni, hat heditate suam sine relevio & sine fine, Ita tamen qd si ipe du infra etate fifit, fiat miles, nichomin9 tra remaneat in custodia dnop suo£ usq, ad tminu pdem. Gustos ?re huj9modi hedis qui inf* etate fS'it, no capiat de tra hedis nisi rationabiles exitus & rationabiles cosuetudines & ronabilia servicia & hoc sine destru&ione 8c vasto hoiu vt reru. Et si nos comiserim9 custodiam alicuj9 talis tVe Vicecomiti vt [alicui8] alii qui de [exib39] tre illi9 nob debeat responde & [ille 10] destruftionem dc custodia fecit vt vastu, nos [ab'1J illo capicm9 emen- dam, & tra [comittet',l] duob3 legalib3 6c discretis hoib3 de feodo illo qui de exitib3 nob respon- deant vt [eiIJ] cui cos assignavÕim9 : Et si dederim9 vt vendiderim9 alicui custodiam alicuj9 tat ?re, & ille destruftionem [inde u] fec?it vt vastu, amittat [ipam,5] c9todiam 8c tÔdatr duob3 legalib3 & discretis hoib3 de [feodo 16] illo qui similit nob respondeant sicut p'dcm est. Custos aute q*mdiu c9todiam ?re habSit, sustentet Domos, Parcos, (l?) [Stagna,18] Molendina & ce?a ad tra ilia ptinencia de exitib3 tre ej9de, & reddat hedi cu ad plena etate pvenerit, tra sua tota instaurata de carucis & omib3 aliis reb3 ad min9 sedm quod ilia recepit. Hec oinia observentr de custodiis Archiepatuu Epatuu, Abbia^ Prioratuu Ecctiajj & dignitatu vacanciu que ad nos ptinet, Excepto, qd [huj9modi c9todie '9] vendi

&c. Archiepis, Epis, Com, Baronibj &c.

* deist R.

Ô deist R.

" ymittat' R. ,0 feudo R.

3 deist R.

Õ exitibj W. R. 13 deest R.

't Vivaria, W.R.

' deest R.

6 & dedim5 R. IO deest R.

'< deest R.

'* stangna R.

3 &c. R. i in ppetuu. W.

" de R.

11 illam R.

'* custodie hujusmodi R.



Original from

Digitized by

Go gl<

£@agna Carta

IX. HENRICI III.

no debent. Heredes maritent' absq^ [despagatone.1] Vidua p9t morte mariti sui statim & sine diffi- cttate aliqua hat maritagiu suu & heditate sua, nc aliquid dct p dote sua [vt Õ] p maritagio suo [vt'] p heditate sua, quam heditate marit9 suus & ipa tenuerut die obit9 [ipius mariti.*] Et maneat in capitali mesagio [ipi9*] mariti sui p q*d*ginta dies p9t obitu ipius mariti [sui,*] Inf* quos assigned ei dos sua nÔ p'9 ei f9it assignata, vel n1 doin9 ilia sit castru : Et si de castro recesserit, statim pvideat' ei dom9 copetens in qua possit honeste morari, quousqs dos sua ei assigned [sid4] pdem est: Et hat ra- tionabile estoveriu suu in?iin de comuni Assignet' au ei p dote sua rcia pars toci9 ?re mariti sui que [sua fuit7] in vita sua nisi de minori dotata fSit ad hostiu Ecctie. Nulla vidua dist'ngat' ad se ma- ritandam, du vi?e voluit sine marito, Ita tarn qd securitate [faciet8] qd se n5 maritabit sine assensu nro si de nob ten Sit, vt [sine9] assensu dni sui si de alio tenSit. Nos So vt Ballivi nri no seisiem9 Pram aliquam n* redditu p debito aliquo, qÔdiu catalla debitoris p'sencia [sufficiant,0] ad debitu reddendu, & ipe debitor pat9 sit inde satisfaSe; nec plegii ipius debitoris distÕngant' q'mdiu ipe capitalis debitor sufliciat ad soluc&ne debiti: Et si capitalis debitor defecit in solucone debiti no habens unde reddat aut redde nolit cu possit, plegii respondeant [p "] debito, Et si voluint, bant Pras & reddit9 debitoris, quousq^ sit eis satisfcm de debito quod ante p eo solverut, nisi capitalis debitor monstÕverit se inde ee q'etu versus eosde plegios. Civitas London hat oiTies antiquas libtates & litias cosuetudines suas Pretea volum9 & cocedim9 qd oines alie civitates & Burgi & Ville & Barones de Q'nq, portubj, & ofhes portus hant oiiis libtates & libas consuetudines suas. Null9 dist'ngat* ad faciendu majus serviciu de feodo militis nec de alio libero tenemento, qÕm inde debet'. Comunia placita no seq*nt' Curiam nram, set teneant' in aliquo loco certo. Recognicones de nova disseisina & de morte antecessoris no capiant' nisi in suis comitatibj, & hoc modo : Nos [vt,!] si ext* Regnu fuerim9 capitalis Justiciari9 nost, [mittem9Õ*] Justiciaries p unuquemq., comitatu semel in anno qui cu militibs comitatuu capiant in comitatibj assisas pdcas, & ea que in illo adventu suo in comitatu p Justiciarios p>dcos ad deas assisas capiendas missos tminari no possut, p eosde [uninent' '*] alibi in itirie suo & ea que p eosde pp? diffiettate aliquo^ articioj} tminari no possut, referant' ad Justiciarios nros de Banco & ibi t minent'. Assise de ultima p'sentatone semp capiant* cora Justiciariis nris de Banco & ibi tminent*. Liber homo non amerciet* p parvo delifto [set '*] sedm modu ipius delitli, & p magno delido sedm magni- tudine delidi salvo conteneiiito suo : Et locator eodem m¡ salva mercandisa sua Et (l6) villan9

alteri9q"m nos? code m" amerciet' salvo wainagio suo (Õ7) si incidit in misericordiam nram. [Et ntta"] pdda^ misedia^ ponat* nisi p sacÕmentu pbo^ & legaliu holu de visneto. Comites & Barones no amercient' nisi p pares suos, & no nÔ sedm rnodu delidi. Ntta eccliastica psona aniciet' sedm q'ntitate bnficii sui ecctiastici, set sedm laicu tenementu suu & sedm q'ntitate delidi. Nec villa nÔ homo dist'ngat* fa8e pontes ad riparias nisi qui [ex Õ9] antiquo & de Jure face [debet. Nulla riparia dece?o defendat',10] n1 ille que fuerut in defense tepe Reg Hnr Avi nri p eade loca & eosde ?minos siC ee cosueveft tepe suo. Null9 Vicecomes, Constabulari9, Coronatores, vt alii Ballivi nri teneant placita corone nre. Si aliquis tenens de nob laicu feodu moriat' & Vicecomes vt Batts nr ostendat lit?as nras patentes de sumonitone nfa de debito quod defud9 nob debuit, liceat Vicecomiti (Ó) vt Battio nro attachiare & inbreviare cattta defudi inventa i laico feodo ad valenciam illi9 debiti p visu legaliu h5iu ; Ita tam qd nich (!!) amoveat' donc psolvat* nob debitu quod claru fSit, & residuu relinquat* exe- cutorib3, ad faciendu testamentu defudi & si nich nob debeatr ab ipo oinia [catalla **] cedant defucto, Salvis Uxori ipi9 & [pueris Ò] suis ronabilib5 ptib3 suis. Null9 Constabulari9 vt ej9 Batts capiat blada vt alia catalla alicuj9 qui no [sit!S] de villa ubi castru situ [est,Õ4] n1 statim {ÕÕ) reddat denarios aut re- spedu inde hfe possit de volutate venditoris, si au de villa ipa fSit infÕ QÕdginta dies pciu reddat. Ntts Constabulari9 distÕngat alique Milite ad dandu denarios p c9todia cast', si ipe earn fa?e volSit in pp'a psona sua vt p aliu pbu hoiem si ipe earn faSe no possit pp? ronabile causam. Et si nos

Õ dispagatone W.

Ñdisparagatoe R. 1 nc R.

3 mariti sui R.

4 deist R.

5 deist R.

6 sedm quod W.~ sedm qd R.

t fuit sua R.

8 faciat R.

È dent R.

1,5 sufficiunt R. " de R.

11 deist R.

13 mittet R.

14 ?minetr R.

13 n' W. R. 16 si R.

'7 hR.

18 nulla R.

Ò> ab R.

debnt. Nulle riparie de eefo defendat' R.

11 nro R.

Ò inde W. R

13 deist R.

44 filiis R. *3 sunt R.

16 sit R.

*7 in W; inde

by


2šagm Carta

IX. HENRICI UI.

duxerim9 eu vt miserim9 in exercitu erit quiet9 [de c9todia'] scdm q'ntitate tepis quo p nos fSit in excitu de feodo p quo fecit servitiu in excitu. Null9 Vicecomes vi Batts nr vt [ali91] capiat equos vt [carettas 3] alicuj9 p cariagio fociendo, n' reddat libatone antiquit9 statuta scilicet p [caretta *] ad duos equos, Decern denarios p diem & p [caretta3] ad tres equos QÕtuordecim denar p die. Ntta [caretta *] driica alicuj9 Ecctiastice psone vt Militis vt alic9 Dne capiat' p Battios pdcos, nec nos nec Batti nri nc alii capiem9 [alienu5] boscu ad castra vt alia agenda nfa, nÔ p volutate illi9 cuj9 boscus ille fSit. Nos no tenebim9 Pras eop qui convidi fSint de felonia nÔ p unu annu & unum diem, & tuc reddant' rre dnis feodop. Omes Kidelli decePo deponant' penit9 p Tamisiam & [Medeweiam6] & p totam Angliam nÔ p [costera7] maris. Breve quod vocat' Precipe decePo n5 fiat alicui de aliquo tenemto, unde lib homo pdat curiam sua. Una mensura Vini sit p totu Regnu nfm, & una mensura Cervisie, & una mensura Bladi scilicet Q'rtef London & una latitudo pannop t!do£ & Russettop & haubgetto^ scilicet due ulne inf* Listas. De ponderibj v*o sit ut de mensuris. Nich detr decePo p brevi inquisitonis ab eo qui inquisitone petit de vita vt membris, set g*tis cocedat' & no neget'. Si [aliquis8] teneat de nob p feodi firmam vt soccagiu vt [p9] burgagiu & de alio Pram teneat p serviciu militare, nos no habebim9 custodiam bedis nc Pre sue que est de feodo alteri9, occasione illi9 feodi firme vt soccagii vt burgagii, n' hebim9 c5todiam [illi99] feodi- firme vt soccagii vt burgagii, n' ipa feodifirma debeat serviciu militare. Nos n5 bebiin9 c9todiam bedis [nc lo] Pre alic9 quam tenet de alio p serviciu militare, occone alicuj9 pve [serjanterie "] quam tenet de nob p serviciu reddendi nob cultellos vt sagittas vt huj9modi. Nils Batts ponat decePo alique ad lege manifesto vt ad juramentu simplici loquela [sua'Õ] sine testibj fidelibj ad hoc indudlis. Ntts lib homo [decePo13] capiat1 [aut14] inprisonet' aut disseisiat'de [aliquo13] libo tenemto suo vt libtatibj vt libis consuetudinib} suis aut utlaget' aut exulet aut aliquo alio modo destruat' nec sup eu ibim9 nc sup eu mittem9 nÔ p legale judiciu pariu suo<> vt p lege Pre. Nulli vendem9 nulli negabim9 aut differem9 rectu vt justiciam. Oines Mercatores n1 publice antea phibiti fSint, hant salvu & securu exire de Anglia & venire in Angliam & morari & ire p Angliam tarn p Pram qi p aqua ad emendu vt vendendu sine omib3 [toltis 1<l] malis, p antiquas & rectas consuetudines j/tq'm in tepe gwerre, Et si sint de Pra cont* nos gwerrina, Et si tales inveniant' in Pra nfa in pÕncipio gwerre, attachient' sine dapno corpo^ vt reru, donc sciat' a nob vt a capitali justiciario nro quomodo rScatores [Pre nre17] traftent' qui tuc [invenient1,8] in Pra 9t* nos [gwerrina;19] Et si nfi salvi sint ibi, alii salvi sint in Pra nfa. Si quis tenSit de aliqua [escaeta Ò] sicut de honore (!1) Wallingeford, Bolon, Notingeham, Lancastf, vt de aliis (Ò) que sut in manu nfa & sint baronie, & obierit, heres ej9 no det aliud releviu nec faciat nob aliud serviciu ql faPet [baroni, si ipa13] eet i manu baronis, & nos eode modo (14) tenebim9 [quo13] baro earn tenuit, nc nos occone tails baronie vt [escaete16] habebim9 (*7) aliqua escaetam vt c9todiam aliq¡i> hoiu nfo£ nl alibi tenSit de nob in capite ille qui tenuit baroniam vt [escaetam.18] Null9 lib homo decePo det ampli9 [alicui vt vendat ^] de Pra sua, q*m ut de residuo Pre sue possit sufficien? fieri duo feodi serviciu ei debitu quod ptinet ad feodu ittd. Omes pat¡ni Abbiaij qui tint Cartas Regu Anglie de advocac&ne vt [antiqam tenuram vt possessions 3¡] hant ea^ c9todiam cu vacaverint sicut bre debet & sit? sup* declaratu est. Null9 capiat' vt imprisoned [pp? appellu femine de morte alteri9 qÒm viri sui.31] Null9 comitat9 [de ceto31] teneat' nÔ de mense in mensem, & ubi major Pmin9 ee solebat major sit. Nec aliquis Vicecomes [vt Batts33 ] faciat [turnu suu34] p Hundredu nÕ bis in anno, & no n' in loco debito & consueto, videlicet, semel p9t Pascha & iteru p9t festu Sci Michaet. Et visus de franco plegio tuc fiat ad illu Pminii [S?i Michaet sine occone,35] Ita scilicet qd quilibet hiit libtates suas, quas huit & hfe cosuevit tepe Reg Hnf Avi nfi vl [quas36] p9tea pq'sivit; Fiat aute visus de

1 desun! R.

2 aliquis R.

3 carectas R.

* careta R.

i dee st R.

* MedweiJ fF.ÑMedewaia R.

* Costa fl.

' q's R-

9 deest R.

10 vi R.

" ?jantie R.

12 dee it R.

13 deest fF. R.

.i vt fF.

13 deest R.

.6 tolnagiis R.

0 deiunt R.

I* inveniant' R.

19 i guerra R.

20 e.xcaeta R.

11 de W. R.

21 escaet IF.Ñexcaetis R.

23 baronia si ilia R.

ea IT. R.

v q¡ ra* R.

26 excaete R.

2t talc R.

Õ* excaeta R.

2r> vt vendat alicui JV.

30 antiq* tenura vt possessione R

s' p appttatione

alrius femine qÔ viri sui R.

Jtl

Sdesunt R.

33 turneu R.

u sine occasioe

ad festu sci Michis R.

36 deest R.


$)agna Carta

IX. HENRICI ID.

Pnco plegio sic videit qd pax nra teneatÕ, & qd Tethinga integra sit sicut ee consuevit & qd Vicecomes no querat occ&nes & qd content9 sit (Õ) eo qd Vicecomes hre consuevit de visu suo faciendo tepe Reg Hnr avi nri. Non liceat alicui de ce?o dare tram suam alicui domui religiose, Ita qd [ea *] [resumat3] tenendam de eade domo, [nc 4] liceat alicui domui religiose tram alicuj9 sic accipe qd t*dat [ilia eiJ] a quo [ipam recepit6] tenendam Si quis aute decePo Pra suam alicui domui religiose sic dedit, [&7] sup hoc convincat', donu suu penit9 casset', & Pra ilia dho suo illi9 feodi (*) incurrat'. Scutagiu decePo capiatÕ sic capi [solebat9] tepe Reg Hnr Avi nri. Et salve sint Archiepis, Epis, Ahbibj, Prioribj, [Comitibj, Baronib3, Templariis, Hospitalariis,'0] & omibj aliis tarn [eccliasticis qÔ sctaribj psonis"] libtates & libe consuetudines quas p19 habueriit. Oines [au '*] istas consuetudines p*dcas & libtates quas concessim9 in Regno nro tenendas q*ntu ad nos ptinet erga nros, oines de Regno nro ta did q*m laid [observent '*] q*ntu ad se ptinet erga suos. Pro hac aute concessione & donatone libtatu is tap, & alia^ [libtatu'5] contents^ in carta nra de libtatibj foreste, Archiepi Epi, [Abbes, Priores Comites, Barones, Milites,'6] libe tenentes, & omes de Regno nro dederut nob Q'ntadecimam [pte17 ] omiu mobiliu suo^. Concessim9 eciam eisde p nob & bedibj nris qd nec nos nc fiedes nri aliquid pquirem9, p quod libtates in hac carta contente infringant' vt infirmentÕ; Et si ab aliquo aliquid cont* hoc pquisitu fSit nicb valeat & p ntto habeatÕ. '' Hiis Testibj, Diio S. Cantuar Archiepo, E. London, J. Bathoii, P. Wintori, H. LinC, [R. Sarr,'9] B. RofFefi, W. Wigorii, J. Elien, H. Hereford, R. Cicestr, [&:o] W. Exon, Epis; [Abbe sJfi Albani, Abbe sa Edmundi,1'] Abbe de Bello, Abbe sci Aug^tini Cantuar, Abbe de Evesham, Abbe (") Westmoii, Abbe de Burgo sci Pet', Abbe (1J) Rading, Abbe (u) Abbendon, Abbede [ Maumebur,*3 ] Abbe de Winchecub, Abbe de Hida, Abbe de Certes, Abbe de Sireburii, Abbe de Cern, Abbe de Abotebir, Abbe de Midditon, Abbe de Seleby, Abbe de Wyteby, Abbe de Cirencestr, H. de Burg Justib, R. Com Cestr & Lincoln, W. Com Sarr, W. Com Warrenii, G. de Clar Com Gloub & Htford, W. de Ferrar Com (*6) Derb, W. de Mandevill Com Essex, H. le Bigod Com Norf, W. Coin Aubermari, H. Com Hereford, Jobe Constabulaf Cestr, Robto de Ros, Rob fil Walti, Rob de Veti ponte, Witto Brigwerr, Rib de Munfichet, Pet¡ fit Hrbti, Matho fit Hrbti, Witto de Albiniaco, Rob Grest, Regin de Brahus, Jobe de Munem, Jobe fit Alani, Hug de Mortuo Mari, WalPo de Bello Campo, Witto de sbo Jobe, Pet0 de Mala lacu, Briano de Insula, Thom de Muletoii, Rib de Argentein, Gaufr de Nevilt, Witto Mauduit, Jobe de Baalun. Daf apd Westmoii undecimo die Februar, Anno Regni nri Nono.

' de R.

Ô ilia IV. R.

3 earn illi R.

6 recep ilia R.

9 psuevit R.

10 Templariis, [Templar, R.J

" eccÕsticis psonis q1

secularibj R.

11 deest R.

*6 &c. & R.

19 deest W.

10 deest IV.

131 de IV.

13 Maumebi? IV.

3 resignet R. ' Non R.

I deest R. * penit5 R.

Hospitalar, Comitibj, Baronibj, W.R.

13 dtest R. 14 observant R.

't deest R. ,s Explicit Intratio R.

II Abbe sci Edmudi, Afcfce sci Albai, W.

16 de W.

H


ora *e Mmcraa

REGIS HENRICI III.

XI. DIE FEBRUARII, A. R. NONO.

A.D.MCCXXIV-V.

r T T ENRIC]US DEI Gra REX Anglie Dominus Hybn Dux Normann Aquitan & Coin Andeg Archiepis, Epis, Atebibj, Prioribj, Comirib3, Baronibj, Justiciariis, [Forestariis, Vice]comitib}, Prepositis, Minist's, & Oinib3 Ballivis & fidelibj suis p'sentem Cartam inspeduris, Salutem. Sciatis qd nos, intuitu Dei & p salute anime nostre & anima^ Antecessop & successor nrop, ad exaltafbne See Ecclie & emendaebne Regni nostri, spontanea & bona volutate nra dedim9 & cocessim9 Archiepis, Epis, Comitibj, Baronib3, & oihib3 de Regno nro has lifetates subsc'ptas tenendas in Regno nro Angi in ppetuu. In Primis, Omes foreste quas Hnr Rex Avus nos? afforestavit, videant' p bonos & legates holes, & si boscu alique aliu qÔm suu dnicu afforestavit ad dampnu illi9 cuj9 boscus ille fSit deafforestet', & si boscu suu ppÔu afforestavit, remaneat foresta, salva comuna de herbagio & aliis I cade foresta illis qui pÕus ea fire cosueverut. Homines Vo qÔ manet ext* foresta no veniant dece?o cora Justiciariis nris de foresta p comunes sumoniebnes, nisi sit I placito vi plegii alicuj9 vt aliq"£ qui attachiati sut pp? foresta. Omes aut bosci qui fSint afforestati p Rege Ricard Avuctm nrm, vt p Rege Johem prem nfm, usqs ad p ma coronacbne nram, stati deafforestent' nÔ sit dnic9 bosc9 nr. Archiepi, Epi, Abbes, Priores, Comites, Barones, Milites, libe tenentes, q' tint boscos suos i forestis, tlant [bo]scos suos siCf eos huert tepe p'me Coronachnis Reg Hen? Avi nri; Ita qd q'eti sit I ppetuu de offiib3 ppresturis, vastis & essartis feis i illis boscis p9t itid tep9 usq, ad p'ncipiu stfdi anni Coroii nre. Et qui [dece?o vastu] vt ppstura sine licencia nra i illis fePit, vt essartu, de vastis ppsturis & essartis respondeat. Regardores nri eant p forestas ad faciendu regardu si2 fieri cosuevit tepe p'me Coronacois Reg Hhr [avi nri & no] alii?. Inquisitio vt visus de expedi- tacone canu existenciu i foresta dece?o fiat q*ndo fieri debet regardu, scilicet de Pcio anno i ?ciu annu, & t2 fiat [p visu & testimoniu legaliu hoiu & no atr, & ille c9 canis inv]ent9 fSit tuc no expeditat9 det p misedia tres solidos; & decePo ntts Bos capiat' p expeditaebne. Talis aut sit expeditatio p assisa comuni? qd t's [ortilli abscidatur sine pelota de pede anPiori j nc expedite]nt' canes decePo n1 i locis ubi cosueverut expeditari tepe p'me Coronacois pdei Reg Hen? Avi n?i. Ntts forestari9 vt bedell9 decePo faciat scottallas v[t colligat garbas vt avena vt bladu aliqd, vt agnos] vt purcellos nc aliqua colleda faciat, & p visu & sac*mentu Duodecim regardo^ q*ndo facient regardu, tot fdrestarii ponant' ad forestas c^todiendas qu[ot ad illas c9todiedas ronabili? vidint suffice. Nu]llu swanimotu decePo teneat' i Regno n?o nÔ ter 1 anno, videlicet, i p'ncipio Q'nderi dieru ante festu Sci Michaet q*ndo Agistatores n?i coveniut ad [agistadm dnicos boscos n?os, & circa festum SCi Martini q*ndo Agi]statores n?i debet recipe paiiagiu n?m ; & ad ista duo swanimota coveniat forestarii viridarii & agistatores & ntti alii p distridione. Et Pciu Swanimotu teneat' in inicio q'ndecim diep ate festu S2i Johi]s Bapte p feonacone bestia^ n?a£, & ad ittd swanimotu tenendu coveniat forestarii & viridarii & nd alii p dist'dione: fP?ea sing[ulis q'draglta dieb3 p totu aiiu coveniat fores.tarii & viridarii a]d faciendu attachiamenta de foresta, ta de viridi q*m de venaebne p p'sentacone forestariojs ipo£ & cora ipis attachiatis. Predda au [swanimota no teneat' nÔ in Comitatib3 in quib3 teneri cosueverut.] Un9qÕsq liber ho agistet boscu suu que fet 1 foresta p volutate sua & hat panagiu suu. Conceditn9 ecia qd un9quisq lib ho duPe possit porcos su[os p dnicu boscu n?m libe et sine inpedimto ad agistadu eos in bosci]s suis pp'is vt alibi ubi volSit. Et si porci alicuj9 libi hois una node pnodaVint I foresta n?a, no inde occasionet' unde aliquid de suo pdat. Ntts [decePo amittat vita vt mebra p venacoe n?a, set si q's] capt9 fSit & covid9 de capcione venaebnis g*vi? redimat', si hat unde redimi possit, si au no hat unde redimi possit, Jaceat 1 p'sona n?a p unu annu


Carta De jForesta

IX. HENRICI III.

[et unu -die, & si p9t unu anu et unu die plegios inve]nire possit, exeat de p'sona, sin aute abjuret Regnu Angt. C^cu^ Archieps, Eps, Coin, vt Baro veniens ad nos ad mandatu nrm t*nsierit p forest! nram [liceat ei cape una bestia vt duas, p visu forestarii] si p'sens fSit, sin au, faciat comari ne videat' furtive hoc fa?e ; Idem liceat eis i redeundo fa8e si? p>d2m est. Un9q'sq\ lib bo decePo sine occ&ne faciat i bosco [suo vt in ?ra sua qua ht in foresta molendinu vivari]u, Stagnu, Marlera, fossatu, vt Pra arabile ext* cooptu i terra arabili; Ita qd no sit ad nocumentu alicuj9 vicini. Un9qÔsq^ lib ho bat i boscis suis aerias Ancipitru [Espvariop, falconu, Aq'lap, et de Heyrinis, et] bat simili? mel quod inventu fSit i boscis suis. Ntts Forestari9 decePo, q' n5 sit Forestari9 de feodo firmam nob reddens p battia sua capiat cheminagiu aliquod i battia sua; fo[restari9 au de feodo firma nobis red]dens p battia sua capiat cheminagiu, videlicet p caretta p dimidiu annu duos denarios & p aliu dimid annu duos denar, Sc p equo q1 portat sumagiu p dimidiu annu obo[lu Sc p aliu dimidiu annu obol]u & no nÔ de illis qui de ext* Baliiam sua tamq*m nicatores veniut p licencia sua I battiam sua ad busca, meremiu, corticE vt carbone emendu & alias ducendu ad vendend [ubi vol&int; & de ntta al]ia caretta vt sumagio aliquo cheminagiu capiat', Sc no capiat' cheminagiu n1 I locis in qÔb3 antiqu't9 capi solebat & debuit. Illi au q1 portat sup dorsu suu busca cortice vt carbone [ad vededu, quamvis i]nde vivant, nltm decePo dent cheminagiu. Omes Utlagad p foresta tm a tepe Reg Hnr avi nri usq, ad p'ma Coroii nram, veniat ad pace nram sine impedimto & salvos pl[egios inveniat qd de ce]?o no forisfacient nob de foresta nra. Ntts Castellan9 teneat placita de forest sive de viridi sive de Venacone, set q'libet forestari9 de feodo attachiet placita de forest ta de viri[di q*m de venac6e] & ea p'sentet viridariis pvincia^ ; & cu inrottata fSint & sub sigillis viridario^ iclusa p'sententÕ capitali forestario nro, cu i ptes illas ve8it ad tenendu placita foreste, & cora eo ?[minetr. Has au] libtates de forestis cocessim9 oitiibj: Salvis Archiepis, Epis, Abbibj, Prioribj, Comitib}, Baronibj, Militibj & aliis tam psonis ecctiasticis qÔ setarib9, Templariis, & Hospitalariis libtatibj & lib[is cosuetud]inib5 i forestis & ext*, In Warennis & aliis quas pÔus habuert. Omes au istas cosuetudines pdJfas & libtates, quas qcessim9 in Regno nro tenendas q*ntu ad nos ptinet erga nros, Omes de regno nro o[bsvet] q*ntu ad se ptinet erga suos: P hac ig' concessione & donacone libtatu istaj St alia^ libtatu contents^ i majori Carta nra de aliis Iibtatib3, Archiepi, Epi, Abbes, Priores, Comites, Barones, Milites, libe tenentes, Sc oiris de Regno nro dederut nob Q'ntamdecimam ptE oiniu mobiliu suo^. Concessim9 ecia eisde p nob Sc bedibj nris qd nec nos nc hedes nn aliquid pq'rem9, p quod libtates in hac Carta contente infringant' vt infirment': Et si ab aliquo aliquid <jt* hoc pq'situ fSit nieft valeat Sc p nlto beat'. Hiis Testibj, Diio S. Cantuar Archiepo, E. London, J. Bathori, P. Wintofi, H Lincoln, R. Sarf, B. Roffeii, W. Wigorn, J. Elien, H. Hereford, R. Cicestr, W. Exon, Epis; Abbe Sci Edmundi, Abbe Sfi Albani, Abbe de Betto, At^>e Sfi Aug9tini Cantuar, ASÈe de Evesham, Abbe de Westmon, Abbe de Burgo S2i Pet1, Abbe de Rading, Abbe de Abendoii, Abbe de Maumebir, Abbe de Winchecub, Abbe de Hyda, Abbe de Certes, Abbe de Sireb'n, Abbe de Cerii, Abbe de Abotebir, Abbe de Middtton, Abbe de Seleby, Abbe de Wyteby, Abbe de Cirencestr, H. de Burg Justiciar, R. Com Cestr Sc Line, W. Com Sarr, W. Com Warenn, G. de Cla? Com Glouc Sc Htford, W. de Ferrar Com de Derby, W. de Mandevitt Com Essex, H. le Bigod Com Norf, W. Com Aubmart, H. Corn Hereford, Jobe C.onstabular Cestr, Rob de Ros, Rob fit Walti, Rob de Ve?i Ponte, Wilto B'gwerr, RiE de Munfich, Pet" fit Herbti, Matbo fit Herbti, Witto de Albiniaco, Rob Grest, Regin de Brahus, Jobe de Munem, Jobe fit Alani, Hug de mortuo mari, Walt de bello Campo, Witto de sEo Jobe, Pet" de mala lacu, B'ano de Insula, Thom de Muleton, RiE de Argentein, Gaufr de Nevitt, Wilto Mauduit, Jobe de Baalun. DaT apd Westmon undecimo die Februar Anno Regni nri Nono.


Carta Confirmattonts

REGIS HENRICI III.

XXVIII. JANUAKII, A. R. XXI.

A.D. MCCXXXVI-VII.

MENRICUS Dei gra Rex Angt Dns Hybn Dux Norm & Aquif Coin Andeg Ornibj'] Xpi fidelib} psentem Cartam insped'is, Sait. Sciatis qd intuitu Dei, & p salute anime nostre & animajs Antecessop & heredu nostrop (*) ad Exaltatonem S?e Ecciie & emendatone Regni nost', con- cessim9 & hac Carta nostra confirmavim9 Archiepis, Epis, Abbiby, Prioribj, Comidbj, Baronibj, Mili- db3, Iibis homit>3 & oniibj de Regno nostro Angtie omes libtates & libas consuetudines contentas in Cards nost's quas eisdem fidelibj nris fieri fecim9 cum minoris essem9 etatis, scilicet tam in Magna Carta nra q*m in Carta nra de Foresta. Et volum9 & pcipim9 p nob & heredibj nost's qd pfati fideles nost* & successores & heredes eop habeant & teneant in ppetuu omes libtates & libas cosuetudines pd?as Non obstante eo qd p>d£fe Carte confede fuerut cum minoris essem9 etads ut pd?m est. Hiis Testibj venerabilib3 Pat'b3 E. Archiepo Cantuar, P. Wintoii, J. Bathon, R. Dunolm, R. London, W. Kart, W. Exon, R. Sarr, H. Elyeri, R. Lin?, R. Hereford, A.Coventr & Lychefeld Epis; W.Valen?, [&J] W. Wygorn Eledis; R. Comite Cornub & Pidav, [J. Com Cestr & Huntedon, J. Com Line Constabui Cestr, G. Marescatt Com Pemb?,Õ] W. Com de Ferrar, W. Com Warenii, H. Com Kan?, H. Com Essex & Hereford, Simone de Monteford, Witto Lungesp, Witto de Ferrar, Wilto de Vescy, Ri? de Percy, Ri? de Munfichet, Witto de Ros, Jobe Byset, Gilbto de Umframvitt, Witto de Lancastr, Witto de Cantilupo, Wal?o de Clifford, Jobe Monem, Rad de Mortuo Mari, Witto Mauduit, Rogo la Zucb, OliPo de Valliby, Gilbto Basset, & aliis. Da! p manu veSabilis pat's R. Cycestr Epi Cancella? nost' apd Westmonaste? xxviij" die Januar anno Regni nost' vicesimo primo. (s)

. B Omib; 1 & 5 deest

* [Job Com Cestr & Hun!, G. Marescaft Comite Penbr,*] J. Coin Line & Const Cestr,

* Inter linear insert a.

È Consimile Cartam hnt Arch Epi Abbes Priores Coin Barones & oms alii de Com SuthanT.

REGIS HENRICI III.

XI. DIE FEBRUARII, A. R. XXXVl".

A.D. MCCLI-II.

Hen? di gra Rex Angt Dns Hyberfi Dux Norm, Aquietan & Com And Archiepis, Epis, Abbadby, Priori, Com, Baron, Vi?, ppoitis ministris & omib3 fidelibus suis psente carta Inspedu? satm. Sciads qd nos Intuitu di & pro salute anime nre & aiap ancessop &c sue? n?op & ad exaltacSem s?e ec?e & emendacoem regni nri & spontanea & bona voluntate nra dedimus & concessimus Archiepis, Epis, Comidbus, Baron & omib3 de regno nro has [li?as'J subscriptas tenendas In regno nro Angle inppetuu. In p'mis concessimus do & h*c psenti carta nra confma- vimus pro nobis & heredibus nris In ppetuu de consilio veSabilis pat's nri Dni Guatt s?i

martini psbr cardinal & aptice sedis delegati, Wal?i Ebora? Archiepi Witti London epi & aliop Epop Anglie & Witti Marescalli Com Penbroc Redo? n?i & regni n?i & aliop fideliu Com & baron n?op Anglie has libtates sbsc'ptas tenedas In regno n?o Angt inppetuu.1] In p'mis cosessimus

' prove, ut videtur, pro libertates

e

1 Vide Magnam Cartam Henrici III. A.D. U17.


Go

fl^agna Carta

XXXVI. HENRIC1 III.

do Sc h*c psenti carta nfa gfmavitnus p nobis Sc hedibus nris inppetuu qd Anglicana ecftt liba sit & heat sua Jura Integ* & libertates suas illesas. Concessimus & & dedimus omnibj libis hominib} regni nri p nobis Sc heredibus nris inppetuu omes libertates subscriptas hndas Sc tenendas eis & here- dibus suis de nobis & hedibus nris: Si quis comitu vt baronu nro^ sive aliop tenenciu de nobis In capite p €viciu railitare mortuus f2it Sc cu decesserit hes ejus plene etatis ffiit Sc releviu debeat heat hereditate sua p antiquu relevium, scit, hes vl hedes comitis de baronia comitis Integra p cent lib's j hes vt hedes baronis de baronia Integ* p cent [marc ;'] Heres vt hedes militis de feod militar Integr p centu sot ad plus, Sc qui minus debffit minus det scdm antiq1 gsuetudiem feodop ; si au hes ali- cujus taliu fSit Infra etate dns ejus no heat custodiam ejus nec tre sue anq'm homagiu suu cepit. Et postq1 tat hes fffit In custodia cu ad etate pveniit, scit xx" & unius anni, heat heditate suam sine relevio Sc sine fine; Ita tn qd si ipe Infra etate fuit fiat miles nichilhominus tra remaneat In custodia dnop suop usq, ad pdcm tminu. Custos tVe hujus hedis qÔ infra etate [si Õ] fSit, no capiat de fra hedis nÔ ronabiles exitus Sc ronabiles consuetudies Sc ronabilia servicia, Sc hoc sine destruccone Sc vasto hominu vt reru. Et si nos comiserimus custodiam alicujus tat tre Vicec vt alicui alii q1 de exitibj tre illius [no5] debeat responde, & ille destruccoem de custodia fecit vt vastu, nos ab eo capie- mus emendam, & fra cbmittatur duob3 legalibj & discretis hoibus de feodo illo q1 de exitibus nobis respondeat vt ei cui nos assignavfmus. Et si nos dederimus vel vendiderimus alicui custodiam alicujus tat ?re Sc ille destrucconem inde fe?it, vt vastu, amittat ilia custodiam Sc t'dat' duobj legalibus & discretis hoibus de feodo illo q' simr nobis respondeat sicut pdcm est. Custos au qÔdiu custodiam tre hSit sustentet domos parcos, vivaria, stagna, molendina &c. ad tra ilia ptinentia de exitibus tVe [easdem *] reddat hedi cu ad plena etate pveSit fra suam totam Instaurata de carucis & oibus aliis rebus ad minus scdm qd ilia Invenit; hec omia observant' de custodibus Archiepatuum, Epatuum, Ab- baciap, prioratuu, eccaij, Sc dignitatu vacanciu que ad nos ptinet, excepto qd custodie hujusmodi vendi debnt no debent. Heredes maritentur absq, dispagoe. Vidua post morte mariti sui, starim & sine difficultate aliq* hat maritagiu suu & heditatem suam nc aliq'd det pro dote sua, Sc p maritagio suo vt hereditate sua qÔ heditate maritus suus Sc ipa tenSnt die obitus sui ipius mariti, Sc maneat In capitali mesuagio mariti sui p quadraginta dies post obitu ipius mariti sui, Infra quos ei assigned dos sua n' p'us ei fuit assignata, vel n1 domus ilia sit castru, & si de castro recesserit stati provideat' ei domus 9petes In qÔ possit honeste morari quousc^ dos sua ei assignetur sSdm qd p*d£m est, &

heat ronabilem estov*iu suu intim de comuni: assignetur aute d p dote sua feia ps tocius fre

mariti sui, que sua fuit In vita sua, n' de minor dotata f&it ad hostiu eccfe. Nulla vidua distringatur ad maritandu se du volSit viv*e sine viro; Ita tn qd securitate faciet qd se n5 maritabit sn assensu nro si de nobis tenSit vt sine assensu dni sui si de alio tenSit. Nos vÕo vel batti nri no saisiemus fram aliq* vel redditu pro debito aliq0 [q'ms] debitor catella [Vsencia sufficiut ad debitu reddendu & ipe debitor sit paratus inde satisfa?e: nc plegii ipius debitor distringantur q'mdiu ipe capital debitor suf- ficiat ad soloem debiti. Et si capitalis debitor deffec?it in solucone debit!, nec habes unde reddat aut redde nolit cum possit, plegii respodeat de debito, & si voluerit, heant fras & redditus debitor q¡usq, sit eis fatisfem de debito qd an p to solput n1 capitalis debitor monstravit se inde ee quietum Psus eosde plegios. Civitas London heat omes antiq's libertates & liberas psuetudies suas. Pretea volumus & qcedimus qd omes alie libertates civitates & omes burgi & ville Sc baronie de qÕnq, portubus & oms portus heant omes libertates Sc omes liberas psuetudies suas. Nullus [rest'ngatur6] ad faciendu majus Svicifi de feodo militis nec de alio libo tenemto ql inde debet'. Communia Sc placita no seq*ntur cur nram S3 [tminant' In alio7] Pto loco. Recognicoes de nova disseisina Sc de morte ancessor no capiantur n' In suis comitatibus & hoc modo; Nos (*) si ex* regnu fSimus Capitalis

justiciar nr [mittet0] justic p unumqmq^ comil: semel in anno qui cu militib3 comit capiant In

comitat assisas pdcas. Et ea & que in illo adventu suo in comitatu p justic pdcos ad ddas assisas capiendas missos ?minari no possut p eosde Pminent' in itiSe suo, & ea que p eosde pp difficultate aliq¡^ articto^ fminari no possut referant' ad Justi? nros de banco & ibi fininent'. Et assise de

1 libras Magna Carla Johannir ; I Hen. III.; A. D. 1217 ; 9 Hen. III. 1 fnravl inseritur

' nobis < ejusdem , 8c "J

J quamdiu 6 distringatur I Magna Carta Johannii ;

7 teneantur in aliquo [ 1 Hen. III.; A. D. 1217 ; 9 Hen. III.

Õ vel È mittemus J


$)agna Carta

XXXVI. HENRICI III.

ultima p'sentac&ne semp capiantur cora Just if nris de banco & ibi Eminent', liber ho no aficiet' p pvo delido n1 * scdm modu ipius delicti; & p magno delido scdm magnitudiem delidi, salvo [temto Ô] suo. Et iScator eode modo salva ficadisa sua, vilanus alpius q*m nr eode modo aniciatur salvo Waynagio suo si Incident In manu nram; & ntta p*dcaj} misericordia^ pbatur nÔ p sac'mentu pbo^ & legaliu hominu de visneto. Comil, Baron, no ai8cientr nÕ p pares suos & no n' s?dm modu pius delidi. Nulla ecfastica psona adniciet' scdm q*ntitate beneficii ecSastici S3 scdm laicu tenefiitu suu & scdm qÒntitate delidi. Ntc villa nc ho destringat' [ad faciend pontes vel riparias *] n' q' ab antiq" & de Jure fa?e debet. Nulla riparia de cetera defendatur nÔ ille fffint In defenso tepe H. reg avi nri p eade loca & eosde Pminos sicut ee consuevW tempe suo. Nutts viS, gstabular, coronator, vel alii ballivi nri teneat placita corone nre. Si aliq's tenes de nobis laycu feodu moriat' & vi? vt alius baits nr ostendat li?as nras patentes de sumoicoe nra de debito qd defundus nobis debuit, liceat via vt batto nro athachiare & Inbreviare catalla defudi inveta In layco feodo ad valencam ipius debiti p visu legal hoinu; ita tn qd nÔl amoveat' inde donc nobis psolvat' debitu qd claru fSit, & residuu relinquar exsecutor ad faciendu testam defundi & si n1 nobis debeat' ab ipo cedat defudo salvis uxor ipius & puer ronafelibj ptibus suis. Nutts qstabulaf vt batts ejus capiat blada vt alia catalla alicujus q no sint de villa ubi castru f8it nl stati inde den reddat, aut respedu inde here possit de voluntate vendor, si aute de ipa villa fffint infra xl. dies p>ciu reddat. Nullus qstabular dist'ngat alique militem ad dandu den p custodia castri si ipe ea fac?e voluerit In pp a psona sua vel p aliu pbu holem si ipe ea fa?e no possit pp ronablem cam. Et si nos duximus eum vel mise- rimus ibi in excitum er q'etus de custodia scdm q*ntitate tempis q¡ [p nobis3] fSat In exPcitu de feodo pro q" [fet?it p nobis in exccritu serviciu.4] Nutts vie vt batts nr capiat eq¡s vt caretas alicujus p carragio faciendo n1 reddat lifeaconem antiqÔtus statut, scit p careta ad duos eq¡s x. den p diem, ad t"s eq"s xiiii. denar p diem. Nulla careta dhica alicujus eccastice psoe vel militis vt alicuj9 [dni5] capiat' p battos nfos pdcos; n' nos nc batti nri nc alii capiemus alienu boscu ad castra vt ad alia agnda nÔ p voluntate ipius (6) boscus fSit: nec nos no tenebimus 9ras eo^ qui 9vti fSit de felonia n' p unu annu & unu diem & true reddan' ille tVe driis feodo^. Omes deceto Kidelii deponantur penitus p Tamysiam [vt7] Medeweyam & p tota Angliam nÔ p costam maris. Breve qd vocat' p*cipe de ce?o no fiat alicui de Iibo tenemto [uÔ *] liber ho pdat cur suam. Una mensura vini fiat p totii regnu nrm Et una mensura servisie & una mensura bladi, scit q'rtiu London. Et una latitudo panno^ tindo^ & russetop & haubgeto^ scit due ulne Inf* listas. De ponderib3 sit ut de mensur. Nichil de cetro det' p breve InqÕsiconis ab eo qÔ Inq'sicoem petit de vita vt de nib's, S3 g'tis concedatur & no neget'. Si aliqis teneat de nobis p fma feodi vel socagiu vel burgagiu nos no hebimus cus- todiam tiedis vt tre ejus que est de feodo ait ius occasione illius feodi firme vt [socagiu vt burgagiu9] n1 ipa feodi firma debeat '9viciu militare. ['Ò Nos n habebim9 c9todia hedis vt ?re alic9 qÔ tenet de [aliq¡"] p servic militare, occoe alic9 '"] pve sergancie qÔm de nobis tenet p sviciu reddendi nobis cuhett velsagittas vel hujusmodi. Nutts [pvusl2] batts [ponet aliqm '3] ad aliq*m lege deceto manifestam vel ad Juramentu [simplicis loquele 14] sua sine testibus fidelibus ad hoc Indu&is. Nutts liber homo capiat' vt Inp'sonetur aut dissasietur de libo tenemento suo vel de libertatibus vt libis consuetudinibus suis, aut hutlagetur aut exuletur aut aliq¡ m¡ destruat' nc sup eu ibimus n' sup eu mittemus nÕ p legale Judiciu pium suoji vel p lege tre. Itm ntti vendemus ntti negabimus aut defemus rectu vt justiciam. Omes locator n' antea publice phibiti fuint beant salvu exitu & securu de Angt Si venire In Angt & morari & Ire p Angt tarn p aq*m q*m p t ram ad vendend & emendu sine omibus malis tott p antiqas & redas consuetudies j^tq^m in tepibus guerr; & si sint de Vra 9t* nos guerf & si tat Inveniant' In Vra nra in p'ncipio guerrie [accipienturIJ] sine dapno corpo^ vel reru donc sciat' a nobis vel a capital^ justic nris q¡modo nicator tre nre traftentur q1 [nuc Ò] Inveniantur In t ra cont* nos guerrina, & si nri salvi sint ibi & alii salvi sint In tra nra. Ite si q's tenuerit de aliq* eschaeta, sicut de honore de Walingeford, Notingeh, Bolon, Langastr, vel de aliis eschaetis q sut In manu nra & sut baron & obierit ties ejus no det aliud relevium n3 faciet nobis aliud Sviciu q1 fa?et baron si eet tra ilia in manu baron. Et nos eodm modo earn tenebimus quo baro earn tenuit. Nec nos occasione talis baron

. contenemto 'i ,. n T,

È facere Dontes ad rioarias t Magtit Carta Johannu

1 p nos P P J 1 Hen-IILs A-D-lai? 3 9 Hen'11

4 f fuerit in exercitu. M. C. Johan. & 1 Hen. III.

(.fecit servitium in exercitu. M.C. A.D.yixy. &9Hen.III.

s DSe M.C.A.D. 1217: fs* 9 Hen, III. n V Inter linear inserta

6 cujus 1 8e

I unde

È socagii vel burgagii

II alio 11 deest 14 simplici loquela

'5 attachient' 16 tunc

j Magna Carta I Johannis;

\l Hen. III.: ( A.D. ltij i I 9 Hen. III.

fl^agna Carta

XXXVI. HENRICI m.

vel eschaetar tlebimus aliq'm eschaetam vt custodiam aliquop hominu nrop n1 alibi [ten&int Ô] dc nobis In capite ille q1 tenuit baron vel eschaetam. Nutts liber homo det alicui de cePo amplius de Pra sua vel vendet q*m de residuo Pre sue possit sufficien? fieri diio feod 9viciu ei debitu qd ptinet ad feod ilium. Omes patroni abbaciar qÔ hnt cartam reg Angt de advocac&ne, vel antiq'm tenura vel possonem heant eap custodiam cu vacant sicut here debet cu vacaverint, & sicut supra declaratu est. Nutts capiatur vel Inp'sonetur pp apttom femine de morte alPius q*m viri sui: [p nlm comit de cePo teneat' cur sive placitu *] nÔ de mense In mensem, & ubi major Pminus Se solebat major sit. Km nec aliq's vi5 nc batts suus faciat turnu suu (J) Hundr nÔ bis In anno & n5 n1 In loco debito & consueto, vide! semi post Pasch, & iPm post festu sfi michaelis; & visus de f"ncoplegoj> tuc fiat ad illu Pminu sfi Michis sine occasioe, Ita sit qd q'libet heat libtates suas q*s huit & here consuevit tepe H. reg avi nn vel q*s postea pquisivit; fiat aute visus de franfptg sic scit qd pax nra teneatur & qd tethinga integ* sit sicut ee consuevit [eo4] qd viP no querat occasioes & qd qtentus sit de eo qd vie here consuevit de visu suo faciend tempe H. reg avi nn. Itm no liceat alicui Pra sua dare alicui domui religiose ita qd ilia resumat tenend de eade dom. Nec liceat domui alicui religiose Pra alicujus sic recipe qd tradat illi a q¡ earn recepit tenend: si qÔs aute decePo Pra sua alicui domui religiose sic dedit & sup hoc covincatur [domus sua!] penitus cassetur & Pra ilia diio feod inferatur. Itm [scotagiu6] sic de cePo capiat' sicut capi cosuevit tempe H. reg avi nri. Et salve sint Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibus p'oribus, Templar, Hospitalar, Comil, Baron & omibus aliis ta ecfasticis psonis q'm sectaribus & omes libertates & libas consuetudies qÔs prius huerut. Omes aute istas consuetudies p*ddas & libertates q*s concessinms In regn nro tenedas q*ntu ad nos ptinet erga nros [hoesÕ] de regno nro tarn did q*m laid observet q"ntu ad se ptinet erga suos. Pro hac aute concessione & donac&ne libertatum istajs & aliap 9tentap In carta nra de libertatibus foreste, Archiepi, Epi, Abbaf, p'or, Comit, Baron, Milit, libe [tenenentes *] & omes de regno nro dederut q'ndecima pte mobiliu suop. Concessimus & eisde p nobis & hedibus nris qd nc nos nc hedes nr aliquid pq'remus p qd libertates In h*c carta contente Infrangantur vel infinentur. Et si ab aliq¡ aliq'd 9tra h- f9it pqÔsitu nichil valeat & p nichilo heatur. Hiis testibus, diio B. Cant Archiepo, T. London, Jobe Bathon, R. Vinthon, R. Lincoln, R. Sarebuf, & aliis epis, Abbatibus, Prior, Comit, Baron, militibus, & cePa. Datu apd Westm xj. die februar Anno ?. r. nr xxx¡vi¡.

1 tenuerit -v

! Nullus Comitatš de ce?o teneat' [M.C.A.D. 1217 : 3 p 4 & Hen. III.

5 donu suu 6 Scutagiu J

i omnes M. C.Joh. 5sV. * pravi pro tenentes

Carta Confirmations

REGIS HENRICI III.

XIV. DIE MARTII, ANNO REGNI XLIX. A.D.MCCLXIV-V.

Ite de forma pads & Jura- mento Regis jSstito sup eade.

Jurafiitu illicitu.

TT ) Omibj de Comitatu Ebop, satm : Ô] Cum pp? hostilem turbadone hitam in regno nro de *-*-*.'¥ unanimi assensu & voluntate nra & Edwardi filii nri p'mogeiti, Prelatop, Comitu, Baronum & comitatis regni nri p regni ipius pace pro cujus securitate dCs Edwardus & Henr filius Reg Alem nepos nr obsides dati fuerut concordi? sit pvisum, qd quedam ordinacb de unanimi assensu nro fPlatop Comitu ac baronu predco^ sup nro & regni nri statu London mense Junii anno regni nri xlviij fta inviolabitr [ob^vent''] uniPsitate vram scire volum9 qd nos ordinaf&em ipam 8r pace & t'nquillitatem regni bona fide ob^vare & in nullo cont*venire, ad S?a di Ewangelia juravim9. Hoc adjedo in eode sacro specialr & expsse qd occone fcoj> pcedenciu, tempore fbacSis aut guerre

Ô Henricus Dei gra Rex Angt, Dns Hibnie & Dux Aquitannie, Omnibj de Comitatu Midd, salutem. * observetur


Carta Confirmattonts.

XLIX. HENRICI III.

Pcedentis nemine occasionabim9 aut inculpabim9 de illis aut de pte illojf quos tanq'm inimicos diffida- vim9, puta Comites LeyP & Glouc & alios sibi adherentes, ac barones sive Cives nros London & q'nq^ portuu, nec alicui de pddis dampnu faciem9 aut fieri pcurabim9 nec p balllos nros aliqten9 fieri pmittem9. Jura vim9 insup qd ea omia que pro libacione ddop filii nri ac nepotis sunt pvisa & sigillo nro sigillata q*ntum ad nos ptinet inviolabili? observabimus, & ab aliis p posse nro faciemus ob€vari; volentes k consencietes expsse qd si nos vl dcus Edwardus filius nr cont* predcam ordi- nacoem, pvisione nram, seu juramentu quod absit in aliquo venire, seu pace & fnquillitatem regni nri turbare seu occ&ne fcop pcedenciu tempore tljacois ac guerre pcedentis alique de predcis aut de pte pdcfo^ quos diffidavim9 occasionare, seu alicui de eis dampnu fac?e aut fieri pcurare psumpserimus, liceat omib3 de regno nro cont* nos insurge k ad gravamen nrm opem & opam dare juxta posse. Ad quod ex psenti pcepto nro omes & singulos volum9 obligari, fidelitate k homagio nob fds no obstantibj. Ita qd nob in nullo intendant, set oinia que g"vamen nrm respiciut faciant, ac si in nullo nob te9entr, donee quod in hac pte tÕnsgressu fSit seu comissum cum satisfaccone congrua in statu debitu sedm pd?o£ ordinacois & pvisionis nre seu jurameti for*m f8it reformats. Quo fco nobis sicut p'us intendentes existant. Et si aliquis alius de regno nro cont* f?dca veire, seu pace k t*nquillitate regni nri turbare presump^it, seu nob vt Edwardo filio nro aut alicui al?i conr1 pdea vel aliquod pdeo^ venientib3, opem, consiliu, consensum vt auxiliu quoquo modo p*sti?it, si hoc notoriu f8it, aut de hoc p consideracoem consilii nri & magnatu terre nre conviftus fSit (') sive non, tarn ipe q*m bedes sui imppetuu exheredent' ac de terris & tenemetis ipo^ fiat put de terris eoji qui de felonia covifti sunt sedm leges & cosuetudies regni nri fieri consuevit. Ad hec de unanimi assensu & volutate nra, Edwardi filii nri, p*latop, Comitu, Baronu & coitatis regni nri cocordi? pvisu est, qd carte antique comuniu libtatum & forr coitati regni nri p nos dudu cocesse, in q*p violatores ad peticoem nram shia excoicaconis dudu lata est & p sede aplicam special? confirmata necno k omes articuli de nro k magnatu Pre nre comi assensu dudu pvisi, quos nup apud Wigorn existetes p sin.gulos Comitat9 sub sigillo nro t'nsmisim9 inviolabili? observent' imppetuu. Ad quop observacoem sacro ad Sea dei Ewangelia pstito, sponte nos obligam9, & omes Justiciar, Vicecoites, & quoscuq^ bathos de regno nro, tarn nros q'm aliop, simili sacro volum9 obligari. Ita qd nullus teneat' alicui battio obedire donee saerm pstirit. Et si quis cont* cartas ipas vel artictos pdcos in aliq¡ veire psupsit, pre? pjurii reatum & excoicacois shiam que incurret, p consideracoem Cur nre gravi? puniat'; salvo in pmissis put decet privilegio cticali. Et quia volum9 qd hec omia firmit & invio- labili? observent', univsitati vre injugendo ac pcipiendo mandamus, quatinus vos oines & singuli pdea omia & singula sicut supius scÕpta sunt faciatis, teneatis, k inviolabilit1 ob^vetis, & ad ea omia facienda tenenda & obsvanda ad Sea di Ewangelia sacro cor pali? pstito adinvicem vos obligetis. In cujus rei testimoniu cartas k ordinacoes pdcas cum psentibj littis patetibj vob sub sigillo nro t*nsmittim9 in Com nrm sub custodia fidedignop ad hoc etcop ad rei memoria salvo custodiendas cont* quas ne quis ignoranciam ptendere possit in futur ad min9 bis in anno in pleno Comitatu ipas pcipim9 publicari. Ita qd fiat pÔma publicacio in pxio Com post instans festu Pasche, secunda vero, fiat in pximo Coin post festu Sci Micbis, & sic deinceps fiat annuati. Volum9 insup qd sal vis omib5 sup'dcis oines alie ordinacoes & articuli p nos & consiliu nrm haftenus provisi, qui potunt ad honore Dei & eccie, fide nram & regni nri comodu observari, inviolabilr obsvent' & teneantr. Ut aute pmissa oinia & singula firma maneant & inconcussa, rev'endi pres Epi p regnu constituti ad instancia nram sentencia excoicacois fulminarut in omes illos qui cont* pmissa vel aliquod pmissop scien? veSit aut veire teptavit cti effcu, quop jurisdicconi seu coherconi spontanea volutate q'ntum ad pmissa nos submittim9, p'vilegiis nris omibj impet*tis aut impetrandis seu pprio motu Dhi Pp' nob cocessis aut imposPum concedendis in hoc pure reniiciantes put in littis sup hoc cofcis penes d2os platos residentibj pleni9 continetr. [In cuj9 rei 8cc. T. p-. apud Westiii.'J

1 de unanimi assensu nro, Edwardi filii nri, Comitum, Baronu & coitatis regni nri, pvisum est & statutum qd corpš ipius, si inventu fSit, capiatur, alioqÕn, a regno nro utlagetur; & sive inventus fuerit

1 In cujš rei testimoniu has Iras nras fieri fecimš patentes. T. me ipo apud Westin xiiij die Martii anno regni nn xlix.

e

r

Hr tween printer/ pm/rs -1'J H- .'i.'l.tf the, Charters of2-t hertzes.

rt

<vÈrt4 ÇvÈ.*JtÈo{Ltt£# im^^uT7^^T^ÈncÇ ^ÇCj<vif^fpaGef&nttnetS-,i^':¥-: & '}k cCvvrj ÈJ[W-*natÈ^HÇ j&e/'A^un,,lÇo?jJevw*W* f&nt c&rif j&r, av&mu*^

wÇ8vA,£ ^avtae-'Rvet 43?5cv^ÇS SfcfcA? r&vk u**ef[Q £ Cftntvm,

PM/uV^t^eCv^, È^r ee^*v^-^ÇÈ^7^<-'tÈ<a0rÈMHj eutirc^?u~¥ cr^e*j^** C^ff^evc$ ^pHictiv miAcSW,**.È}&t&a^^W/!

T- tntuO&A £^<*t#pWto aS>Sw^SiCr CÇfa* ynmfrAG&cty i

Sb'ttftnl^ n&~i^<m^*Çfctrv$'3&) cni ÇfiB* <&rA,fl&vÇÈ2 *£ &Ç&&£>È? fjJU£tÈtjir&*u^

yriS>u Mp&l**) xitMu^KSS^ Ç> A,ft*Çgr SWhm/.>*<È ^,^4*7

VÈAvj &" f^VÈÇ&/¥&<mÈ*J^ J&hhiZi totMcJSbtf}

ši|5^a9Ar-QÇÈS^i nu>jr^ -Èw9pw $nt/ pWnj t^nw'^jfmSRiBP- tCSwjv-ta^ "$vW9fu*w S^tdTra WSkfctHj dpi S|W?

iBroft*A>in ni3hiete-Ut.rÈi>icaC vSvci.etu $-r-w ¥*ÈÈ(£. aPm-trH A-Ut wAm oil

..ã r_------^ ,_T_7J-----------,7-------||MMTã.

¥toÇr jrtfJSWim^Skftro aft^it£^S*5W *artflk toCÈr^iir'?|piÇcna Suittaf^ a&i |*^<nSavrJ^Ctwi.j^fci/tff fr"S^Õ<Çsfiw

V^rti- <* Ct^vcS^ct; S^\<d&\* vw(k fc^|So|^wr

te^lkp^ C. mrittpd or^>r^|W'oin^<:ftfeatCif &Hnjtftsi&rey^iur^xnSfr^uac. ^¥Ct^6^^acww^M^^o^!*V^i'<!

ft. |fr

/// f /rttt/t/tft /aha

/^jlUiÔjjt

u/aj

wc____.V,

¥iÈuv

r~* 4 du; fiJMG. Ji.lUAs i

V rtJifi0GC^inir ^|c*Çr**7 e$È*$wi m^ipedxti^isate^. €w3tt£^ >j<fwcu£m ÇÇ

$8*Gj / ^DvuÇuCr / (£a**uiC; t^l it?t£cTšc&reS' ^u^pv-ij^d^T

<*- jPitfrna ftr/ Ô^fere- oCtSr ÔÇva 5m9 tuttg^fl iQ?0&vlKÈ £WiÇ-ifli|afr. Oruc^4^vr ctAra <-*-

t^iT rroipCttu* ¥ $Ç Oiurtttvrt iXka^uJ^ul^^W-aCcjj -rCMOt^ST^* cQPvi+ V Ayu*

* - -*È*-*- - ^ - f ViÑ*¥¥f.OnmXkft* <&$Ç$>Ç f-U^ *

aTwmi TlSkityj tnjVa ttktei*) ^Utr/S%tF*u*È .n*n$fS**'

fWipi <&*.Ç-

^., ÔÔrš šfšT?!Tf .^^A*^-^****,

Óty&kM/wfc^f^a-towa*- Ç*M! *wÇ.t% ^Ç-,.StÇ)V vwfl*w* Wnw o35wl

*)*Ó%ÒÇ!lÇ*ÈJ ftw*"*/š> fÈW ÇW<£È.9)Ç;Jw, yu JxifÇr & ft ^ flrtra a

.-jb.-.cv~SftÑma..-**..,-*ÑÇ... c^stid^. <¥' ^ n

. CL/a. s>j±A .__ ____ ^

,ayr

5**^W *r¡ªKl'Ta* ****cf

&4nÇÈ** Q& '*&È**Ç$ S^jyxm^ pvn& /*vcrtSm<^pF^&*r^^f

castia

REGIS EDWARDI, I.

XII0 DIE OCTOBRIS, ANNO REGNI XXV.

A.D. MCCXCV1I.

DWARDUS dei gra Rex Angt, Diis Hibn & Dux Aquit, Omnibj ad quos p'sentes litPe ¥ pveSint, Sattm. Inspexim9 magna carta dni H. quondam Regis Angt patris nn de libtatibj

Angt in hec verba. Henricus dei gra Rex Angt, Diis Hibn, Dux Normanii, Aquit, & Comes Andegavie, Archiepis, Epis, Abbibj, Prioribj, Comitibj, Baron, Vice1Ó, Prepositis, Minist's & omnibj Ballivis & fidelibj suis p'sentem cartam inspeduris, sattm. Sciatis qd no' intuitu dei, & p salute anime nostre & animajs antecessop & successor nrop ad exaltacoem See Ecctie, & emendacoem Regni nri, spontanea & bona voluntate nra, dedimus & concessimus Archiepis, Epis, Abbibj, Prioribj, Comitibj, Baronibj, & omibj de Regno nro, has libtates subscriptas, tenend in Regno nro Angt imppetuu. In primis concessimus Deo, & hac psenti carta nra confirmavim9, p nob & heredibj nris imppetuu, qd Ecctia Anglicana libera sit, & beat omia jura sua integra, & libtates suas illesas. Concessimus eciam, & dedim9 ofiiibj libis hominibj regni nri, p nob & heredibj nris imppetuu [has1] libtates subscriptas, habend & tenend, eis & heredibj suis, de nob & heredibj nris imppetuu. Si quis Comitum vt Baronu nrojj, sive alio^ tenenciu de nob in capite p servicium militare mortuus fSit, & cum decesserit [&Õ] heres ejus plene etatis f8it, & relevium debeat, beat beditatem suam p antiqum releviu, scilicet heres vel heredes Comitis de [Comitatu integro! ] p Centu libras, heres vt heredes Baronis de Baronia integra, p Centum [marcas,*] heres vt heredes Militis de feodo militis integro p Centum solidos ad plus, et qui min9 debSit, minus det, sedm antiquam consuetudine feodo^. Si autem heres alicuj9 talium, infra etatem fSit, diis ejus non beat custodiam ejus, nec terre sue, anteqÕm homagium ejus cepit, et postq*m talis heres fSit in custodia, cum ad etatem pvenlit scilicet viginti & unius anni, beat beditatem suam sine relevio & sine fine Ita tamen, qd si ipe dum infra etatem fSit fiat miles, nichilominus tYa remaneat in custodia diioj suo^ usq, ad tminu pdem. Custos ?re huj9modi heredis, qui infra etatem fSit, non capiat de fra heredis, nisi ronabiles exit9 & ronabiles consuetudies, & ronabilia Svicia, & hoc sine destruftione & vasto hominu [&5] rej. Et si nos comisimus custodiam alicuj9 talis 9re, Vicecomiti vt alicui alij, qui de exitibj tre illius, nob debeat respondere, & ille de custodia, destructions vel vastum fec*it, nos ab [eo6] capiem9 emendam, & tra comittat' duobj legalibj & discretis hoibj de feodo illo, qui de exitibj [?re illi9;] nob respondeant, vt [illi, cui illos8] assignav*im9. Et si dederim9 vt vendiderim9 alicui custodiam alicuj9 talis tre, & ille inde destruftoem feSit vel vastum, amittat illam c9todiam, & t*datr duobj legalibj & discretis hominibj de feodo illo qui sitr nob respondeant sicut pdi&um est. Custos autem q'mdiu custodiam tre [huj9modi9] buerit, sustentet domos, parcos, vivaria, stagna, molendina, & ce?a ad tram illam ptinecia, de exitibj tre ejusdem, et reddat heredi cu ad plenam etate pvenlit, Pram sua totam instauratam de carucis, & [de ,0] omnibj aliis rebj ad min9, [sicut"] illam recepit. Hec omia observent' de custodiis Archiepatuu, Epatuu, Abbiap, Poratuu, Ecdia^, & dignitatum vacanciu, que ad nos pdnet, excepto, qd custodie huj9modi vendi non debent. Heredes maritentr absqs dispagacoe. Vidua post mortem mariti sui, statim & sine difficultate aliqua beat maritagium suu, & beditatem suam, nec aliquid [det Ò] p dote sua, nec p maritagio suo, vt p beditate sua, quam beditatem mark9 suus & ipa tenuerut die obitus ipius mariti sui, & maneat in

1 omes È detst. 5 Baronia Comitis integra * libras

Õ vt 6 illo 7 deiunt. * ei cui cos

Èdust. 10 dust. " sedm quod 11 det

K

£0agna Carta

XXV. EDWARD!, I.

n*.

capitali mesuagio mariti sui p quadraginta dies, post obitum sui mariti, infra quos [dies/] assignet' ei dos sua, nisi p'us fu it ei assignata, vel nisi domus ilia sit castru, et si de castro recesserit, domus ei copetens statim pvideatr, in qua possit honeste morari, quousq, dos sua ei assignet', scdm qd p* *d£!m est, et heat ronabile estovÕium suu intim de comuni. Assignet' aute ei p dote sua, ?cia pars tocius ?re mariti sui, que sua fuit in vita sua, nisi de minori fSit dotata ad hostiu Ecctie. Nulla vidua distringat' ad se maritand, dum vol8it viv'e sine marito. Ita tamen, qd securitatem faciat, qd se non maritabit, sine assensu nro, si de nob tenSit, vl sine assensu dni sui, si de alio tenuerit. Nos 80 vl Ballivi nri non seisiem9 Cram aliqua [vel *3 redditum, p debito aliquo, q'mdiu catalla debitoris psencia sufficiut, ad debitu reddendu, & ipe debitor patus sit inde satisfa8e. Nec plegii ipius debitoris distringant', q*mdiu ipe capitalis debitor sufficiat ad solucoem [ipius4] debiti. Et si capitalis debitor defe?it in solucoe debiti non hens unde reddat, aut reddere nolit cu possit, plegij de debito respondeant, et si volSmt heant ?ras & reddit9 debitoris, quousq, sit eis satisfcfm dc debito, quod ante p eo solverut, nisi capitalis debitor monst'vÕit se inde esse q'etu 8s9 eosde pleg. Civitas London heat [omes libtates suas antiquas, & consuetudines suas.5] Prefea volum9 & concedimus, qd omes Civitates alie, & Burgi & Ville & Barones de quinq, portubj, & omes port9, heant omes libtates 8t liberas consuetudines suas. Nullus distringat' ad faciend majus svicium de feodo militis, nec de alio libero ten, q*m inde debet'. Comunia plita non sequant' Cur nram, set teneant' in aliquo 8to loco. Recognicoes de nova disseisia, & de morte antecessor, non capiant' nisi in suis Comitatib3, & hoc modo. Nos, vel si ext* regnu f8im9, capitalis Justiciar nos?, mittem9 Justiciar nfos, p unuquemq, Com, semel in anno, qui cu militib3 Comitatuu, capiant in Comitatib3 assis p>dcas, & [ilia,6] que in illo adventu suo in Com, p Justic [nros7] p*dcos ad dcas assisas capiendas missos, ?minari non possunt, p eosdem ?minent' alibi in itinle suo, et ea que p eosdem, pp? diffi- cultate aliquo^ articiop, ?minari non possunt, referant' ad Justiciar nros de Banco, & ibi Pminent'. Assise de ultima p>sentac6e, semp capiant' coram [Justiciar *] de Banco, & ibi eminent'. Liber homo non antciet' p pvo delidlo, nisi scdm modum ipius deliCli, et p magno delifto, scdm magnitudiem delidi, salvo cotenemento suo, et nicator eodem modo, salva ficandisa sua, et villanus al?ius q*m nr, eodem modo aniciet', salvo Waynagio suo si incident in misicordiam nram. Et nulla pdea^ mia^ ponat' nisi p sac*mentu pboj & leg h5Ium de visn. Comites & Barones no aficient' nisi p pares suos, & non nisi scdm modu delicti. Nulla eccliastica psona antciet' scdm qÔntitate bnficij sui eccliastici, set sfdm laicum ten suu, & scdm q*ntitate delifti. Nec villa nec homo distringat1 fa?e pontes ad riparias, nisi qui ab antiquo & de jure fa8e debent. Nulle riparie defendant' dece?o, nisi ille que fuerut in defenso rempe H. Regis avi nri, p eadent loca, & eosde ?minos, sicut esse cosueverut tempe suo. Nullus Vicecomes, Constabularius, [Coronator,9J vel alij Ballivi nri teneant plita Corone nre. Si aliquis tenens de nob laicum feodum moriat', & Vicecomes vl ballivus nr ostendat lit?as nras patentes de sumonicoe nra, de debito, quod defunftus nob debuit, liceat Vice- comiti, vel batlio nro attachiare & imbriare [oia bona &catalla defunfti inventa in laico feodo, ad valenciam illius debiti, p visum leg holum. Ita tamen, qd nichil inde amoveat', donc psolvat' nob debitu, quod clarum f8it, & residuu relinquat' executorib3, ad faciendu testametum defunfti, et si nichil nob debeat' ab ipo, omia catalla cedant defunfto, Salvis Uxi [ejus11] & pueris [ipius11] ronabilib3 ptibj suis. Nullus Constabularius vel ejus ballivus capiat blada vel alia catalla alicuj9, qui non sit de Villa ubi Castrum situm est, nisi statim reddat denar inde, aut respeflum inde here possit de voluntate venditoris. Si aute de ipa villa fuerit, infra quadraginta dies Pcium reddat. Nullus Constabularius distringat aliquem Mi litem, ad dand denar p custodia Castri, si (,J) earn fa8e volSit, in ppÔa psona sua, vl p aliu pbum holem [faciar,14] si ipe earn fa?e non possit pp? ronabile causam. Et si nos [adduium9 ,J] vel miserim9 eu in ex8citu, [sit16] quiet9 de c9todia, scdm q*ntitatem tempis, quo p nos fSit in ex8citu, de feodo, p quo fecit ÔSviciu in ex8citu. Nullus Vicecomes aut baits nr, vel aliquis alius capiat equos, vel carettas alicuj9 p cariagio faciendo, nisi reddat libacoem antiquit9 statutam, scilt, p [una17] caretta ad duos equos, decern denar p diem, et p caretta ad tres equos,

1 deest. 1 nc

.< omes antiquas libtates & libas cosuetudines suas

* Justiciariis nris s Coronatores 10 desunt.

Ó ipe 14 deest. *s duxerim9

* deest

6 ea

1 deest.

11 ipius

** suis

¥6 erit

17 deest.

flgtegna Carta

XXV. EDWARDI, L

quatuordecim denar p diem. Nulla caretta dnica alicuj9 ecctiastice psone, vt militis, vt alicuj9 diie [p battios nros capiat','3 nec nos nec ballivi nri nec alij capiem9 boscum alienu ad Castra vel [ad *] alia agenda nra, nisi p volutatem illius cuj9 boscus ille f2it. Nos no tenebim9 Pras [illop,J] qui covi&i fSint de felonia, nisi p unu annu & unu die, & tuc reddant' Pre [ille ÔJ dnis feodo^s. Omes Kidelli deponant' decePo penit9 p Thamisiam & Medeweyam & p totam Angt, nisi p Costeram mans. Bre quod vocat' Precipe, deceto non fiat alicui, de aliquo [libo!3 ten, unde liber homo pdat Cur suam. Una mensura vini, sit p totu regnu nrm, & una mensura Pvisie, & una [mesura6] bladi scilicet q*rPium London, et una ladtudo pannop tin&o^, (7) russeto^, & haubergettojt, scitt due ulne infra listas. De ponderibj vÕo sit [sicutde mensuris. Nichil decePo det' p bri inquisicbis ab eo, qui inquisicoem petit de vita vel [de9] membris, set g*tis cocedat', & non negetr. Si [aliqui teneant10J de nob p feodi firmam, vel p socagiu, vel burgagiu, & de alio [teneant Pram113 p Sviciu militare; nos n5 hebimus custodiam heredis, nec Pre sue, que est de feodo alPius, occone illius feodi firme, vel sokagij vel burgagij, nec hebim9 custodiam illius feodi firme vt socagij, vel burgagij, nisi ipa feodi firma debeat €viciu militare. Nos non hebim9 custodiam heredis vt [alicuj9 Pre '*] quam tenet de [aliquo ,J3 alio p Sviciu militare, occone alicuj9 pve sjantie, quam tenet de nob p sviciu reddend nob cultellos, vel sagittas vt huj9moi. Nullus Ballivus decePo, ponat aliquem ad legem maifestam, [nec Ô*3 ad juramentum simplici loquela sua, sine testibj fidelibj ad hoc induftis. Nullus liber homo capiat' vt imp sonet', aut disseisiat' de libo ten suo, vel libtatibj, vt libis consuetudinibj suis, aut utlaget', aut exulet, aut aliquo (,s) modo destruat', nec sup eu ibim9, nec sup eum mit- tem9, nisi p legale judiciu pium suo^, vt p legem Pre. Nulli vendem9, nulli negabim9, aut differem9 redum, vt justiciam. Omes ficatores, nisi publice antea phibiti fSint, heant salvu & securum [condudum l63 exire de Angt, k venire in Angt, & morari, & ire p Angt, tarn p Pram, q*m p aquam ad emend [& '7j vendend, sine omib} toltis malis, p antiquas & redas consuetudies pPq1 in tepore guerre. Et si sint de Pra cont" nos guerrina, & (,s) tales inveiant' in Pra nra in p'ncipio guerre, attachient' sine dapno corpum vt re|i, donc sciat' a nob, vel a capitali Justic nro, quomodo nicatores Pre nre t*ctentr, qui tuc inveiunt' in Pra [ilia Ò3 cont* nos guerrina, et si nri salvi sint ibi, alij salvi sint in t ra nra. Si quis tenuit de aliqua escaeta, sicut de honore Walinford, Boloii, Notingh, Lancastr vt (Ó) aliis escaetis, que sut in manu nra, & sint baronie, & obierit, heres ejus non det aliud releviu, nec faciat nob aliud vsvicium, qÒm faPet Baroni, si ilia esset in manu Baronis. Et nos eodem modo earn tenebim9, quo Baro earn tenuit. Nec nos occbne talis Baronie, vt escaete, hebim9 aliquam escaetam vel custodiam aliquots nrop hoium, nisi de nob alibi tenuerit in capite, ille qui tenuit baroniam vt escaetam. Nullus liber homo, det decePo amplius alicui vt vendat de Pra sua, q*m ut de residuo Pre sue possit sufficien? fieri dno feodi Sviciu ei debitum, quod ptinet ad feod illud. Omes proni Afebia^, qui bent cartas Regum Angt de advocac&e vt antiquam tenuram, vt possessions, heant eap custodiam cum vacavW, sicut here debet, & sicut [supius11 ] declaratum est. Nullus capiat' aut imp'sonetÕ pp? appellu femine, de morte alPius, qÔm viri sui. Nullus Comitat9 deceto teneat', nisi de mense, in mensem, et ubi major Pminus esse solebat, major sit. Nec aliquis Vicecomes vel batts [suus,J 3 faciat t'nu suu p hundred, nisi bis in anno, & non nisi in loco debito & cosueto, vidett semel post Pascha, & i?um post festu Sci Michis, et visus de franco pleg tuc fiat ad iliu Pminu SSi Michis, sine occone. Ita scilicet qd quilibet heat libtates suas, quas huit [vt14 3 here consuevit, tepe H. Regis avi nri, vt quas postea pquisivit. Fiat aute vis9 de franco pleg, sic, vidett, qd pax nra teneat', & qd Theothinga [teneat' integ*,,53 sicut esse consuevit. Et qd vicecoin, no querat occSnes, et qd content9 sit de eo quod Vicecom here cosuevit, de visu suo faciendo, tempe H. Regis avi nri. [Nec!,3 liceat decePo alicui dare Pram suam (*Õ) domui religiose ita qd illam resumat de eadem domo tenend. Nec liceat alicui domui religiose, Pram alicuj9 sic accipe, qd tÔdat earn illi, a quo earn recepit tenend. Si quis aute decePo tram suam alicui domui religiose sic

1 capiat' p battios pdcos

5 deert.

3 COf

¥ deeit.

3 deeit.

6 mensura

i k

¥ut

È deert.

10 aliquis teneat

11 Žram teneat

" Žre alic9

Ô3 dteit.

M vt

ls alio

dteit.

.7 vt

si

i0 deert.

Ç de

11 sup*

*> deert.

** &

' integra sit,

17 Non

*¥ alicui


In Cedula.

flpagna Carta

XXV. EDWARDI, L

dederit, & sup hoc covincat', donu suu penit9 cassetr, & tra ilia, diio (') illius feodi incurraf. Scutagium dece?o capiat', sicut capi consuevit, tempe H. Regis avi nri. Et salve sint Archiepis, Epis, Abbtibj, Priorib}, Templar, Hospitalar, Comitibj, Baronibus, & omibj aliis, tam ecctiasticis psonis, q*m secularibj, [omes '] libtates, & libere consuetudines, quas p'us huerunt. Oiiies aute [consuetudles & libtates pdcas,3] quas concessim9 in Regno nro tenend quantum ad nos ptinet erga nros; omes de regno nro, tam ctici, q*m laid, observent, quantum ad se ptinet erga suos. Pro hac aute donac&e & cocessione libtatu istap, & aliap cotentap in carta nra de libtatibj foreste, Archiepi, Epi, Abbes, Priores, Comites, Barones, Milites, libe tenetes & oes de regno nro, dederut nob, quintamdeciam pte oium mobiliu suop. Concessim9 eciam eisde p nob & heredibj nris, qd nec nos, nec bedes nri, aliquid pquirem9, p quod libtates in hac carta cotente, infringantÕ vt infirment'. Et si ab aliquo cont* hoc aliquid pquisitu fSit; nichil valeat, & p nullo beat'. Hiis testibj, diio S. Cantuar Archiepo, E. Lond Epo, J. Bathon, P. Wynton, H. Lind, R. Sap, [W. Roff,4] W.Wygorii, J.Elieii, H.Heref, R. Cycestr, (J) W. Exon, Epis; Abbe Sdi Edmundi, Abbe Sdi Albani, Abbe de Bello, Abbe SiS Aug9tini Cantuar, Abbe de Evesh*m, Abbe de Westm, Abbe de Burgo Sci Pet', Abbe de Reding, Atibe de Abyndon, Abbe de Malmesbury, Abbe de Wynchecumfe, Abbe de Hida, Abbe de Certeseye, Abbe de Shireburn, Abbe de Ceme, Abbe de Abbotesbury, Abbe de Middelton, Abbe de Seleby, (4) Abbe de Cyrencestr; H. de Burgo Justid [nro,7] [H.*] Comite Cestr & Lind, W. Comite Sap, W. Com Warenii, G. de Clare Comite Gloud & Hertf, W. de Ferr Comite Derb, W. de Maundevitl Com Essex, H. le Bygod Com Norff, W. Com Albemart, H. Coin Heref,

J. Constab Cestr, R. de Ros, R. fit Wal?i, R. de VePi ponte, W. de Bruer, R. de Muntfichet, P. fit H~berti, (Õ) W. de [Aubeny,10] [F. Gresly, F. de Breus,Ó] J. de Monemue, J. fit Alani, H. de Mortuo Mari, W. de Bello Campo, W. de Sco Jobe, P. de [Malo 11 ] Lacu, Briano de Insula, Th de Multon, R. de Argentein, G. de Nevitt, W. Mauduit, J. de Baiun [& aliis13] Dat apud Westm, xj¡ die Febr, anno regni nri nono. Nos aute donacoes & cocessiones p*dcas, ratas bentes & g*tas, eas p nob & heredibj nris cocedim9 & cofirmamus, easq, tenore psenciu innovam9. Volctes & cocedentes, p nob & bedibj nns, qd Carta p*dea, in omibj & singtis suis artictis, imppetuu firmiP & inviolabili? observed, eciam si aliqui articti in eade carta cotenti, hucusq, forsitan no f8int observati. In cuj9 rei testimoniu, has tras nras fieri fecim9 patentes. Teste Edwardo fit nro apd Westm, duodecto die 0£tobr, anno regni nri Vicesimo Quinto.

Edwardus dei gra Rex Angt Dns Hifeii Sc Dux Aquif, Vice1Õ* London Saitm. Quia in relevacoem oium IncolajÈ & popti Regni nri p nona nob a laicis de Regno nro in subsidiu defensionis ejusdem Regni concessa, concessim5 6 & confirmavim5 p nob Sc heredibj nris magnj cartam de libertatibj Angt, eamq, innovavim5, volentes 8c concedentes qd carta ilia in omibj 8c singtis suis artictis firmi? 8c inviolabili? observer, vofc pcipimus qd cartam pdcam in Civitate (5dca sine ditone pupplicari, 8c earn in omibj 8c singtis suis articulis quatum in vob est observari faciatis firmi? 8c teneri. T. Edwardo fit nro apud Westm. xij die Octobr, anno r n vicesimo quinto.

1 suo 3 8c

Albiniaco

* deest. 3 istas consuetudines pdcas 8c libtates

6 Abbe de Wyteby, i deest. * R.

" Rob. Grest, Regiii de Brahus, l! Mala

4 B. Roffen,

9 Matho fit Hrbti, u desunt.

Carta Confirmattonts

REGIS EDWARDI, I.

V. DIE NOVEMBRIS, ANNO REONI XXV.

A.D. MCCXCVII.

EDWARD par la grace de dieu Roi Dengleterre Seygneur Dirlande e Dues Daquitaine a toutz ceux qui cestes {Psentes lettres verrount ou orrount salutz. Sachiez ; nous al honeur de dieu e de seinte eglise, e a profist de tout nre Roiaume avoir graunte, pur nous e pur nos heyrs, ke la graunt chartre des fraunchises, e la chartre de la foreste, les queles feurent faites par comun asent de tout le Roiaume en le temps le Roi Hanry nre Pere, soient tenues en touz leur pointz saunz nul blemissement. E volums ke meismes celes chartres desouz nre seal soient envieez a nos Justices ausi bien de la forest cume as autres, E a touz les viscountes des counteez, E a toutz nos autres Ministres, e a toutes noz Cyteez par my la terre, ensemblement oue noz brefs, en les quieux serra countenu kil facent les avauntdites chartres puplier, e ke il facent dire au pueple ke nous les avus grauntees, de tenir les, en toutz leur pointz, E a nos Justices Viscountes e Maires, e autres Ministres, qui la loy de la terre desoutz nous e par nous ount a guier, meismes les Chartres en toutz lur pointz en pledz devaunt eaux, e en Jugementz, les facent alower, Cest a savoir la graunt Chartre des fraunchises cume loi comune, E la chartre de la forest, soluc lasise de la forest, al amendement de nre pueple. E volums ke si nuls jugementz, soient donez desore mes, encountre les pointz des chartres avauntdites, par Justices e par nos autres Ministres qui countre les pointz des chartres tienent pledz devaunt eaux, soient defez, e pur nyent tenuz. E volums ke meismes celes chartres desoutz nre seal soient envieez as eglises cathedrales parmi nre Roiaume e la demoer- gent, e soient deus fiez par an lues devaunt le poeple. E ke Arceeveesques Evesq,s doingnent sen.tences de graunt escumeg, countre touz ceaux qui countre les avauntdites chartres vendrount ou en fait ou en ayde, ou en counsal, ou nul poynt enfreindrent ou encountre vendrount. E ke celes sentences soient denunciez e pupliez deux foyz p an par les avauntditz Prelats. E si meismes les Prelas Evesqz ou nul deux soient necgligentz, a la denunciaciun susdite faire, par les Arceevesques de Caunterbire e de Euerwyk, qui pur temps serrount, sicume covyent soient repris e destreintz a meismes cele denunciacun fere en la fourme avauntdite. E pur coe ke aukuns gentz de nre Roiaume se doutent q les aides e les mises les queles il nous unt faitz avaunt ces houres pur nos guerres, e autres busoignes, de leur graunt e de leur bone volente, en quele manere qe fez soient, peussent toumer en servage a eux, e a leur heyrs, par coe qil serroient autrefoytz trovez en Roulle, e ausint Prises que unt este faites par my le Roiaume par nos ministres en nostre noun; avus graunte pur nous e pur nos heyrs q mes teles aydes mises ne prises ne trerroms a coustume par nule chose qe soit fayte, ou ke par Roulle, ou en autre maffe pust estre trovee. E ausit avus graunte pur nous e pur nos heyrs, as Arceevesques, Evesques, Abbees, Priours, e as autre gentz de seint eglise, e as Countes e Barouns, e a toute la comunaute de la tVe, que mes pur nule busoigne tieu marine des aydes mises ne prises de nre Roiaume ne prendrums fors ke par comun assent de tout le Roiaume, e a comun profist de meismes le Roiaume, sauve les auncienes aydes e prises dues e acoustumees. E pur coe ke tout le plus de la comunaute del Roiaume se sentent durement grevez, de la male toute des leynes, cest asaver de chescun sac de Leyne quarante sous e nous unt prie ke nous les vousissums relesser; Nous a leur priere le avus pleinement relesse. E avus graunte q cele ne autre mes ne prendros sauntz leur comun assent e lur bone volente, 6auve a nous e a nos heyrs la coustume des leynes peaux e quirs avaunt grauntez par la comunaute du Roiaume avaundit. En tesmoinaunce des quieux choses nous avus fait faire cestes noz lettres overtes. Donees a Gaunt le quint jour de Novembre lan de nre regne vintisme quieent.

L


a$z&šz ez&%z

REGIS EDWARDI, I.

XXVUI¡ DIE MARCH, ANNO REGNI XXVIII.

A.D. MCCC.

Magna Cana de libenatib) Angt.

pT) EX Archiepis he. saffm.'] Inspeximus magnam cartam dni H. quondam Regis Angt pfis nfi, *-.*-*' de libenatib} Angt, in hec verba. Henricus dei gra Rex Angt Dns Hifen Dux Normanii, Aquitann, 8c Comes Andeg, Archiepis, Epis, Abbatib}, Priorib}, Comitibj, Baronib}, Vicecomitib}, Prepoitis, Ministris, 8c omib} Battis & fidelib} suis, pÕsentem cartam inspe&uris, sattm. Sciatis qd not intuitu dei, h p salute anime nre, & anima^ antecesso^ h successor nro£, ad exaltacoem see ecctie, & emendacbem regni nfi, spontanea 8c bona voluntate nra, dedimus, & concessimus Archiepis, Epis, Abbatib}, Priorib}, Comitib}, Baronib}, h omib} de regno nfo has libertates subsc'ptas, tenendas in regno nro Angt imppetuu. In p'mis concessimus deo, & hac pPsenti carta nra confirmavim9, p nob & heredib} nris imppetuu, qd Ecctia Anglicana libera sit, & heat omia jura sua integra, 8c libertates suas iilesas. Concessimus eciam, & dedimus, omib} liberis hominib} regni nfi, p nob & heredib} nris imppetuu, has libtates subsc'iptas hendas h tenendas eis Sc heredib} suis de nob 8c heredib} nris imppetuu. Si quis Comitu vel Baronu nfojj, sive alio^ tenenciu de nob in capite, p sviciu militare, mortuus fuerit, 8c cum decesserit, (Õ) heres ejus plene etatis fuit, 8c relevium debeat, heat hereditatem suam p antiqum relevium, scitt heres vel heredes Comitis, de Comitatu integro, p Centum libr, heres vel heredes Baronis de Baronia integra, p Centum marcas, heres vel heredes Militis, de feodo Militis integro, p Centum solidos ad plus ; et qui minus [huerit,3] minus det sedm antiquam consuetudinem feodop. Si autem heres alicujus taliu infra etatem fSit, diis ejus no heat custodiam ejus, nec terre sue, anteq1 homagiu ejus cepit, et postq'm talis heres fSit in custodia, cum ad etatem pveSit, scitt viginti 8c unius anni, heat hereditatem suam sine relevio h sine fine. Ita tamen qd si ipe dum infra etatem fSit, fiat miles) nichilomin9 terra remaneat in custodia dho£ suop, usq^ ad tminu p>dcm. Custos terre hujusmodi heredis, qui infra etatem fuit, non capiat de terra heredis nisi ronabiles exitus, & ronabiles consuetudines, 8c ronabilia svicia, 8c hoc sine destruccione 8c vasto hoinum 8c reji. Et si nos commiserim9 custodiam alicujus talis terre Vicecomiti, vel alicui alii, qui de exitib} terre illius nob debeat respondere, 8c ille de custodia destruccionem vel vastum fec?it, nos ab eo capiemus emendam, h terra committatur duob} legalib} 8c discretis hominib} de feodo illo, qui de exitibus terre illius nob respondeant, vel illi, cui illos assignavim9. Et si dederim9 vel vendiderim9 alicui, custodiam alicujus talis terre, & ille inde destruccione fe2it vel vastum, amittat illam custodiam, 8c t'datur duob} legalib} 8c discretis hominib} de feodo illo, qui similit nob respondeant sicut pUcm est. Custos autem qÔdiu custodiam terre hujusmodi huerit, sustentet domos, parcos, vivaria, stagna, molendina, 8c cet a ad terram illam ptinencia de exitib} terre ejusdem, 8c reddat heredi cum ad plenam etatem pveSit, terram suam totam instaurata de carucis, 8c de oihib} alijs reb}, ad minus sicut illam recepit. Hec omia observentr de custodiis Archiepatuu, Epatuum, Abbathia^, Prioratuu, Ecclia^, 8c dignitatum vacanciu, que ad nos ptinent, excepto, qd custodie hujusmodi vendi non debent. Heredes maritent' absq, dispagacione. Vidua post mortem mariti sui statim, 8c sine difficultate aliqua, heat maritagiu suum, 8c hereditatem suam, nec aliquid det p dote sua, nec p maritagio suo vel p hereditate sua, quam heditatem, maritus suus 8c ipa tenuerunt [simul,*] die obitus ipius mariti sui, 8c maneat in capitali mesuagio mariti sui, p quadraginta dies post obitum mariti sui, infra quos dies

' Edwabdus Dei gra Rex Angt, Diis Hi tin &c Dux Aquit, Omnibj ad quos psentes lit?e pvefiint, Sattm. Ç & 5 debuit * drest.


£0agna Carta

XXVIII. EDWARDI, I.

assigned a dos sua, nisi pus f&it ei assignata, vel nisi domus ilia sit Castrum, ct si de Castro recesserit domus ei competens statim pvideatur, in qua possit honest e morari, quousq dos sua ei assignet', scdm qd pdcm est, et heat ronabile estov^iu suu int im de coi. Assignet' autem ei pro dote sua, tcia pars tocius terre mariti sui, que sua fuit in vita sua, nisi de mitiori f8it dotata ad hostiu ecctie. Nulla vidua distringat' ad se maritandam, dum vol&it vive sine marito ; Ita tamen qd securitatem facial, qd se non maritabit sine assensu nro, si de nob ten&it, vel sine assensu diii sui, si de alio tenuit. Nos vero, vel Ballivi nri, non seisiemus terram aliquam, vel redditum p debito aliquo, q'mdiu catalla debitoris psencia sufficiunt ad debitum reddendu, & ipe debitor paratus sit inde sadsfaPe. Nec plegii ipius debitoris distringant' q'mdiu ipe capital debitor sufficiat ad solucbem ipius debiti, et si capital debitor defe&it in solucione debiti, non hens unde reddat, aut reddere nolit cum possit, plegii de debito respondeant, et si volSint, beam terras & redditus debitoris quousq, sit eis satisfcm de debito, quod ante p eo solverunt, nisi capitat debitor monstravit se inde esse quietum, 9sus eosdem plegios. Civitas London heat omes libertates suas antiquas, & consuetudines suas. Prefea volum9 & concedim9, qd oines Civitates alie, & Burgi, & ville, & Barones de quinq, portubj, & onies portus heant omes libertates, & liberas consuetudines suas. Nullus distringat' ad faciend majus €viciu de feodo militis, nec de alio libero tenemento, q* inde debet'. Communia placita non sequant' Curiam nram, set teneant' in aliquo loco certo. Recogniciones de nova disseissina, & de morte antecessoris, non capiant' nisi in suis Comitatibj, & hoc modo. Nos, vel si extra regnum fuim9, capitalis JustiC nr, mittemus Justiciar nros p unumquemq Comitatu semel in anno, qui cum militib} Comitatuu capiant in Comitatib3 assisas jpdcas, & ilia que in illo adventu suo in Comitatu* p JustiC nros pdCos, ad dcas asslas capiendas missos, tminari non possunt, p eosdem Eminent' alibi in itiSe suo ; & ea que p eosdem pp? difBcultatem aliquo^ articulop tminari non possunt, referant' ad Justic nros de Banco, & ibi Eminent'. Assise de ultima pÕsentacione semp capiant' coram JustiC de Banco, & ibi Eminent'. Liber homo non aniciet' p parvo defco nisi scdm modu ipius detCi, & p magno deico scdm magnitudinem deld, salvo contenemento suo, et nicator eodem modo, salva irJcandisa sua, et villanus altius q1 nos? eodem modo aniciet', salvo wainagio suo, si inciderit in rhiam nram. Et nulla p*dca£ miap ponat', nisi p sacrm pbop & leg hoim de visneto. Comites & Barones n5 an)dentr, nisi p pares suos, & n5 nisi scdm modum detci. Nulla eccliastica psona atticied scdm q'ntitatem beneficii sui ecctiasrici, set scdm laicii ten suum, & scdm q'ntitatem detCi. Nec villa nec [liber'] homo distringat' fade pontes ad riparias, nisi qui ab antiquo, & de jure fa&e debent. Nulle riparie defendant' dece?o, nisi ille que fuerunt in defense, tempe H. Regis, avi nri, p eadem loca & eosdem tininos sicut esse consueverunt tempore suo. Nullus Vicecomes, Constabular, Coronator, vel alii Ballivi nri, teneant placita corone nre. Si aliquis tenens de nob laicii fecdu moriat', & Vicecomes, vel Ballivus noster, ostendat littas nras patentes, de sfunonicione nra, de debito, quod defunftus nob debuit, liceat Vicecomiti, vel Ballivo nro, attachiare, & imbriare oinia bona & catalla defun&i, inventa in laico feodo, ad valenciam illius debiti, p visum legalium holm. Ita tamen, qd nichil inde ammoreat', donee psolvatur nob debitum, quod clarum f&it, & residuu relinquat' executory, ad faciend testamentu defunfti, et si nichil nob debeat' ab ipo, oinia catalla cedant defundto salvis ux?i ejus, & p&is ipius, ronabilib3 partib3 suis. Nullus Constabularius, vel ejus Battus capiat blada vel alia catalla alicuj9, qui no sit de villa ubi Castrum situm est, nisi statim reddat denarios inde, aut respectum inde here possit de voluntate venditoris. Si autem de ipa villa f&it, infra qÕdraginta dies pcium reddat. Nullus Constabularius distringat aliquem militem, ad dand denar p custodia Castri, si [ipe Ò] earn fa&e volSit, in ppria psona sua, vel p aliu pbum hoiem faciat, si ipe earn fa&e non possit, pp? racionabilem causam. Et si nos adduxlim9 vel miserim9 eum in ex&citum sit quietus de custodia scdm q'ntitatem temporis, quo p nos f&it in ex&citu, de feodo p quo fecit Õs>viciu in ex&citu. Nullus Vic, vel Ballivus nr, vel aliquis alius capiat equos vel carettas alicujus p cariagio faciendo, nisi reddat libacoem antiquitus statutam, scilt p una caretta ad duos equos decern denarios p diem, & p caretta ad tres equos q'tuordecim denar p diem. Nulla caretta dtiica alicujus eccliastice psone, vel militis, vel alicujus due, p baittos nros capiat'. Nec nos nec Ballivi nri, nec alii, capiem9 boscum alienu ad Castra vi ad alia agenda nra, nisi p voluntatem

Ô deal.


. detit.

£0agna Carta

XXVm. EDWARDI, I.

illius, cujus boscus ille fSit. Nos non tenebim9 terras illo£ qui covi&i fuerint de felonia nisi p unu annu & unu diem, & tuc reddant' terre ille dhis feodop. Omes Kidelli deponant' decePo penitus p Tamisiam, & Medeweyam, & p totam Angt nisi p costeram maris. Breve quod vocatur Precipe, deceVo no fiat alicui, de aliquo libo tenemento, unde liber homo pdat Curiam suam. Una mensura vini sit p totum regnu nrm, & una mensura 5visie, & una [mensura1] bladi, scitt quarter London, & una latitudo pannop tin&op Russetop & Haubergettop, scitt due ulne infra listas. De ponderibj vero sit, sicut de mensuris. Nichil decePo detur p tori inquisicois ab eo, qui inquisicoem petit de vita, vel de membris, set g*tis concedatr, & non negetr. Si aliqui teneant de not) p feodi firmam, vel p socagiu vel burgagiu, & de alio teneant tram p Sviciu militare, nos no feebim9 custodiam heredis, nec terre sue, que est de feodo altius, occone illius feodi firme, vel socagii vel burgagii, nec hebi- mus custodiam illius feodi firme, vel socagii vel burgagii, nisi ipa feodi firma debeat 's>viciu militare. Nos no hebim9 custodiam heredis, vel alicujus terre, quam tenet de aliquo alio p Sviciu militare, occone alicujus pve serjantie, quam tenet de nob, p Õsviciu reddendi nob cultellos, vel sagittas vel hujusmodi. Nullus Battus decePo ponat aliquem ad legem manifestam, nec ad juramentu simplici loquela sua, sine testibj fidelibj, ad hoc indu&is. Nullus liber homo capiatur, vel imp'sonet', aut disseisiat' de libero ten suo, vel libtatib}, vel liberis consuetudinib} suis, aut utlaget' aut exulet, aut aliquo modo destruat', nec sup eum ibimus, nec sup eum mittem9, nisi p legale judiciu piu suop, vel p legem terre. Nulli vendem9, nulli negabim9, aut differem9 reftum vel justiciam. Omes i9ca- tores, nisi publice antea phibiti f8int, beant salvu & securfi condudum exire de Angt, & venire in Angt, Sc morari, Sc ire p Angt, tarn p Pram, qÔ p aquam, ad emend & vendend, sine oiniby toltis malis, p antiquas & reftas consuetudines, p>?q*m in tempore guerre; & si sint de terra contra nos guerrina, & tales inveniant' in Pra nra, in pncipio guerre, attachient' sine dampno corpop, vel ref, donee sdatr a nob, vel a capitali Justic nro, quomodo iScatores tre nre t*dentr, qui tunc inveniunt' in Pra ilia corn* nos guerrina, & si nri salvi sint ibi, alii salvi sint in terra nra. Si qÔs tenSit de aliqua escaeta, sicut de honore Wallingford, Bolonie, Notingb, Lancastr, vel aliis escaetis, que sunt in manu nra, Sc sint Baronie, & obierit, heres ejus no det aliud releviu, nec facial nob aliud sviciu, q* faPet Baroni si ilia esset in manu Baronis, Sc nos eodem modo earn tenebim9, quo Baro earn tenuit. Nec nos occ&ne talis Baronie, vel escaete, hebim9 aliquam escaetam, vel custodiam aliquo^ nroj> holm, nisi de nob alibi tenSit in capite ille qui tenuit baroniam, vel escaetam. Nullus liber homo det decet'o amplius alicui, vel vendat de tra sua, ql ut de residuo terre sue, sufficient possit fieri dno feodi, Sviciu ei debitum, quod ptinet ad feodum illud. Omes patroni Abbacia^, qui bent cartas Regum Angt de advocacione, vel andqua tenuram, vel possessionem beant ea£ custodiam, cum vaca- vint, sicut here debent & sicut supius declaratum est. Nullus capiat', aut impÕsonet' pp? appellu femine, de morte altius ql viri sui. Nullus Comitatus deceto teneat', nisi de mense in mensem, & ubi major tminus esse solebat, major sit. Nec aliquis Vic vel Ballivus suus faciat turnu suu p Hundrm, nisi bis in anno, Sc non nisi in loco debito Sc consueto, vidett semel post Pascha, & itum post festu sci Micbis. Et visus de franco plegio, tuc fiat ad ilium tminu Sci Micbis sine occone, Ita scitt, qd quilibet heat libtates suas, quas huit, vel here consuevit tepe H. Regis, avi nfi, vel quas postea pquisivit. Fiat autem visus de franco plegio, sic, vidett, qd pax nra teneat', & qd Theothinga teneat' integra, sicut esse consuevit, Sc qd Vicecomes non querat occones, & qd con.tends sit de eo, quod Vicecomes here consuevit de visu suo faciendo tempore H. Regis avi nri. Nec liceat decetro alicui, dare terram suam domui religiose, ita qd illam resumat de eadem domo tenendam. Nec liceat alicui domui religiose, terram alicujus sic accipe, qd tradat [illam1] illi, a quo earn recepit, tenendam. Si quis autem dece?o terram suam, alicui domui religiose sic dederit, & sup hoc covincat', donu suu penit9 casset', & tra ilia domino illius feodi incurrat'. Scutagiu deceto capiat', sicut capi consuevit, tempe H. Regis avi nri. Et salve sint Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibus, Priorib3, Templar, Hospitelar, Comitiby, Baronibj, & omibj aliis, tam eccliasticis psonis, ql secularibj, omes libertates, & libere consuetudines, quas pÕus buerunt. Omes autem consuetudines, & libtates p*dcas, quas concessim9 in regno nro tenendas, q*ntum ad nos ptinet erga nros, omes de regno nro tam ctici q4 laid observer q*ntum ad se ptinet erga suos. Pro hac autem donadone & concessione

1 mesura

1 earn

$3agna Carta

XXVIII. EDWARDI, I.

libtatum is tap, & aliap contentap in carta nra, de libtatib3 foreste, Archiepi, Epi, Abbates, Priores, Comites, Barones, Milites, libe tenentes, & omes de regno nro, dederunt nob quintandecimam ptem

E. London Epo, J. Bathoii Epo, P. Wynton, H. Lincolnieii, R. Sap, W. Roff, W. Wygorii,

J. Elyen, H. Hereforden, R. Cycestr, W. Exon Epis; Abbe SCi Edmundi, Abbe SCi Albani, Abbe de Bello, Abbe SCi Augustini Cantuar, Abbe de Evesham, Abbe de Westm, Abbe de Burgo SPi Petri, Abbe de Reding, Abbe de Abyndon, Abbe de Malmesbury, Abbe de Wynchecumbe, Abbe de Hida, Abbe de Certeseye, Abbe de Shirbum, Abbe de Cerne, Abbe de Abbotesbir, Abbe de Middeltoii, Abbe de Seleby, Abbe de Cyrencestr; H. de Burgo [Justiciar,' ] H. Comite Cestr & Lincoln, W. Comite Sap, W. Comite Warenfi, G. de Clare Comite Gloucestr & Hertford, W. de Ferrar, Comite Derb, W. de Mandevitt, Comite Essex, H. le Bygod Comite Norff, W. Comite Alber- marlie, H. Comite Hereford, J. Constabular Cestr, R. de Ros, R. filio Walti, R. de Veti Ponte, W. de Bruer, R. de Muntefichet, P. filio Herbi, W. de Aubeny, F. Gresly, F. de Breus, J. de Munemue, J. filio Alani, H. de Mortuo Mari, W. de Bello Campo, W. de Sco Johe, P. de [Malo ÔJ lacu, Briano de Insula, Thoma de Multon, R. de Argentein, G. de Nevitt, W. Mauduit, J. de Baiun, & aliis. Dat apd Westm xj. die Februarii anno regni nri nono. Nos autem donaciones & concessiones p>dcas ratas bentes & g*tas, eas p nob, & heredibj nfis, concedim9 & confirmam9, easq, tenore psenciu innovamus. Volentes & concedentes p nob & heredibj nris, qd carta pdca, in oniibj & singtis suis articulis imppetuu firmi? & inviolabili? observed, eciam si aliqui articuli in eadem carta contend hucusq^ forsitan non fSint observati. [Hiis tesubj, veSabilibj pnbj, R. Cantuar Archiepo, tocius Angt primate, A. Dunetm Epo, R. London, R. Elyen, T. Exon, W. Coventr & Lych, S. Sap, J. Roff, J. NorwiP, & J. Landaven Epis, J. Lincoln eico, Jobe de Warenna Comite Surr, Thom Comite Lancastr, Rogo le Bygod, Comite Norff, & Marescallo Angt, Henrico de Lacy Comite Lincoln, Rado de Monte Hermeri Comite Gloucestr & Hertford, Humfrido de Bohun Comite Hereford & Essex, Guidone de Bello campo, Comite Warr, Rico filio Alani, Comite Arundett, Reginaldo de Grey, Jobe de Hastingg, Henr de Percy, Hugone le Despen€, Hugone de Veer, Robto de Tateshale, Hugone Bardolf, Hugone de Curtenay, Jobe de Seg've, Henrico de Grey, Wittmo de Ros de Helmesleye, Alano la Zousche, Robto de Tony, Robto de Monte Alto, Witto de Brewos, Thoma de Fumivall, Johe Engaigne, Petro Corbet, Witto de Leyburn, Witto le Latimer, Wal?o de Bello Campo, Senescallo Hospicii nri, Walto de HunPcumbe, & aliis. Dat p manu nram apud Westm, vicesimo octavo die Marcij, anno &c. vicesimo oftavo.J]

1 Justic nro, * mala

3 In cujs rei testimoniu, has Iras nras fieri fecim9 patentes. Teste Edwardo fit nro apd Westm, duodecio die Octobr, anno regni nri vicesimo quinto.

oim mobiliu suop. Concessim9 eciam eisdem p nob & heredibj nris, qd nec nos, nec heredes nri, aliquid pquirem9, p quod libtates in hac carta contente, infringant' vel infirment'. Et si ab aliquo cont* hoc aliquid pqÕsitu fSit, nichil valeat, & p nullo heatur. Hiis testibj, dilo S. Cantuar Archiepo,

M

Canada De jrameaxa

REGIS EDWARDI, I.

XXVIIl" DIE MARCH, ANNO REGNI XXVIII. A.D.MCCC.

Carta dc Forcsta.

T) Archiepis &c. Justic, Forestar, Vicecomitib}, Prepositis & oinibj Ballivis & fidelibj suis, psentem cartam inspeftur sattm. Inspexim9 cartam Dru H. quondam Regis Angt pns nn de Foresta, in hec verba. Henricus dei gra Rex Angt Dns Hibn, Dux Normann, Aquit, & Comes Andeg, Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibj, Prioribj, Comitibj, Baronibus, Justiciar, Forestar, Vicecomitib3, Prepoitis, Ministris, & omibj Ballivis & fidelibj suis psentem cartam inspeftur, sattm. Sciatis qd nos intuitu dei, & p salute anime nre, & animals antecesso^ & successor nrop, ad exaltafoem See Ecctie, & emendacbem regni nri, spontanea & bona voluntate nra, dedim9 & concessim9, Archiepis, Epis, Comitibus, Baronibj, & oinibj de regno nro has libtates subsc'ptas, tenendas in regno nro Angt, imppetuu. In p'mis omes Foreste, quas Henricus Rex Avus nos? afforestavit, videantur p bonos & legales holes, & si boscum aliquem, alium, qÔ suu diiicum afforestavit, ad dampnu illius, cujus boscus ille fSit, deafforestetr, & si boscum suu pprium afforestavit, remaneat foresta, salva comuna de herbagio, & aliis in eadem foresta, illis qui p'us earn here consueverunt. Homines vero qui manent ext* forestam, non veniant deceto coram Justiciar nns de foresta, p comunes sumonicoes, nisi sint in placito, vel plegii alicujus, vel aliquo£, qui attachiati sut pp? forestam. Omes autem bosci qui [fuerunt'] afforestati p Regem Riciil Avunctm nrm, vel p Regem Johem prem nrm, usq ad p'mam coronacbem nfam, statim deafforestentur nisi sit diiicus boscus nos?. Archiepi, Epi, Abbates, Priores, Comites, Barones, Milites, libere tenentes, qui bent boscos suos in Forestis heant Boscos suos, sicut eos huerunt, tempore p'me ccronacois Regis Ifenrici Avi nil, Ita qd quieti sint imppetuu de oinibj [prpresturis,!] vastis & [assartis,3] feis in illis Boscis, post illud tempus usqs ad pÔncipiu sedi anni coronacionis nre. Et qui dece?o vastum, [purpsturain, vel assartum sine licencia nfa in illis feCtnt,4] de vastis, [p'presturis2] & [assartis3] respondeant. [Regardatores 5] nri eant p Forestas, ad faciend regardum, sicut fieri consuevit tempore p'me coronacois Regis Henrici, Avi nri, & no ali?. Inquisicio vel visus de expeditacbe canu existenciu in foresta deceto fiat, quando fieri debet re.gardum, scilt de ?cio anno in terciu annii, & tunc fiat p visum & testimoniu legaliu holm & non ali?, & ille cujus canis inventus fSit tunc non expeditatus, det p miserecordia tres solidos. Et dece?o nullus bos capiatur p expeditacione. Talis autem [fiat6] expeditacio p assisam comuni? [usitatam,7] qd tres [ortelli'] abscidant' sine pelota de pede anteriori. Nec expeditent' canes dece?o, nisi in iocis ubi consueverut expeditari, tempore pÕme coronacionis pdei Regis Henrici Avi nri. Nullus Forestarius vel bedellus dece?o faciat scotallas vel colligat garbas, vel avenam, vi bladum aliquod, vel agnos, vel [porcellos,9] nec aliquam colleftam faciat, et p visum & saefm duodecim [regardato£,'¡] quando facient regardum, tot Forestarii ponant' ad forestas custodiendas, quot ad illas custodiendas racionabili? viderint suffice. Nullum [Swainimotum "] dece?o teneat' in regno nro, nisi ter in anno, vidett in pAcipio quindecim diep ante festum Sci Michis, quando agistatores nri coveniunt, ad agistand drlicos boscos nros, & circa festum Sci Martini, quando agistatores nn debent recipe pannagiu nrm, et ad ista duo [Swainimota'*] conveniant forestarii, (,3) & agistatores & [non14] alii p districcbem, et ?cium [Swainimotu "] teneat' in inicio quindecim diep ante festum S5i Johis Bapte p feonacione bestia^ nrap, & ad illud [Swainimotu "] tenendu, conveniant forestarii, viridarii,

¥ f3int

J Regardores 10 Regardoji

4 ppsturis

* essartis

6 ait

Õ deeit.

Ò Swanimotum

11 Swanimota

4 vt ppstura sine licencia nra i illis fecW, vt essartum, 8 ortilli * purcellos

,f Viridarii, .< nfti


Carta be IForesta

XXVIII. EDWARDI, I.

& non alii p districcoem. Pretea singtis quadraginta dieby p totum annu, conveniant forestarii & viridarii, ad [vidend'] attachiamenta de Foresta tam de viridi qÔ de venac&e p p'sentacbem forestariop ipop, & coram ipis attachiatis. Predi&a autem [Swainimota *] non teneant' nisi in Comitatibj in quibj teneri consueverut. Unusquisq^ liber homo agistet boscum suu (') in Foresta p voluntate sua, & heat pannagiO suu. Concedimus eciam qd unusquisqs liber homo du8e possit porcos suos p diiicum boscum nrm, libe & sine impediment ad agistand eos in boscis suis pp'is, vel alibi, ubi voluit, et si porci alicujus liberi hominis, una node pno&avW in foresta nra, non inde occbnet', unde aliquid de suo pdat. Nullus dece?o amittat vitam vel membra p venacione nra, set si quis captus fait, & con- vidus de capcione venacionis, g*vi? redimat', si heat unde redimi possit, si autem no heat unde redimi possit, jaceat in p'sona nra p unu annu & unu diem, et si post unu annu & unu diem plegios invenire possit, exeat de p'sona, sin autem, abjuret regnu Angt. Quicumq, Archiepus, Epus, Comes vel Baro veniens ad nos, ad mandatum nrm, t*nsierit p forestam nram, liceat ei cape unam bestiam, vel duas, p visu forestarii si fPsens fSit, sin autem, facial cornari, ne videat' furtive hoc fac*e. Idem liceat eis in redeundo fac?e sicut jPdcrn est. Unusquisqs liber homo dece?o sine occ6ne faciat in bosco suo, vel in terra sua quam het in foresta molendinu, vivariu, stagnu, marleram, fossatum, vel terram arabilem ext* cooptum in terra arabili, ita qd non sit ad nocumentu alicujus vicini. Unusquisq, liber homo heat in boscis suis aereas ancipitrum, espvariop, falconu, aquilap, & [heironu,4] heat simili? mel quod invetum fSit in boscis suis. Nullus forestarius decePo, qui no sit forestarius de feodo firmam nob reddens p balliva sua, capiat [chiminagius] aliquod in balliva sua. Forestarius autem de feodo, firmam nob reddens p balliva sua capiat [chiminagiu,1] videit p caretta p dimidiu annu duos denar & p aliu dimid annu, duos denar, (6) p equo qui portat sumagiu p dimidiu annu, obolu, & p aliu dimidiu annu, obolum, & non, nisi de illis qui de ext* baftiain suam tanq* ficatores veniut p licen- ciam suam, in ballivam suam, ad buscam, [maeremiu,Õ] corticem vel carbonem emend & alias ducend ad vendend ubi voluerint, et de nulla alia caretta vel summagio aliquo [chiminagiuJ] capiat'. Et non capiat' [chiminagiu,1] nisi in locis in quib3 antiquitus capi solebat & debuit. Illi autem qui portant sup dorsum suu buscam, corticem vel carbonem, ad vendend, q*mvis inde vivant, nullum decePo dent [chiminagiu.1] Omes utlagati p foresta [nra*] tm a tempore Regis Henrici Avi nri usqs ad p'mam coronacoem nram, veniant ad pacem nram sine impedimento & salvos plegios inveniant, qd decePo non forisfacient nob de foresta nra. Nullus [Constabularius,9] Castellanus [vel alius,'Ò] teneat placita de foresta, sive de viridi, sive de venacone, set quilibet forestarius de feodo attachiet placita de foresta, tam de viridi qÔ de venacoe, & ea p'sentet viridariis pvbciaji & cum [irrotulata"] fSint, & sub sigitt viridarioji inclusa, p'sentent' capitali forestario nfo cu in ptes illas venerit, ad tenend placita foreste, A coram eo Pminent'. Has autem libtates de forestis, concessimus ofnib3, salvis Archiepis, Epis, Abbatib3, Priorib3, Comitib3, Baronib3, Militib3, & aliis tam psonis eccliasticis, ql secularib3, Templariis & [Hospitelariis,Ó] libtatib3 & liberis consuetudinib3, in forestis & ext* in wa- rennis, & aliis, quas p'us huerunt. Omes autem istas consuetudines p>dcas & libtates, quas concessimus in regno nro tenendas q*ntum ad nos ptinet erga nros; omes de regno nro, [tam ciici qÔ laici,J] observent, q*ntum ad se ptinet erga suos. Pro hac [autem '*] concessione & donacione libtatum is tap, & aliap libtatum contentap in majori carta nra de aliis libtatib3 ; Archiepi, Epi, Abbates, Priores, Comites, Barones, Milites, libere tenentes & omes de regno nro dederut nob quintaindecimam ptem oniiu mobiliu suop. Concessim9 (,J) eisdem p nob & heredib3 nfis, qd nec nos, nec heredes nri, aliquid pquirem9, p quod libtates in hac carta contente infringant' vel infirmentur, et si ab ahquo aliquid cont* hoc pquisitum f8it, nichil valeat, & p nullo heatur. Hiis testibj, dno S. Cantuar Archiepo, [S. London Epo,16] J. Bathori, P. Wynton, H. Lincoln, R. Sap, B. Roff, W. Wygorii, J. Elien, H. Hereforden, R. Cicestreii, W. Exon, Epis ; Abbe Sfi Edmundi, Abbe SS Albani, AlS>e de Bello, Abbe Sci Augustini Cantuar, Abbe de Evesham, Abbe de Westm, Abbe de Burgo Sci Petri, Abbe de Redyng, Abbe de Abyndoii, Abbe de Malmesbury, Abbe de Wynchecumbe, Abbe de Hida, Abbe de Certeseye, Abbe de Shireburn, Abbe de Ceme, Abbe de Abbotesbir, Abbe de Mid- deltoii, Abbe de Seleby, Abbe de Whiteby, Abbate de Cirencestf; H. de Burgo Justic, R. Comite

1 faciendu Ô Sc

" inrotulata

* Swanimota i meremiu,

11 Hospitalariis

3 que ht 4 de heyrinis, et 3 cheminagiu

8 deal. 9 deist. IO desunt.

13 desunt. 14 igr " eciam 16 E. London,


Carta fie forest*

XXvm. EDWARD I, I.

Cestr & Lincoln, W. Comite Sap, W. Comite Warenn, G. de Clare Comite Gloucest? & Hertford, W. de Ferrariis Comite Derb, W. de Maundevill Comite Essex, H. le Bygod Comite Norff, W. Comite Aubermart, H. Comite Hereford, Johe Constabula? Cestr, Robto de Ros, Robto filio Wal?i, Robto de VePi Ponte, Wittmo Bygewerr, Rico de Muntfichet, Petro filio Herbti, Matho filio Herbd, Wittmo de Albiniaco, Robto [Gret,1] Reginaldo de Breus, Johe de Monemue, Johe filio Alani, Hugone de Mortuo mari, Wal?o de Bello Campo, Wittmo de S?o Johe, Petro de Malo lacu, Briano de Insula, Thoma de Multoii, Rico de Argenteym, Galffo de Nevitt, Wittmo Maudut, & Johe Baiun aliis.*] Dat apud Westffi undecimo die Februar anno regni nri nono. Nos autem donaciones & concessiones pdcas ratas hentes & g*tas, eas p nob & heredibj nris, concedim9 & confirmam9, easq^ tenore jPsenciu innovam9. Volentes & concedentes p nob & heredib3 nris, qd carta pdca, in omib3 & singulis suis articulis imppetuu firmi? & inviolabili? observet', eciam si aliqui articuli in eadem carti con.tend hucusq, forsitan no fSint observad. Hiis testily, veSabiliby p?ib3 R. Cantuar Archiepo, tocius Angt primate, A. Dunetm Epo, R. London, R Elien, T. Exon, W. Covent? & Lych, S. Sap, J. Roff & J. Landaveii Epis, J. Lincoln Etco; Johe de Warenna Comite Surr, Thoma Comite Lancastr, Rogo Ie Bygod Comite Norff & Marescallo Angt, Hen? de Lacy Comite Lincoln, Rado de Monte Hermeri Comite Gloucestr & Hertford, Humfrido de Bohun Comite Hereford & Essex, Guidone de Bello campo Comite War?, Rico filio Alani Comite Arundett, Reginaldo de Grey, Johe de Hasdng, Hen? de Percy, Hugone le DespenS, Hugone de Veer, Robto de Tateshale, Hugone Bardolf, Hugone de Curtenay, Johe de Seg*ve, Hen? de Grey, Wittmo de Ros de Helmesleye, Alano la Zousche, Robto deTony, Robto de Monte Alto, Witto de Brewos, Thoma de Fumivall, Johe Engaigne, Petro Corbet, Wittmo de Leyburn, Witto le Latimer, Waltero de Bello Campo Senescallo Hospicii n?i, Wal?o de HunPcumbe, & aliis. Da! p manu n?am apud Westm vicesimo oftavo die Marcii, anno &c. vicesimo oftavo.

1 Grest 1 daunt.

Cam Confirmattonts

REGIS EDWARDI, I.

XJV DIE F£BRUARII, ANNO REGNI XXIX. A.D.MCCC-I.

TT'DWARDUS dei g?a Rex Angt Dominus Hibn & Dux Aquitann, omnib3 ad quos presentes litre pveSint sattm. Sciatis qd cum nos magnam cartam dni H. quondam Regis Angt patris nostri de libertatib3 Anglie una cum Carta de Foresta concesserimus &t confirmaverimus, ac innova- verimus per cartam nostram, pcepimusq^ qd Carte ille in singulis suis articulis teneantur & firmiter observentur ; Volumus & concedimus p nobis & heredibus nostris qd si que statuta fuerint contraria didis Cartis, vel alicui articulo in eisdem Cartis contento, ea de cbmuni consilio regni nostri modo debito emendentur, vel eciam adnullentur. In cujus rei testimonium has litteras nostras fieri fecimus patentes. Teste meipo apud Lincolniam, quarto decimo die Februarii, Anno Regni nostri vicesimo nono.

Cnfi of %\)t Charters.

II.

III.

Cl)t Statutes!

MADE IN THE REIGNS OF

HENRY III. EDWARD I.

EDWARD

EDWARD

Stings of CnglanD.

PRECEDED BY

A CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE.


1.11


CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE

OF

STATUTES, &c.

CONTAINED IN THIS VOLUME.

Where the Latin or French Title or Description of any Instrument is printed in Italic Letter, it is to be understood that the Instrument is not inserted in any former pr inted Colleflion of the Statutes : Where the English Title or Description is so printed, the whole Translation is new.ÑN. shews that the Instrument is inserted in the Notes.

The Column marked Printed Editions, refers to the earliest in which each Instrument first appeared.ÑVet. Stat. signifies the Edition of the Vetera Statuta by Pynson 1508, &c.Ñ2 Vet. Stat. Ò Secunda Pars Veterum Statutorum,Ó printed by Berthelet 1532, &c.ÑTott. The Editions of the Antiqua Statuta by Tottell.ÑNova Statuta, the Edition printed by Maclinia 1482, and reprinted by Pynson 1497.

DATE.

Language of the

RECORDS and MANUSCRIPT AUTHORITIES

Printed

Page of this Colleftion

A.D.

KingÕs Reign.

Original

Instrument.

For the Instrument.

For the various Readings.

Editions.

Hen. 111.") An. 20. J

Provisiones de Merton. - *1 The Provisions of Merton. - -J

Latin

f MS. Cott. 1 \ Claudius D. II. j

Rot. Claus. 20 H. J. Ô Rot. Pat. 21 H. 3.

Lib. Scacc.Westm. X. Rot. Bodl.

MS. Colt. XVI.

MSS. Harl. 395,

493¥ A, 746. 5022. MS. Reg.i 5A.XXXI. J

Vet, Stat.

I

Breve de Nova Constitutione. N.

Latin

Hot. Claus. 20H.III.

......................

Ñ

4

De Provisione novorum Brevium. N.

Latin

Hot. Pat. 21 H.II1.

......................

Ñ

4

Statutum Hibemie de Coheredibus. - T The Statute of Ireland concerning Coparceners. J

Latin

Hot. Claus. 20 H. III.

......................

Vet. Stat.

5

'*53-

An. 37-|

Sententia Excommunicationis -\ lata in Transgressores Cartarura. - 1

The Sentence of Curse given by the Bishops, j against the Breakers of the Charters. - J

Latin

f Lib.Rub.Scacc. I [ Westm. J

Exemplif. WellensÕ.

Tott. 1556.

6

Protestatio Regis et Magnatum. N.

Latin

Hot. Pat. 37 H. III.

Ñ

7

1256.

An. 40.

Provisio de Anno Bissextili & Die. - - .) A Provision for the Day in Leap Year. - J

Latin

f Lib.Rub.Scacc. } Westm. J

Lib. Scacc. Westm.X. 1 MS. Cott. Claud. D.1I. j

Vet. Stat.

7

1259.

An. 43.

De Provisionibus 'j faftis per Regem & Consilium suum. - v

Provisions made by the King and his Council. J

Latin

Hot.Claus. 44H.III.

Rot Pat. 47 H. 111.

f Hawkins { Appendix.

}*

1266

1267.

Dictum de Kenilworth. - - The Award made between the King and his > Commons at Kenilworth. - - J

Explanacio Difli de Kenillworthe. N.

Latin

Latin

i MS. Cott. j j Claud. D. II. "j

Lib. Horn, London ( Lib.Nig.xEd.Ch Dub. \ MS. Rawlinson. 277. J MS. Harl. 1033. J MS. Cott. XXV. (

2 Vet. Stat.

12

18

Addicio Difli de Kenillworthe. N. -

Latin

MS. Cott. XXV.

MS. Harl. 1033.

Ñ

ib.

1267.

An. 52.

Statutum de Marleberge. - * 1 The Statute of Marlborough. - * J

Latin

f Lib.Rub.Scacc. \ [ Westm. J

Rot. Claus. 44 H.III.-i Rot. Pat. 47 H. III. Lib. Scacc.Westm. X. | Rot. Bodl.

MS. Cott.Claud. D.II. MS. Rawbnfon. 277. MSS. HarL 493, A. $022.

Vet. Stat.

>9

a


( ii )

date.

a.d.

U75.

1375-6

1278.

K>ng'È Reign.

f Edw. I. l An-3-J

Title or Description of the Instrument.

An. 4.

An. 6.

I279*

1281.

1383.

1284.

An. 7.

An. 9. An. 11.

An. 12.(

1285.

An. 13.

1289, j

1290. /

An. 18.

Les premers Estatuz de Westmuster. The Statutes of Westminster; the Firft.

De Statutis Legendis & proclamandis. N.

Officium Coronatoris.

The Office of the Coroner.

Statutum de Bigamis. The Statute of Bigamy.

Statutum de JustiC assign quod vocaturRageman. "j

A Statute concerning Justices being assigned, V called Rageman. J

Statuta Gloucestr. - - - ->

The Statutes of Gloucester. - - J

Explanaciones Stat Glouc.

Exposition of the Statutes of Gloucester.

Statutum de Viris Religiosis.

The Statute for Religious Men.

Articulus Statuti Glouc.

An Article of the Statute of Gloucester.

Statutum de Mercatoribus.

The Statute of Merchants.

Statuta Wallie.

The Statutes of Wales.

Provisiones fafte in Scaccario.

Provisions made in the Exchequer.

Statuta Regis Edwardi edita apud Westmon in Parliamento suo Pascft Anno Regni su Tercio decimo.

Statutes of King Edward made at Westminster, in his Parliament at Easter, in the Thirteenth Year of his Reign. ...

Statutum Wynton.

The Statute of Winchester.

Statutum Mercatorum.

The Statute of Merchants.

Statutum Circumspe&e Agatis.

The Statute of Circumspedte Agatis.

Statuta Civitatis London.

Statutes for the City of London.

Forma Confirmationis Cartarum.

The Form of Confirmation of Charters.

Statutum domini Regis de terns vendendis^ & emendis.

A Statute of our Lord the King concerning f the selling and buying of Land.

*72?

Original

Instrument.

French

Latin

Latin

Latin

French

French

Latin

Latin

French

French

Latin

Latin

Latin & \ French J

French

French

Latin

French

Latin

Latin

RECORDS and MANUSCRIPT AUTHORITIES.

For the Instrument.

f Lib.Rub.Scacc. 1 I Dublin. J

Rot. Pat. 3 E. I. MS. Harl. 667.

MS. Harl. 395.

MS. Harl. 395.

{Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. > m. 47. J

Regist. A. Westm. Rot. Stat. m. 47.

Rot. Claus. 9 E. II. Rot. Stat. m. 46. j Rot.inTur.Lond. Rot. Claus. 12 E. I.

Rot. Stat. m. 46, 45>44>43È*2-

Lib. Scacc. Westm. X. Lib. Horn, London.

Lib. Nig. Aid. Ch. Dub. 1 Rot. Bodl. (

MS. Cott. Claud. D.II. MS. Rawlinfon. 230. -

Lib. Horn, Lond.

MS. Cott. Vesp. B. VII.

Lib. Horn, Lond.

Rot. Bodl.

MS. Cott. Claud.D.II. . MSS. Harl. 667, 936, '

MS. Lambeth. 350. -

MS Cott.Vesp.B. VII. 1 MS. Harl. 667. f

Lib. Horn, Lond.

Reg. A. Westm.

Lib. Nig. j£d. Chr.

Dublin.

Rot. Bodl.

M S. Cott. Claud.D. II.

------- VeÇp. B. VII.

MS. Rawlmton 230. MSS. Harl. 493, A. 867,1690.

f Lib. Scacc. X.

I Rot. Bodl.

Rot. Stat. m. 41.

f MS. Cott.

| Claudius D. II. }

f Rot. Stat. 7 | m.42,inCedula. J

Rot. Claus. 13 E. I.

Rot. Pari. 18 E. I.

For the variou* Reading*.

Rot. Pat. 7 E. I. Rot. Claus. 7 E Rot. Bodl.

MS. Cott. Claud,

"t }

Lib. Horn, London.

Rot. Clau*. 11 E.I. 1

Lib. Scacc. Westm. X. /

Rot. in Dom. Capit. \ Westm. J

Lib. Scacc. WeÈtm.X.7 MS.Cott.Vesp.B.VII. J

Regi*t. A. Westm.

Lib. Rub. Scacc.

Dublin.

Lib.Horu,7 Lib. Cust. J Rot. Bodl.

MS. Rawlinson, 230. MSS.Cott.Claud.iJ.il. XVI.

MS. Reg. 20 A.VIII. MSS. Harl. 79, 3824, 3022, 5044, 5J16. ,

London.

Rot. Clau*. c Ric II. ' Rot. Scacc. WeÈtm. Lib. Scacc.Wettm. X. Lib. Horn, London. Rot. Bodl.

Regist. A. Westm.

Rot. Stat. m. 46 d. aSan. \

Rot. Bodl.

MSS. Harl. 395, 667

.}

Rot. Claus. 18 E. I. Vetus Codex in Turr. Lond.

Printed

Edition*.

Vet. Stat.

Vet. Stat.

Vet. Stat.

2 Vet. Stat.

Vet. Stat. 2 Vet. Stat.

Vet. Stat.

Vet. Stat. 2 Vet. Stat. 2 Vet. Stat. 2 Vet. Stat. 2 Vet. Stat.

Vet. Stat.

Vet. Stat.

Vet. Stat.

Vet. Stat. Hawkins.

P.ge

of this Collection

Vet. Stat.

16

39

40

4*

44

}Ç

jo

J'

J1

S3

SJ

69

7'

96

j Hawkins 1104 ( Appendix. J

10!

101

106

Gojgl

e

DATt

Titlx or Dkscriptioh of the Instrument.

Language

of the

RECORDS and MANUSCRIPT AUTHORITIES.

Printed

Page

A.D-

King* Rrign-

Original

Instrument-

For the Instrument.

Por the variom Reading*.

Edition*.

of ihii Collection.

1389,?

119¡-)

Edw.I. An. 18. (continued.)

Statutum de Quo Warranto. - - ^ Statute of Quo Waranto. - .3

Statutum de Quo Waranto Novum. -1 New Statute of Quo Waranto. ¥ - 3

Latin

French

Rot. Pari. 18 E. I. MS.Cott.Claud.D.D.

Vetu* Codex.

Vet. Stat. 2 Vet. Stat.

107

n.

Statutum de Coiuultatione. - .1 Statute of the Writ of Consultation. . 3

Latin

Rot. Pari. 18 E. I.

Vetua Codex.

Vet. Stat.

108

1391-3.

An. so.

De Presentibus vocatis ad Warantum. - f OfPerfons vouched toWarranty who are present. 3

Latin

Rot. Pari. 20 E. I.

Vetu* Codex.

Vet. Stat.

108

Statutum de Vasto. - - - ^ Statute of Waste. - - - 3

Latin

Rot. Pari. 20 E. I.

Vetu* Codex.

Vet. Stat.

I09

Statutum de Defensione Juris. . - -j Statute of defending Right. - - j

Latin

Rot. Pari. 20 E.I.

Vetu* Codex.

Vet. Stat.

I 10

De brevi de Inquisicione concedenda de terris \ ad manum mortuam ponend. - - I Statute of Writs for making Inquisition of [ Lands to be put iu Mortmain. ¥ - \ De Inquisitionibus non allocandis de terris [ ponendis ad mortuam manum. - - X Statute of amortising Lands. - - )

Latin

Rot. Pari. 20 E. I.

Vetu* Codex.

2 Vet. Stat.

11 I

'*93-

An. 21.

Statutum de Malefaftoribus in Parcis. -1 Statute of Trespassers in Parks. - - J

Latin

Rot.Pari. 21 E.I.

Vetus Codex.

Vet. Stat.

I I 1

Statutum de Justiciariis Aflignatis. - - t Statute of the Justices of Assise. - -J

Latin

Rot.Pari. 21 E.I.

Vetu* Codex.

Vet. Stat.

112

1194.

An. 22.

Statutum de illis qui debent poni in Juratis Assisis. ¥ ¥ - C Statute of Persons to be put in Assises and Juries, j

Latin

Rot. Stat. jr. 41.

f Rot. Pari. 7 |Vetus Codex. J

Vet. Stat.

lI3

1295.

An. 23.

Statutum de Frangentibus Prisonam. -1 Statute of breaking Prisons. - - J

Latin

Rot. Pari. 23 E. I.

Vetu* Codex.

Vet. Stat.

"3

1197.

An. 25.

Magna Carta de Libertatibus Anglie, & de > Libertatibus Foreste; confirmata a Rege / Edwardo ; anno regni sui xxv'0. - 1

The Great Charter of the Liberties of England / and of the Liberties of the Forest; confirmed 1 by King Edward ; in the Twenty-fifth Year of \ his Reign. - - - J

Latins and > French j

Rot. Stat f m. 40, 39, 38. 1

Cart* in Archivi* ) LondonÕ & DunelmÕ. J

Vet. Stat.

k

fn 4

1 10

1.124

De Interpretatione Clausule entente in Libertatibus. N.

Latin

Rot. Claus. 18 H.III.

........................

Ñ

118

Pardon to H. de Bohun and others.

French

Rot. Stat. tn. 38.

.........................

Hawk.

124

Statutum de Tallagio. - - "l Statute concerning Tallage. - - J

Latin |

MS. 377. in Coll. Corp.Chris tiCan tab.

( MS. Rawl. *76. \ 5 MS. Cott. XXV. j

2 Vet. Stat.

125

Sententia lata super Confirmatione Cartarum. *\ The Sentence of the Clergy given on the > Confirmation of the Charters. - - J

French

MS. Harl 667.

2 Vet. Stat.

126

,a99-

An. 27.

Statutum de Finibus levatis. - - 3 Statute of Fines levied. - -J

Latin

Rot. Stat. m. 37.

Cart. CottonÕ VII. II.

Vet. Stat.

126

Ordinatio de Libertatibus perquirendis. -1 Ordinance of purchasing Liberties. * J

French

Rot. Claus. 27 E. I.

........................

Vet. Stat.

*3*

Statutum de falsa Moneta. * * J Statute concerning False Money. - - J

French

Rot. Stat. m. 37,36.

Hawk.

*3*

1300.

An. 28.

Articuli super Cartas. - * -1 Articles upon the Charters. - - J

French

Rot. Stat. tn. 35.

........................

Vet. Stat.

136

Statutum de Appellatis. - - ¥ Statute for Persons appealed. ¥ - J

Latin

Rot. Pari. 28 E. I.

Vetus Codex. I MS.Cott.Claud. D. II. j

Vet. Stat.

141

'300-1.

An. 29.

Statutum de Escaetoribus. - - 7 Statute for Escheators. - - * J

Latin

Rot. Stat. m. 35 d.

Rot.Pari. 16-30 E.I. ? Vetu* Codex. f

Vet. Stat.

143

'3¡5-

An. 33-

Ordinatio de Inquisitionibus. * * 1 Ordinance for Inquests. * . * J

Latin

( Vetus Codex. J in Turr.Lond. J

MS. Cot. Ve*p. B.VII.

Vet. Stat.

*43

Ordinatio Foreste. ¥ 1 Ordinance of the Forest. * * J

French

Vetus Codex.

Rot. Clau*. 33 E. I.

Vet. Stat.

144

¥ K


IV

DATE.

Title or Description of the Instrument.

Language Of the Original Instrument.

A. D.

King's Reign.

I3¡5-

Edw.I. An. 33. ((continued.)

Ordinacio de Conspiratoribus. - * 1 Ordinance concerning Confpirators. * ¥ J

French

'3¡6*

An. 34.

Statutum de conjun&im Feoffatis. - - ? Statute of Joint-tenants. - - 5

Latin

Ordinatio Foreste. - * * \ Ordinance of the Forest. . " - J

Latin

1306-7.

An. 35.

Statutum Karlioli. * - -1 Statute of Carlisle. - * * J

Latin

>3C9-

Edw.II. An. 2.

De Prisis injust non capiend a Viris

Ecclesiasticis seu aliis. - * - 1

Latin

Of the net taking undue Prises from |

Ecclesiastical Persons or others. J

1309.

An. 3.

Statutum apud Staunford. - -1 Statute of Stamford. - - - J

French

*31 *¥

An. 5.

Les Noveles Ordenances, faites a Lundres,

lan du regne nostre Seigneur Rei Edward, 1 fir. le Rei Edward Sguynt. (

French |

The New Ordinances made at London, in the C

Fifth Tear of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord 1 King Edward, the Son of King Edward.

Formajuramenti RegisAngl. in Coronatione sua. ^

Latin & "1 French J

I3I3-

An. 7.

Quod nullusmolestetur pro morte Petri Gavaston. 'j

That none be molested for the Death of >

French

Piers Gavaston. - - -J

Quod nullus imprisonetur pro morte P. de'Gavaston N.

French

Ne quis occasionetur pro reditu P. de Gavaston That none be molested for the Return of P. de?

French

Gavaston. * ¥* - J

Ç3i5*l

t3>6.j

Statutum super Aportamento Armorum. -") Statute forbidding bearing of Armour. .> J

French

An. 9.

Articuli Cleri. - - -1 Articles for the Clergy. - . - J

Statutum Lincoln ; de Vicecomitibus. - "1 Statute of Sheriffs. - - . j

Latin

French

>316.

An. 10.

De Statuto pro Clero inviolabiliter observando.")

Of inviolably observing the Statute for the Clergy. J

Latin

1318>

An. 12.

Statutum Eboraf. - . - "i Statute of York. - - -J

French

1321.

An. 14.

Statutum Wes tin iiij. - - ¥ "l Statute of Westminster, the Fourth. - J

French

1321?

13225

An. 15.

Exilium Hugonis le Despenser Patris & filii. . "I The Exile of Hugh le Despenser Father and Son. J

French

A Statute revoking the Pardon granted to the "1 Pursuers of the Despensers - - J

Forma Cartarum prosequentibus H. le Despenser 9

French

French

patrem & filium concessarum. - 5

Revocatio Novarum Ordinationum. . Revocation of the New Ordinances. - - J

French

¥323*4

An. 16.

Statutum de forma mittendi Extradlas ad Scaccarium. - - . 1 Statute for Estreats of the Exchequer. - J

French

'323-4

An. 17.

Ordinatio de Statu terre Hibernie fafta. Ordinance made for the State of the Land >

French

of Ireland. - - .J

De Articulis in difla Ordinatione publicandis. N. Statutum de Terris Templariorum. . - t Statute concerning the Lands of the Templars. J De Concordia Ordinatione & Statuto pro Hos pit alarÕ'i

Latin

Latin

Latin

faflis cudiendis. N.

RECORDS and MANUSCRIPT AUTHORITIES.

For the Instrument.

For the Tirioui Readings.

Vetus Codex.

.........................

Rot. Stat. m. 34.

..........................

Rof. Stat. m. 34.

.........................

Rot. Stat. m. 33.

Vetus Codex \ Exemplif. pro Scot. J

Rot. Stat. m. 33.

..........................

f Rot. Stat. J l m. 33. in Ced. J

Rot. Claus. 3 E. II.

Cart. Cotton: 1 43 D- >8- J

Rot. Claus. tE. II. " Rot. Pat. 4 E. II. Rot.Ord.inTurr.Lond. Rot. in Eccl. Cath.

CantuarensÕ. K. 11. MS.Cott. Claud. D. II..

Rot. Cantuarens K. 11.

Rot. Claus. 1 E.II.

Rot. Pat. 7 Ed. II.

Rot. Pat. 7 E. II.

Rot. Pat. 7 E. II.

Rot. Rat. 7 E. II.

- . 1 *

Rot. Stat. m. 34 d.

Rot. Pat. 10 E. II.

Rot. Stat. m. 32.

- - - * -

Rot. Stat. m. 33 d.

Rot. Pat. 10 E. II. 1 Exemplif. WellensÕ. J

Rot. Stat. m. 32.

..........................

Rot. Stat. m. 33 d.

..........................

Rot. Claus. 15 E. II.

Rot. Stat. m. 32 d.

.....

Rot. Pat. 13 E. II.

..........................

Rot. Stat. m. 31.

Rot. Stat. m. 30 d.

MS. Harl. joaa.

Rot. Stat. m. 30.

Rot. Pat. 17 E. II.

Rot. Pat. 17 E. II.

..........................

Rot. Stat. m. 31 d.

..........................

Rot. Claus. 17 E.II.

..........................

Printed

Editions.

Vet. Stat. Vet. Stat.

2 Vet. Stat.

2 Vet. Stat.

Hawk.

Hawk.

Tott.

2 Vet. Sat.

2 Vet. Stat.

2 Vet. Stat. Vet. Stat. Vet. Stat. a Vet. Sat. Vet. Sat. Vet. Stat.

2 Vet. Stat.

Hawk.

2 Vet. Stat. Hawk.

a Vet. Sat.

2 Vet. Sat.

2 Vet. Sat.

Gofi gJe

( V )

Chronological Table of Statutes, &c. contained in this Volume.

Pnaa

Title or Dedcription of the Instrumkkt.

Language

RECORDS snd MANUSCRIPT AUTHORITIES.

Printed

Page

of the Original

Editions.

of this

Instrument.

For the Instrument.

For the variout Reading..

Collection.

H

STATUTES df Hen.III: Ed#. I.

or Edw.II. of uncertain

Les Estatuz del Eschekere. - . "i Statutes of the Exchequer. - . J Assisa Panis et Cervisie. . . . 1

French

Lib.Scacc.Westm.X.

MS.Cott. Claud. D.II. 1 MS. Raw!. 230.

Vet. Stat.

197

*Vain

The Assise of Bread and Ale. - J

Latin

MS.Cott.Claud.D.II.

Rot. Pat. a Ric. II. 1 Lib. Horn. Lond. J

Vet. Stat.

199

Date.

Judicium Pillorie. - . - T

) JVa.su

1

The Judgement of the Pillory. - .J

Latin

MS.Cott.Claud.D.11.

Vet. Stat.

201

Statutum de Pistoribus, &c. ¥ . .> Statute concerning Bakers, &c. - - J

Latin

Lib. Horn. London.

MtS Cott. Claud. D. II.

Vet. Stat.

202

Hwl

Assisa de Ponderibus et Mensuris. - -

Lib. Horn. Lond.

The Assise of Weights and Measures. *5

Latin

MS. Cott. Claud. D. II.

Vet. Stat.

204

HjÈL

De Divisione Denariorum.

Latin

........................

........................

Ñ

204

1

Statutum de Admensuratione Terre. . 7 Statute for the Measuring of Land. -- - J

Latin

Lib. Horn. Lond.

Vet. Stat.

206

1"

1

Compositio Ulnarum & Perticarum. -1 Computation of Yards and Perches. - J

Dies Communes de Banco.

General Days in Bank. 1

Latin

Latin

* 4 . . ¥

Lib. Horn. Lond.

........................

3 Vet. Stat.

206

Too.

MS. Cott. Claud. D. II.

Vet. Stat.

208

Dies Communes de Dote - * 1 General Days in Dower.

jVftk

Prohibitio formata de Statuto Articuli Cleri. - ¥> Prohibition made upon the Articles of the Clergy. J

Latin

A A A a m

2 Vet. Stat.

209

jVak

1

Les Estatuz de Excestre. ¥ - - 7 Statutes of Exeter. - - -5

French

Lib.Scacc. W estm.X.

MS. Cott. Claud. D.II. 1 MS. Harl. 395. J

2 Vet. Stat.

210

1

Statutum super Vicecomitem & Clericos suos. 1 Statute concerning the Sheriff and his Clerks. - J

Latin

Lib. Horn. Lond.

........................

Tott.

213

iVak

Va.Sn

Modus levandi Fines. * - -7 The Manner of levying of Fines. - - 5

Statutum de Finibus & Attomatis. - -1

French

MS.Cott.Claud.D.11.

MS. Lansdowne, 480.

Vet. Stat.

214

Va.k

Statute concerning Fines and Attomie?. - J

Latin

Lib. Horn. London.

MS.Cott.Claud.D.II.7 MS. Bodl.4137. j

Vet. Stat.

215

Statutum de Conspiratoribus. ¥ - f

French

| MS. Harl. 748.

MS.Cott.ClaudD.il.'> MS. Bibl. Cantabr. >

Vet. Stat.

216

l jVaSs

Statute concerning Conspirators. - - 1

Latin

M. m. v.19. J

Vet. Sot

Statutum de Proteftionibus non allocandis. -1

French

Lib. Horn. Lond.

MS. Cott. Claud. D. II.

Vet. Stat.

217

Statute against allowing Proteftions. - j

VaS*

1

Modus calumpniandi Essoii. ¥ -1

Latin

MS. Harl. 395.

MS.Cott.CUud. D.II. \

Vet. Stat.

317

aVÇ.fc

The Manner of challenging Essoins. ¥ J Statutum de Visu Terre, & Essonio de servitio'j

Lib. Horn. Lond. i

domini Regis. - - - (

Latin

MS. Lansd. 480.

m m m a ¥

2 Vet. Stat.

318

Had

i

Statute for View of Land, and Essoin in the j

KingÕs Service. -

iVtt.Sn

I

Statutum de Magnis Assisis et Duellis. -1 Statute concerning the Great Assises and Battle. J

French

f MS. Cott. J ( Vesp. B. VII. J

MS. Lansd. 480.

Tott. 1576.

218

Had

l

Statuta de Moneta. - -7 Statutes concerning Money. - - J

French & Latin

Lib. Scac. Westm. X. Rot. Claus. 12 E. II.

1 Rot. Pat. is E. II.

J MS.Cott CUud.D.II.

2 Vet. Stat.

219

jVaSdi

1

Statutum de Tencntibus per Legem Anglie. -*j Statute concerning Tenants by the Courtesy of >

Latin

MS. Lansd. 480.

MS. Harl. 867.

2 Vet. Stat.

220

jVet.Sk

England. - - -J

I

Ne Reftor prostemat Arbores in Cemiterio. -'j That the Reft or do not cut down Trees in the /

Latin

.....................

-----

2 Vet. Stat.

221

Church-Yard. . - -J

jVet.Sk

Les Estatutz de la Jeuerie. - * 1

French

Lib.Scacc.Westm.X.

MS. Harl. 400. I Lib. Nig. JEd. Christ. >

2 Vet. Stat.

221

1

The Statutes of Jewry. - * - J

Dublin.Õ J


Title or Description of the Instrument.

Language of the

RECORDS and MANUSCRIPT AUTHORITIES.

Printed

Page

DATE.

Original

Instrument

For the Instrument

For the various Readings.

Editions,

of this

STATUTES

OF UNCERTAIN

Date.

(icontinued.)

Statutum de Gaveleto in London. - -? Statute of Gavelet in London. -

Confuetudines Cantiae. - * ¥? The Customs of Kent. - - * '

Latin

French

Lib. Horn. London. MS. Harl. 667.

Lib. Custum. London.Õ Lib. Alb. LondonÕ.

Lib. Horn. LondonÕ. ) MS. Cott. Claud. D.II. J

Vet. Stat. Tott. 1536.

222

22J

Pro quibusdam bominibus de Com9 Kane, NÈ ¥

Latin

Rot.Claus. 16 H.III.

Ñ

225

Gavilikindeu de Kane. N. È

Latin

Rot. Claus. 17 H. III.

Ñ

a.

Prerogativa Regis. - - * 1 The KingÕs Prerogative. - ¥ - /

Latin

MS.Cott.Claud.D.lI.

MS. Cott XVI. 1 MS. Harl. 947. J

Vet. Stat.

226

Modus faciendi Homagium & Fidelitatem. -1 The Manner of doing Homage and Fealty. - J

French

MS.Cott.Claud.D.II.

MS. Harl. 39J, 867, 7 947- J

Vet. Stat.

227

Statutum de Wardis & Releviis. - - 7 Statute concerning Wards and Relief. . - J

French

MS. Harl. 867.

Lib. Horn. London.Õ MS. Harl. 947.

Vet. Stat.

228

Statutum de respe&u MilitÕ habendo. - O Statute for respiting of Knighthood. * 3

Latin

Lib. Horn. London.

MS. Cott. Claud. D. II.

Vet. Stat.

229 1

De Catallis Felonum. - - -7 Of the Chattels of Felons. - - - J

Latin

f MS. Cott. 7 1 Vesp. B.VII. /

2 Vet. Stat.

230

Statuta Armorum. - - -7 The Statutes of Arms. - - - J

French

MS. Rawl. 277.

Lib. Horn. 7 T , Lib. Custum. J LondÕ

2 Vet. Stat.

230

Statutum de Sacramento Ministrorum Regis. - 7 Statute for Oaths of the KingÕs Officers t in the Eyre. - - - '

Latin

Lib. Horn. Lond.

2 Vet. Stat.

232

Capitula Itineris. - ¥ -1 Articles of the Eyre. - - J

Latin

Lib. Custum Lond.

Lib. Scacc. Westm. X. \ MSS. Harl. 4*9, 667, l 8<57È Ç¡33.

1114. J

Tott. 1556.

533

Capitula Escaetrie. - - -7 Articles of the Office of Esc heat or. - - J

Latin

Tott. 1556.

238

Extenta Manerii. - - -1 For extending or surveying a Manor. . J

Latin

Lib. Horn. Lond.

MS. Cott. Claud. D.II. 7 MS. Harl. 395. j

Vet. Stat.

242

Consuetudines & Assise de Foresta. - -7 The Customs and Assise of the Forest. - J

Latin

MS. Lansd. 480.

2

Vet. Stat.

*43

Articuli Inquisic super Statutum Wynton.

Articles of Inquiry, upon the Statute of > Winchester. - - -J

Latin

MS. Harl. 858.

MSS. Harl. 667. 867, 7 869. nao. J

Vet. Stat.

24J

Visus Franciplegii. . . -7 The View of Frankpledge. - - - j

French

MS.Cott.Claud.D.II.

¥s ¥ ¥

Vet. Stat.

246

Le Serement du Visconte. - . . The Oath of the Sheriff. - . J

French

Rot. Stat. m. 34 d.

f

147

Forma Juramenti illorum de Concilio Regis. - t Form of the Oath of those of the KingÕs Council. - J

French

Rot. Claus. 35 E. 1.

Rot. Claus. 1 E. II.

Tott. J >556 \

248

Juramentum Episcoporum. - . . ¥> The Oath of the Bishops. - - J

French

MS. Harl. 867.

249

Juramentum Escaetorum. - . .È The Oath of Escheators. - . j

French

...

r

B>.

Juramentum Majorum, & Ballivorum. . -È The Oath of Mayors and Bailiffs. - . J

French

...

Tott. ) Ç556 j

Ii.

Abjuratio & Juramentum Latronum. - .È The Abjuration and Oath of Thieves. . j

Latin

1

250

( vii )

Chronological Table of Statutes, &c. contained in this Volume.

N

Ton

) Ta-k .

J

VttSti

!¥ Va.Sa iTa.it iVa.it

lVait

Totijjt

Tottijji | Vet. So. jVeLJat

Vfl.Sm

VaSt1

] ' It* i

[ÔIS1

i

pi

T* I

iji6

date.

Titl* or Description of the Instrument.

Language of the

RECORDS ud MANUSCRIPT AUTHORITIES.

Printed

Page

A.D

King'* Reign-

Original

Instrument.

For the Instrument.

For the Various Readings.

Editions.

of tbit Collection.

[316-7-

Edw.III. An. 1.

Statuta fa£ta apud Wettm in Parliamento Regis Edwardi Tercii post Conquestorem, anno regni sui primo. ...

Statutes made at Westminster; In the Parlia.ment of King Edward, the Third, after the Conqueror; In the First Year of his Reign.

Statute the First. ...

French

Rot. Stat. m. 29.

1 Nova f"

251

Statute the Second.

French

Rot. Stat. m. 29.

f Statuta S

*55

Ijj8.

An. a.

Statutum editum apud Norftt; anno regni Regis ") E. tercii post conquestum Secundo. - / Statute made at Northampton; In the Second \ Year of the Reign of King Edward, the ( Third, after the Conquest. - - )

French

Rot. Stat. m. 28.

.........................

f Nova 1 X Statuta J

È57

133¡-

An. 4.

Statutum editum apud Westm; Anno regni ^ Regis E. tercii post conquestum quarto. - / Statute made at Westminster; In the Fourth > Year of the Reign of King Edward, the 1 Third, after the Conquest. - - )

French

Rot. Stat. m. 27.

....

f Nova 1 \ Statuta j

261

'331-

An. 5.

Statutum editum apud Westm ; Anno regni ] Regis Edwardi tercii post conquestum quinto. / Statute made at Westminster: In the Fifth Year > of the Reign of King Edward, the Third, after \ the Conquest. - - -)

French

Rot. Stat. m. 26.

- . .

f Nova 1 \ Statuta J

265

ÔIIS-

An. 9.

Statute the First. - - ]

Rotut de Statuto edito apud Ebof; Anno regni 1 Regis E. tercii post Conquestum nono. V Roll of the Statute made at York; In the | Ninth Year of the Reign of King Edward, the \ Third, after the Conquest. |

French

Rot. Stat. m. 25.

C Nova 7 l Statuta 3

269

Statute the Second. - - - J

>336-

An. 10.

De diverses Ordinances faites sur la moneye ( pupplier & gardir. - - -) For the publishing and observing of divers \ Ordinances made relating to Money. - )

Statute the First. -

French

French

Rot. Fin. 9 E. III. Rot. Stat. m. 24.

-----

f Nova 1 (_ Statuta J

f Nova 7 | Statuta 3 C Nova ~j

Ç73

275

Statute the Second. [Part of Translation new.~]

French

Rot. Stat. m. 24.

¥r Statuta > (_Hawk. J

276

Statute the Third. - - -

French

Rot. Stat. m. 24 d.

Hawk.

278

I33fi-7-

An. 11.

Statute made at Westminfter.

French

Rot. Stat. m. 24 d-

..........................

280

1340.

An. 14.

Statute the First. - - -

French

Rot. Stat. m. 2 j,22

..........................

I

281

Statute the Second. \_Part of Translation nett;.]

French

Rot. Stat. m. 21.

289

Statute the Third. -

French

Rot. Stat. m. 21.

..........................

V Nova >

292

Statute the Fourth. - *

French

Rot. Stat. m. 20.

..........................

f Statuta '

292

Ç34i-

An. 15.

Statute the First. -

French

Rot. Stat. m. 19.

29 5

Statute the Second. ...

Latin

Rot. Stat. m-19 d.

- - - -

1

297

Statute the Third. -

French

Rot. Stat. m. 19 d.

..........................

J V

297

'343-

An. 17.

De Monoie. - - - - t Of Money. - - - - J

French

Rot. Pari. 17 E. Ill

.........................

Cay.

299

'344-

An. 18.

Statute the First. - - - J

Declaracio fadla in Parliamento tento apud f Westiu. anno xvij. de Exigend. > Declaration made in the Parliament holdenl at Westminster, in the Seventeenth Year;! concerning Exigends - -J

French

Rot. Pari. 18 E. Ill

MS. Cott. Nero C. I.

f Nova 7 ^Statuta 3

299

¥ c


( viH )

DATE

AD.

1344-

1346.

Ç349-

1350-1

*35 Ô-2

King's Reign

Edw. III. An. 18. continued.

An. 20.

An. 23.

An. 25.

Title or Description of the Instrument.

Ordinationes in Parliament, apud Westm anno regni domini E. Regis Anglie & Francie, videh Anglie decimo odavo, & Francie quinto, tento fade.

Ordinances made in the Parliament holden at Westminster, in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord Edward, King of Eng land and of France, to wit of England th Fourteenth, and of France the Fifth.

Statute the Second. Ç

Statute the Third.

Ordinacio super JustiC Regis.

Ordinance concerning the KingÕs Justices.

Sacramentum Justie.

Oath of the Justices.

Oath of the Clerks of Chancery.

De Servientibu8. -

The Statute of Labourers.

Statute the First.

Statutum pro hiis qui nati sunt in partibusl transmarinis : de anno vicesimo quinto \

Regis Edwardi tercii.

Statute for those who are bom in Parts beyond l Sea : Of the Twenty-fifth Year of King Edward the Third. - -

Statuta in Parliamento tento apud Westm, in Odabis Purificacionis beate Marie Virginia ; anno regni domini Edwardi, Regis Anglie & Francie, Angt videlicet, vicesimo quinto, regni vero sui Francie duodecimo.

Statutes in the Parliament holden at Westmin.ster, in the Odave of the Purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary; in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign J.ord Edward, King of England and of France, to wit of England the 25th, and of France the Twelfth.

Statute the Second. -

Statute the Third. - .

Statute the Fourth.

Statutum de Provisoribus.

Statute of Provisors of Benefices.

Statute the Fifth.

Statutum apud Westm, in Parliamento in festo Sci Hillarii, anno regni Regis E. tercii vices-1 imo quinto tento, fadum.

Statute made at Westminster; in the Parlia.ment holden in the Feast of St. Hilary ; In the 25th Year of the Reign of Kine Edward III. . 6 K

Statute the Sixth

Ordinacio pro Clero, fada apud Westm annul repi Regis E. tercii, vicesimo quinto. '

Ordinance for the Clergy; made at Westmin-(

rfkbg,Edªafi,,hYÒof,h'R'ie"

Statute the Seventh.

Statutum de forma levationis Decime-quinte.

Statute of the Form of levying of the Fifteenth.

Language of the Original Instrument-

French

French

French

French

French

Latin

French

French

French

French

French

French

French

RECORDS ind MANUSCRIPT AUTHORITIES.

For the Instrument

Rot. Stat. m. 19 d. Rot. Stat. m. 19.

R0t.Claus.20E.UI.

Rot. Claus. 20 E. III. MS. Harl. 3652.

Rot. Claus. 23E.ni.

MS. Harl. 3105, 4871 \ MS.Cott.App. XVI. J

MS. Reg. 19 A. XIV.

Rot. Stat. m. 19.

Rot. Stat. m. 18. Rot. Stat. m. 18,17,

Rot. Stat. m. 17.

Rot. Stat. m. 16,15.

Rot. Stat. m. 16 d.

MS.Cott. Nero C. I,

For the Various Readings

Rot. Pari, ay E. III.

Rot. Pari. Rot. Pari.

Rot. Pari.

Rot. Pari,

Printed

Editions-

Psge

of this Collection

Nova

Statuta

300

301

3¡3

3<>S

306

3<>7

f Nova l Statuta

310

Nova

Statuta

3"

3H

316

f Nova | Statuta

3*9

3*4

Nova

Statuta

( ix )

Chronological Table of Statutes, &c. contained in this Volume.

date.

A-D-

King's Reign-

.353

Edw. HI. An. 2j. continued.

An. 27.

¥354

An. 28.

¥357

An. 31.

1360.1

1361

1362

An. 34.

An. 35.

An. 36.

Title or Description of the Instrummt.

Articulus pro Clero, rcspeduatur usq, proximum-, Parliamentum - - . I

Article for the Clergy, respited until the next J Parliament. - - -J

Statute the First.

Statutum contra Adnullatores Judiciorum Cur | Regis ; fa&um Anno xxvij¡.

Statute against Annullers of Judgements of the King's Court; made in the Twenty-seventh Year.

Statute the Second. Ordinacio Stapularum. Ordinance of the Staples.

Ordinatio de feodis Majorum & Constabulario-^ rum Stapule.

Ordinance of the Fees of the Mayors and f Constables of the Staple. - -)

Statutum de anno Vicesimo Oftavo Regis'! E. terdi. - - - - {

Statute of the Twenty-eighth Year of King f Edward III. - - J

Statute the First.

Statutum editum apud Westm, die Lune prox post Septimanam Pasche. Anno xxxj¡.

Statute made at Westminster; the Monday next ( after the Feast of Easter, in the Thirty-first Ô Year.

Statute the Second.

Ordinacio fafta de Allece vendend.

Ordinance made concerning the Selling of ( Herrings. -

Statute the Third. - -

Ordinatio de Pisce salito de Blakeney ;

Anno xxxj.

Ordinance concerning the Salt-Fish of Blakeney;

Thirty-first Year.

Statute the Fourth.

Ordinatio fafta pro Statu terre Hibemie.

Ordinance made for the Estate of the Land ofi. Ireland. - ...

Statutum fadlum in Parliament tento apud' Westm. anno xxxiiij"'.

Statute made in the Parliament holden at Westminster; in the Thirty-fourth Year.

Language of the Original Instrument

French

French

French

French

French

French

French

French

Latin

French

RECORDS ud MANUSCRIPT AUTHORITIES.

For the Instrument.

For the Varioui Rcadingi.

Rot. Stat. m. 16 d.

Rot. Stat. m. 15.

Rot. Stapule 27 E. III.

Rot. Stapule 28 E. IB.

Rot. Stat. m. 14.

Rot. Stat. m. 13.

Rot. Stat. m.i^d.

Rot. Stat. m. 14 d.

Ordinatio fafta de Allece.

Ordinance of Herring.

Statute the First.

Statutum faclum in Parliamento tento apud Westm ; in quindena Sanfti Michaelis, Anno tricesimo sexto.

Statute made in the Parliament holden at Westminster in the Fifteenth of Saint Michael in the Thirty-sixth Year.

Statute the Second. -

DePardonatione faftaCommunitati regni Anglie. (

Of the Pardon made to the Commonalty of the | Realm of England. - - J

French

French

French

Rot. Stat. m. 12, 11

Rot. Stat. m. 10, 9.

Rot. Stat. m. 12 d.

Rot. Stat. m. 8, 7.

Rot. Ordin. in Tur. MS. Reg. 10 A. XIV. MS. Cott. Nero C. I.

MS. Reg. 19 A. XIV. MS. Cott. Nero C. I.

Rot. Stat. m. 13 J.

Printed

Editions.

Page

of this Collection.

Hawk.

Nova

Statuta.

Nova

Statuta.

Rot. Pat. 17 Ric. II.

Lib. Scac. Westm.IX. MS. Cott. Nero C. I.

Hawk.

Nova

Statuta.

3*8

3*9

33*

343

345

349

353

355

Rot. Stat. m. 7.

Nova

Statuta

357

364

369

37È

37<5


( X )

date.

Language.

RECORDS Ènd MANUSCRIPT AUTHORITIES.

Printed

Pip

A.D.

King's Reign.

Title or Description of the Instrument.

Original

Instrument.

For the Various Readings.

For the Instrument.

Editions.

of this Collection.

Edw. III.

*363

An. 37.

Statutum de Viftu & Vestitu. AnÓ xxxvijÓ. O Statute concerning Diet and Apparel; > of the Thirty-seventh Year. - -)

French

Rot. Staf. m. 6, 5.

Rot. Ordin. Rot. Pari.

\ e

378

È363-4

An. 38.

De Ordinacionibus faftis anno tricesimo oftavo.

Of the Ordinances made in the Thirty-eighth Year.

Statute the First. ...

French

Rot. Stat. in. 6. d.

383

Statute the Second. - -

French

Rot. Stat. in. 4.

385

È368

An. 42.

Statutum editum apud Westm, primo die Maii anno xlij Regis E. tercii. - - / Statute made at Westminster on the First Day / of May in the Forty-second Year of King \ Edward HI. - - - -)

French

Rot. Stat. m. 3.

\ Nova / ' Statuta.

388

1369

An. 43.

Statute made in the Parliament holden at West- \ minster on the Oftave of the Holy Trinity. J

French

Rot. Stat. m. 2.

390

1370-1

An. 45.

Statutum de Anno quadragessimo quinto Regis E. tercii. - - - -(

French

Rot. Stat. m. 1.

393

Statute of the Forty-fifth Year of K. Edward III. S

' V

1372

An. 46.

Ordinance concerning Lawyers and SheriffÕs "1 returned to Parliament. - -J

French

Rot. Pari. 46 E. III.

Cay.

394

*373

An. 47.

Statutum de anno xlvijÓ R. E. tercii.

Statute of the Forty-seventh Year of King > Edward III. - - - - j

French

Lib.Scac. Westm. X.

Lib. Scac. Westm. IX.

} [

395

1376-7

An. 50.

De Pardonacionibus & graciis fattis per Regem > Communitati regni sui Anglie: I Anno quinquagesimo Reg. E. tercii - 1 Of the Pardons and Graces, granted by the > King to the Commonalty of his Realm of 1 England: \ In the Fiftieth Year of King Edward III. J

French

Rot. Stat. m. 1.

Rot. Pari. 51 E. III. Rot. PardonÕ 51 E.III.

( Nova ] | Statuta. j

39<i

N * \ n <

THE STATUTES.

STATUTES OF KING HENRY THE THIRD.

I

i

on

Anno 20¡ HENRICI, III. A.D.1235-6.

#?oDtetone0 Dc Merton.

The PROVISIONS of MERTON.

Ex MS. Coll. Claud. D. II. fo. 142.

PROVISUM est in Cur Dili Reg die Mercur in Crastino Sci Vincencii, Anno regni Regis H. fit Regis Joftnis vicesimo, apud Merton, coram (') Archiepo Cantuar, & [Epis suffraganeis'] cora majori parte Com & Baronu Anglie ifem existencium [pcura- cioneJ] ipius Dili Regis, & Alianore Regine, p qua omnes vocati fuerunt; Cum traftatu esset de coi udlitate regni sup articiis subscriptis : Ita pvisu

fuit & concessum, tarn a pdcis Archiepo, Epis, Comitibj, Baronibj, qÔm ab ipo Rege & aliis. f j T Oe Viduis [vero *] que post mortem virop suo£ ex- fa* pellunt' de dotibj suis, [& dotes suas vt quarentenam 1 j

i!Ò habere non possunt sine ptito, [Ôvidett qd quicumqs de.

forciant eis dotes suas [vel quarentenam suam7 ] de ten de quibj viri sui obierut seisiti, & ipse vidue postea p ptitum recupavW, ipi qui de injusto deforciamento convitti fSint reddant eisdem viduis dampna sua, * J videit valorem tocius dotis eas [contingentes,9] a tem.pore mortis virojs suo£ usq^ ad diem quo ipse vidue Ñ p judicium curie seisinam suam inde recupaverint:

Et nichilominus ipi deforciatores sint in niia Reg. jj Item omnes vidue de ce'Po possunt Iegare blada

sua de tVa sua, tarn de dotib} suis q*m de aliis (,0) tris & renementis suis, salvis sviciis driop [que de dotibj & aliis tenementis suis debentur."]

t ( Veil p. E. Rot.Claus. loHert.III: ven pris E Rot.Pat. 21 \ Hen. Ill! Edmo Rot. Bodl; MS. Harl. 746.

ÕCoepis suis Sc Rot.Claui. Coepis suffraganeis suis & Rot. Bodl: MSS. Harl. 395, jo22.

1 Pro Coronatione is written in the Margin, which Words occur in MS. Harl. 746. and other Manuscripts; and the Printed Copies.

* p'mo Lib. Seac. X: MS. Harl. 39J.

{vt dotes suas Sc qÕrentenam suam Rot. Claus. vt dotem suam p qÕrantena MS. Reg. 1 j A. XXXI. vt dotes suas infra qÕrantena MS. Harl\ 493 A.

*Ñ* & q postea d placit dotes suas recupavW de tenemetis de quibj viri eaa obierut seisiti, recupent simul cum dotibj suis, de itf q1 de injusto deforciameto pvidli fuint dampna sua ; Rot. Clout: MS. Reg.

7 MS. Harl. 493 A1 MS. Cott. XU. omit, v contingentis Rot.Claus: Rot. Bodl.

10 Iibis Rot. Claus ; MS. Reg.

" que debent' de dotibj Rot. Claus: Lib. Scae.X: MS. Reg: MSS. Harl. 493 A; 746.

IT was Provided in the Court of our Lord the King, holden at Merton on Wednesday the Morrow after the Feast of St. Vincent, the 20"" year of the Reign of King Henry the Son of King John, before [William ÔJ Archbishop of Canterbury, and [other his Bishops and SuffragansÕ] and before the greater part of the Earls and Barons of England there being assembled, for the Coronation of the said King, and Hellianor the Queen, about which they were all called; [where J] it was treated for the Commonwealth of the Realm upon the Articles underwritten ; thus it was provided and granted, as well of the foresaid [Archbishops,*] Bishops, Earls and Barons, as of the King himself and others.

FIRST, Of Widows which after the Death of their Husbands are deforced of their Dowers, [and cannot have their Dowers or Quarentine Õ] without Plea, [Ô whosoever deforce them of their Dowers or Quaren- tine of the Lands, whereof their Husbands died seised, and that the same Widows after shall recover by Plea; they that be convift of such wrongful Deforcement shall yield Damages to the same Widows ;6] that is to say, the Value of the whole Dower to them belonging, from the time of the Death of their Husbands unto the Day that the said Widows, by Judgement of our Court, have recovered Seisin [of their Dower, &c.7] and the Deforcers nevertheless shall be amerced at the KingÕs Pleasure.

ALSO, From henceforth Widows may bequeath the [Crop of*] their Ground, as well of their Dowers as of other their Lands and Tenements, saving to the Lords [of the Fee,] all such Services as be due for their Dowers and other Tenements.

1 Edmund * the Bishops, bis Suffragans,

5 token * Archbishop,

i or cannot have their Dowtrt, within the Time of Quaren/ine,

6 and who afterwards by Plea recover their Dowers of the Tene.ments whereof their Husbands died seised, they shall recover together with their Dowers, from those which be cowiiB of such wrongful Deforce.ment, their Damages ;

7 thereof * Corn upon

t The Introductory Clauie is given very variously in different Manuscripts. The Copy in MS. Reg. 15 A. XXXI. of the Time of Edw. I. which agrees in general with the Close Roll ao Hen. III. begins as follows.

Ç Henricus dei gra Rex Angt, Dns Hybn, &c. Vic, Sattm. Sciatis qd in die Mercur in crastino Sci Vine, anno regni nfi vicesimo apud niton in Cur nra cor nob ac vefUabili pfe Archiepo Cant 8c Coepis suis, & cor majori pte Comif, Baron ririjj, p coi utilitate tocius Regni nfi Angl 1 Provisum fuit & tarn a predcis Archiepo, Epis, Comif, Baron qÕm a nob concessum

qd de cePo oines Vidue que post mortem viroj suoy Ó &c.

Copies of the Entries on the Close Roll and Patent Roll, referred to in the Notes, are subjoined at the End of the Statute.

VOL. I.

U

I.

Damages to Widows on a Writ of Dower.

II.

Widows may bequeath the Com on their Lands.


m.

Punishment in cases of Reditseisin.

ALSO, If any be disseised of their Freehold, and before the Justices in Eyre have recovered Seisin by Assise of Novel disseisin, or by confession of them which did the Disseisin, and the Disseisee hath had Seisin delivered (') by the Sheriff, if the same Disseisors after the Circuit of the Justices, or in the mean time, [have disseised'] the same Plaintiff of the same Freehold, and thereof be convift, they shall be forthwith taken and committed, and kept in the KingÕs Prison until the King hath discharged them, by Fine or by some other Proceedings mean. And this is the Form [how such convift Persons iifsuchCascf shall he punished;Õ] when the Plaintiffs come into the Court of our Lord the King, they shall have the King's Writ direfted to the Sheriff, in which must be contained [the Plaint of Disseisin framed upon the Disseisin :4] And [then5] it shall be commanded to the Sheriff, that he, taking with him the Keepers of the Pleas of the [KingÕs] Crown, and other lawful Knights, in his proper Person, shall go unto the Land or Pasture, whereof the Plaint hath been made, and that he make before them, by the first Jurors, and other Neighbours, and lawful Men, diligent Inquisition thereof; and if [they6] find him disseised againÈ as before is said, then let him do according to the Provision aforementioned ; but if it be found otherwise, the Plaintiff shall be amerced, and the other shall go quit; neither shall the Sheriff [execute7] any such Plaint without special Commandment of the King. In the same manner shall be done [to *] them that have recovered their Seisin by Assise of Mortdauncester; [and so shall it be of all Lands and Tenements recovered in the KingÕs Court by Enquests,Õ] if they be disseised after by the first Deforceors, against whom they have recovered any wise by Enquest.

IV.

Common of Pasture by Freeholders within great Manors.

Approvement by Lords.

Freeholders.

ALSO, Because many great Men of England, which have infeoffed Knights and their Freeholders of small Tenements in their great Manors, have complained that they cannot make their Profit of the residue of their Manors, as of Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, whereas (,0) the same Feoffees (") have sufficient Pasture (Ó) as much as belongeth to their Tenements; (Ó) It is provided and granted ; That whenever such Feoffees do bring an Assise of Novel disseisin for their Common of Pasture, and it is knowledged before the Justicers, that they have as much Pasture as sufficeth to their Tene.ments, and that they have free [Egress and Regress '*] from their Tenement unto the Pasture, then let them be contented therewith ; and they on whom [it was com.plained Ó] shall go quit [of as much as ,6] they have made their Profit of their Lands, Wastes, Woods, and Pastures; And if they alledge that they have not suffi.cient Pasture, or sufficient Ingress and Egress according to their Hold, then let the Truth be inquired by As.sise ; And if it be found, by the Assise, that the same Deforceors have ('7) disturbed them of their Ingress and Egress, or that they had not sufficient Pasture, as before is said, then shall they recover their Seisin by

1 him 1 shall again disseise

7 how tuch Pert oat ought to be conviSed;

4 their Declaration of the disseisin done upon disseisin:

5 therefore o fa

7 prosecute È for

? anJin Ue Manncr /Ç- olbert who may have recovered Land, and Trnemenlt in any Manner in our Court by Enquett ;

nevertheless 11 may

Ó lhere Ç Thus

14 Jngrett and Egrttt

13 they have complained it for ljla{

'7 in any thing.

Item si quis fSit disseisitus de lifeo tenemento suo, & coram Justic itiSantibj seisinam suam recupav\t p ass*m nove disseie, vel p [recognicionem'] eo^ qui fecerint disseis, (*) & ipe disseisitus p ViC seisinam suam ftuerit, Si iidem disseisiatores postea post i? Justic! (Õ) [de eodem ten4] ifura eundera conquerentem disseis, & inde convi&i fuint, statim capiantÕ, & in prisona Dni Regis detineantÕ, quousq p Dnm Reg p redempeionem vel aliquo alio modo delibentÕ. [J Et hec est forma quali? tales [con- vifii puniri debeant ;6] Vidett cum conquerentes ad Cur veSint heant bfe Dni Regis vie! direftum, in quo contineatÕ eo£ narracio de disseia fa&a sup disseiam: Et ideo mandet' Vic qd assumptis secum custodibj ptitojj corone & aliis legalibj militib}, in ppria psona sua accedat ad ten illud, vel pasturam illam de quiby facia fuerit querela, & coram eis p p'mos jura- tores & p alios vicinos & leg homines diligentem inde faciat inquisicoem : & si ipm iterum inveSit disseisitum sicut pdfm est, foe tunc sedm pvisionem p>di£hm; sin autem, tunc sit conquerens in friia dni (7), & ali9 quietus recedat. Nec debet Vie sine spali pcepto Dni Regis hujusmodi loquelam psequi.8] f" Eodem modo fiat de illis qui seisinam recupa.vint p ass'm mortis antecessoris, [& de othibj tris et ten recupatis p juratas in Cur Dni P;9 ] Si postea (IO) disseis fSint a prioribj deforciatoribj v*sus q¡s recupavint [p juratam quoq¡modo.'1 ]

Item quia multi Magnates Anglie, qui feoffavW milites & libe tenentes suos de pvis ten in magnis maSiis suis, questi fffunt qd comodum suum fo?e non potuerunt de residuo ManSiop suop sicut de vastis boscis & pastur, [cum ipi feoffati habeant suf- ficientem pasturam, q*ntu ptinet **] ad ten sua: Ita provisum est & concessum qd [quicumq h9i feoffatiIJ] assÔm nove disseie deferant de coa pasture sue, [& co.ram Justie recognitu fuerit Õ4] qd [tantam,s] pasturam heant q*ntu [suffi?it,6] ad tenementa sua, & qd heant libum ingrm & egressum de ten suis usq ad pastu.ram suam, tunc inde sint contenti, & illi de quiby conquesti fuerint recedant quieti de hoc qd como.dum suu de rris, [vastis, boscis, & pasturÕ7] fec?int.

Si autem dixint qd sufficientem pasturam [non heant,Õ8] vel sufficients ingrm vel egressum, quantu ptinet ad ten sua, tunc inquirat' veritas p assÕm: Et C9) p assÕm recognitum fuit [p eosdem qd10] in aliquo fu*it impeditus eo£ ingressus vel egressus, vel qd non habeant sufficientem pasturam [& suffi.cientem ingressum & egressum11] sicut pdem est, tunc recupent seiam suam p visum juratojj: Ita qd

1 cognicaem Rot. Clairs.

*vt q"cuq, alio modo p judmCur nre ^ Int'rl*ne<i'

3 vi inf* Rot.Claus: Lib. Scac.X: Red. Bod!: MS. Reg.

4 Rot. Claus; Rot.Bod!: MS.Reg. omit.

8 MS. Reg. omits these Sentences ; Rot. Claut. reads as follows:

Nos aut mandabimš V formam p alias litfas nFas quatr hsi disseitores cdvinci debant cu hsi loquelc atl Cur nram veSint; nec poPis tu h^i loquelas tefie In spali mandato nro.

6 convinci debeant Rot. Bodl: MS. HarJ. 746.

7 Reg Lib. Scac. X. ¥ See note 3ÑÈ.

7 Sc silt, oihib3 ahis qÕ Pras 8t tenementa quocuq, modo in Cur nra p juratam recupavint [vt q^Dq alio modo p iudm Cur nre ;] Rot.Claut: MS. Reg.

The words in Brackets are interlined in Rot. Claut

¥¡ inde Rot. Claus.

" Rot. Claus: Rot. Bodl: MS. Reg. omit.

desic ipi feoffati sufficientem possent hre past'am qÕtenus ptinlet Rot. Claus. M

,J cum h9i a quibj feoffati Rot. Claus.

14 si coram Justic cognoPint Rot. Claus.

15 sufficictem Rot. Claus.

17 vt vastis, vt past'is Rot. Claus

19 si Rot. Claus: Ub. Scac.X

Rot. Claus: MS. Reg: MS.Harl. 746, omit.

16 ptinet Rot. Claus. 18 hUint Rot.Claut.

uij.

Digitiz

Gojgi

e

V.j.

p discrecionepi & sacrm eoru habeant conquerentes sufficientem pasturam, & sufficientem ingrm & egrm in forma pdifta. Et disseisitores sint in niia

Dili Reg, & dampna reddant sicut reddi [debent'] ante pvisionem istam. Si autem recognitum fSit p assÕm qd conquerentes sufficientem habent pas.turam cu libo & sufficienti ingressu & egressu ut f?dcm est, tunc licite faciant alii comodum suu de residuo, & recedant de ilia assia quieti.

Simili? pvisum est & a dno Rege conces- sum, qd de ce?o non currant usure contra ali- quem infra etatem existentem, a tempore mortis antecessoris sui, cujus heres ipe est, usq ad legiti- mam etatem suam. Ita tamen qd ppt hoc non re- maneat solucio debiti principalis simul cum usura ante mortem antecessoris sui cujus heres ipe est.

De fiedibj p parentes vel p alios (Ô) vi abduftis vel detentis, (J) ita pvisu est; qd quicumq,, laicus inde conviftus fSit qd pSum sic (4) maritavÕit, reddat pdenti valorem maritagii, & p delido corp9 ejus capiat' & imprisoned donee pdenti emendavit delidum si puer maritet', & pterea donee dno Regi satis fecit p transg'ssione; & hoc fiat de herede infra quatuor- decim annos existente. De ftede autem cum sit qua- tuordecim annop vel ultra, usq ad plenam etatem, si se maritaverit sine licencia dni sui, ut ei auferat maritagiu suu, & dns offerat ei racionabile maritagiu ubi non dispaget', dns suus tunc teneat tram ejus ultra ?minu etatis sue, scitt viginti & unius anni, p tantu tempus qd possit inde duplicem valorem maritagii recipe sedm estimacoem leg hoim, vt sedm qd ei p eodem maritagio p'us fuerit oblatum sine fraude & malicia, & sedm qd pbari potit in Cur dni Reg. De dnis qui maritavW illos quos habent in custodia villanis vel aliis siC Bur- gens ubi dispagent', si talis heres fSit infra q'tuordccim annos, & talis etatis qd consentire non possit, tunc si parentes conquerant', dns ille amittat custodiam usq ad legitimam etatem hedis; & omne comodum quod inde pceptum fuit convÕtat' in comodum ipius qui infra etatem est, sedm [disposicoemJ] & pvisionem parentum, [cont*6] dedecus ei fCm. ^ Si autem fSit quatuordecim annojj & ultra, qd consentire poftt, & tali maritagio consenserit, nulla sequat' pena. ^ Si quis heres cujuscumq fuerit etatis p diio suo se no- luerit maritare, non compellat' hoc fa?e, sed cum ad etatem pvenjit, det diio suo & satisfaciat ei de tanto q'ntu pcipe posset ab aliquo p mari.tagio, anteq'm tram suam recipiat; & hoc sive voluerit se maritare sive non ; Quia maritagiu ej9 qui infra etatem est, mero jure ptinet ad dhm feodi. f De narracione descensus in bri de redo, ab ante- cessore (J) a tempore H. Reg senioris, anno & die (8) .Pvisum est qd de ceto non fiat [mencio deÕ] tarn longinquo tempore, S3 a tempore H. Regis Avi nri, & locum habeat ista pvisio ad Pentencosten, anno vicesimo primo & non ante, [p ,0] bria prius impet'ta pcedant: bria mortis antecessoris, de nativis, [& de ingressu"] non excedant ultimu reditum dni Reg Jofinis (") in Angliam. Bria nove disseie non ex.cedant p"m transfretac&em diii Reg qui nuc est in [Vascoii,13] & locum habeat ista pvisio a tempore p'difto, et bria prius impetrata procedant. (14)

1 solent Rot. Claus: Rot. Bodl.

' contra pacem MS.Harl. 393.

* seu maritatis, Rot.Bodl: MS.Harl. 493 A : MS.Cott. XVI.

4 detinilir, abduxit, vel Rot. Bodl: MS.Harl. 493 A:

MS. Cott. XVI. 5 discrccom Rot. Bodl.

6 ppP MS. Hart. 5022. 7 q p'us fT solet Rot. Pat.

¥ quo obiit Rot. Pat: MS. Reg. 9 compuco a Rot. Pat.

10 & Rot. Pat: Lit. Scac. X: MS. Reg.

" Rot. Pat. omits.

" de Hybn Rot. Pat: lab. Scae.X: Rot. Bodl: MS. Reg.

11 Britannia, Rot Pat: Lib.Scac. X: Rot.Bodl: MS.Reg: MS. Hart. 493 A: MS. Cott. XVI.

14 Nup obiit quatuord annos : & ideo tÔ precipim5 qd omia pdea in pleno Com legi fac & de cePo firmiP teneri: MS.Reg.

view of the Inquest: so that by their Discretion and Oath the Plaintiffs shall have sufficient Pasture, and sufficient Ingress and Egress in form aforesaid; And the Disseisors shall be amerced, and shall yield Da.mages, as they were wont before this Provision. And if it be certified by the Assise, that the Plaintiffs have sufficient Pasture with (') Ingress and Egress as before is said, let the other make their Profit of the residue, and go quit of that Assise.

LIKEWISE, It is provided and granted by the King, that from henceforth Usuries shall not run against any being within Age, from the Time of the Death of his Ancestor, whose Heir he is, unto his lawful Age; so nevertheless, that the Payment of the principal Debt, with the Usury that was before the Death of his An.cestor, whose Heir he is, shall not remain (Õ).

OF Heirs that be led away, and withholden, or mar.ried by their [Parents,3] or by other, with Force against our Peace, thus it is Provided; That whatsoever Lay.man be convift thereof that he hath so [withholden any Child, led away, or married,4] he shall yield to the Loser the Value of the Marriage ; and for the Offence his Body shall be taken and imprisoned until he hath recompensed the Loser, if the Child be married ; and further, until he hath satisfied the King for the Tres.pass ; and this [mustJ] be done of an Heir being within the Age of Fourteen Years. And touching an Heir being Fourteen Years old or above, unto his full Age, if he marry without Licence of his Lord to defraud him of the Marriage, and his Lord offer him reasonable and convenient Marriage, without Disparagement, then his Lord shall hold his Land beyond the Term of his Age, that is to say, of One and Twenty Years, so long that he may receive the double Value of the Marriage, after the Estimation of lawful Men, or after as it hath been offered (6) before, without Fraud or Collusion, and after as it may be proved in the KingÕs Court. And as touch.ing Lords, which marry those that they have in Ward to Villains, or other, as Burgesses, where they be dispa.raged, if any such an Heir be within the Age of Four.teen Years, and of such Age that he cannot consent [to Marriage,] then, if his [Friends7] complain [of the same Lord,'] the Lord shall lose the Wardship, unto the Age of the Heir; and all the Profit that thereof shall be taken, shall be converted to the Use of the Heir being within Age, after the [Disposition9] and Provision of his [Friends,7] for the Shame done to him; but if he be Fourteen Years and above, so that he may consent, and do consent to such Marriage, no Pain shall follow.

IF [an IO] Heir, of what Age soever he be, will not marry at the Request of his Lord, he shall not be com.pelled thereunto ; but when he cometh to full Age, he shall give to his Lord, and pay him as much as any would have given him for the Marriage, before [the Receipt of"] his Land ; and that whether he will marry himself, or not; for the Marriage of him that is within Age of meer Right pertaineth to the Lord of the Fee.

TOUCHING Conveyance of Descent in a Writ of Right from any Ancestor from the Time of King Henry the elder, the Year and Day, It is Provided, that from henceforth there be no mention made of so long Time, but from the Time of King Henry our Grandfather; and this Act shall take Effect at Pente.cost, the one and twentieth Year [of our Reign,] and not afore, and the Writs before purchased shall pro.ceed : Writs of Mortdauncester, of Nativis, and Entre, shall not pass the last Return of King John from Ire.land into England; [and this Aft shall take effeft as before is declared.] Writs of Novel disseisin shall not pass the first Voyage of our Sovereign Lord the King, that now is, into Gascoine; and this Provision shall take his Effeft from the Time aforesaid, and all Writs purchased before shall proceed.

1 free and sufficient

* unpaid by reason of this 7 Kinsfolks

4 withholden, led away, or married any child, Õ shall

4 him for the said Marriage

V.

Usuries shall not run againfl Minors.

VI.

Unlawful * Marriage of Heirs; if under Fourteen 1

if of that Age, or above.

Disparage.ment of Wards in Marriage.

VII.

Refusal of Heirs to marry.

VIII. Limitation of Writs.

Writ of Right.

Writs of Mortdaun- cestor, & c.

Writs of

Novel

Disseisin.

t Kinsfolk 14 any

' thereof " he receive

1 discretion


IX.

Special

Bastardy.

X.

Attomies in

County

Courts.

XI.

T respassers in Parks, See.

nova pscoc.

Consco.

isione novo^ Bnum.

TO the KingÕs Writ of Bastardy, whether one being bom before Matrimony, may inherit in like Manner as he that is bom after [Matrimony,] all the Bishops an.swered, That they would not, nor could not answer to it; because it was direflly against the common Order of the Church. And all the Bishops instanted the Lords, that they would consent that all such as were born afore Matrimony should be legitimate, as well as they that be bom within Matrimony, as to the Succession of Inhe.ritance, forsomuch as the Church accepteth such for le.gitimate. And all the Earls and Barons with one voice answered, that they would not change the Laws of the Realm, which hitherto have been used and approved.

IT is Provided and granted, that every Freeman, which oweth Suit to the County, Trything, Hundred, and Wapentake, or to the Court of his Lord, may freely make his Attorney to do those Suits for him.

CONCERNING [Trespasses'] in Parks and [Ponds Õ] it is not yet discussed; for the Lords de.manded the proper Imprisonment of such as they should take in their Parks and [Ponds,1] which the King denied; wherefore it was deferred.

. Trespassers * Vroaria

Ad fere Jjt de Bastardia utru aliquis natus ante yiij matrimoniii habere po?it heditatem, sicut ille qui natus est post, Responderunt omnes Epi qd nolunt nec possunt ad istud respondere, quia hoc esset contra coem form am ecclie: Ac rogavunt omes Epi Magnates ut consentirent qd nati ante matrimoniu essent legitimi, sicut illi qui nati sunt post matri.moniu quantum ad successionem hereditaf, quia ecctia tales habet j> legitimis; & omnes Comites et Barones una voce responderunt qd nolunt leges Anglie mutare que (Ô) usitate sunt & approbate. (') ^[Pvisum [insup3] qd quilt lib homo qui seftam debet ad is. Coin Trithing, Hundr, & Wapentach, vl ad cur dni sui libe possit facere attorn suu ad se&as illas p eo faciend.

De malefaSorib3 in parcis & viva?, [non est*] dis- x. cussum, quia Magnates pecierunt ppriam [psonam!] sua de illis quos [cepant6] in parcis & viva? suis; qd quidem das Rex contradixit, & ideo diffeiT.

1 ucusque Rot. Bod/.

1 Et ideo dominus Rex ht consilium suum sub qua forma pce- denderit ad inquii in cur sua de talibj sic natis.MS.Hart. 393.

s est 8c concessum Rot. Bod/, r ita est Rot. Bod/: MS.Cott.XVI.

*< non est adhuc MS. Harl. 502a.

[est Lib. Scacc. A .- MS. Harl. 395.

J p'sonam Lib.Scac. X: MS. Reg. 6 capent Rot. Ball.

Ex Rot. Clous. 20 Hen. III. m. 18. d.

REX Vic Norf 8c Sut salut. Scias qd die meur in Crastino Sci Vine in Cur nra 8c cora nob 8c cora ven p. E. Cant Arcliiepo lie cocpis suis, & coram majori parte Com & Baron nro^ Angt, p pmui utilitate tocis regrii nri pvisum fuit, tam a pdcis Arcliiepo epis Com it Bar qam a nob concessum, qd decePo omes vidue q post mortem viro^ suoj expilant' de dotibj suis, vt dotes suas it qÕrentenam suam hre no possent sn placito, & q postea p placit dotes suas recupavW de tenemetis de quibj viri cay obierut seisiti, recupent simul cum dotibj suis, de ill qÕ de injusto deforciameto 9vitti fHint, dampna sua ; scilt valorem toci' dotis illas contingentis, a tempore mortis viro^ suo^ usq, ad diem quo ipe vidue p judm Cur nre seisina sua recupavW; 8c ipi deforciantes nichomin9 sint in mi?icordia nra sic p'us solet. It qd omes h9i Vidue decePo possint legate blada sua

in Pra, tarn de dotibj suis qÕm de aliis libis Pris & tenementis suis: salvis ?viciis dno^ que debent' de dotibj. It si q's

fuit disseisit9 de libo tenemeto suo Sc coram justic itifiantibj seisina recupa\?it p assÕm nove disseisine vt p cognicoem eof qui disseisins fecint, [vl q¡cuq, alio modo p judm Cur nre1] 8c ipe disseisit9 p vie seisinam suam hilit; si iidem disseisitores postea p9t iter Justic vl inf*, iPm eundem coquerentem disseisiWt 8c inde <jvi£li fuint, statim capiant' 8c in p'sona nra

detineant' q¡usq, p nos p redemaSne vl alio modo delibent'. Nos aut mandabim9 t1 formam, p alias litPaa nras, quatr hEi

disseisitores covinci debant cii h9i loquele ad Cur nram veSint, nec poPis tu b9i loquelas tefile sn spali mandato nro. Eodem m¡ fiat tie illis qui seisinas suas recupavW p ass'm mortis aiicessoris; 8c sitr omibj aliis q' Pras 8c tenementa quocuq, modo in Cur nra p Juratam recupavW, [vl qÒcuq, alio modo p judm Cur nre2] si posteai nde disseisiti fuint a prioribj deforciatoribj vs9 quos recupavW. It quia multi Magnates de Regno nro, q' feoffavW milites 8c libe ten suos de parvis tenementis in magnis matins suis, qsti flint qd comodum suu fa?e no poPunt de rcsiduo rnaSioj suoj, sic de vastis boscis & past'is, desic ipi feoffati sufficientem possent hre past'am q*tenus ptifiet ad tenemeta sua ; Ita pvisum est 8c a nob concessum, qd cum h9i a quibj feoffati assÕm nove diss defant de comuna past'e, si coram Justic cognovint qd sufficiftem past'am hant q*tu ptinet ad tenemeta sua, 8c hant ingssum 8c egssum de tenementis suis usq, ad past'a ilium, tuc inde sint contenti, 8c illi de quibj qsti fuint quieti recedant de hoc qd comodum suu de Pris vt vastis vl past'is fecint. Si auf dixint qd sufficients past'am hdint vl sufficients ingssum 8c egssum q*ntu ptinet ad tenementa sua, tuc inde inq'rat' vitas p ass'm; 8c si p assÕm recognit f2it qd p eosd in aliq0 fuit ipedit9 ingssus 8c egssus, vl qd no hant sufficientem past'am sic pdem est, tuc

recupent seisinam suam p visit Juratop. Ita qd p discrecom 8c sacÕmentu ipo^ hant coquercntes sufficients past'am 8c ingssum

8c egssum sufficientem in forma pdea ; 8c disseisitores in mia 8c dampna reddant sic p'us reddi solent an pvisioem istam. Si aul recognit f2it p assÕm qd 9qrentes hant sufficientem past'am cum libo ingssu 8c egssu sic pdem est, tuc licite faciat alii qmodu suu de residuo, 8c de assisa ilia recedant q'eti. Ita pvisu est 8c a nob concessum qd dccePo no currant usure cornÕ aliquem inf* etatem existntem a tempore mortis aiicessoris cuj9 heres ipe fuit usq, ad legitima etate sua. Ita tn qd ppP hoc no remaneat

soluco debiti p'ncipat cu usuris ah morte ancessoris sui. Et io t1 pcipim9 qd oihia pdea i pleno Com tuo legi facias, 8c decePo

f'mi? te8i. Ne aÕs de Com tuo p defeu tui in pdcis casibj se possit p ignorancia exc9are. T. R. ap Guide! xxx¡ die Jan.

Eodem modo mand est Vicbt p totam Angt, 8c ecia Justic ItiSanI in Com1Ó Suht 8c Wilt. T. ut sÕ.

Ex Rot. Pat. 21 Hen. III. m. 10.

f REX Archiepis Epis ANStibj Prioribj CombI Bar Militibj 8c omibj libe tenentibj in Hibnia constitutis Saif. Sciatis qd in psentia ven pris E. Cant Archiepi Ejio^um Attim Comitu 8c Bar de Regno [nro 3] Angt 8c de coi gsilio eorumde magnatu nup pvisu fuit qd queda bria nra de Cursu mutent' in articlis subsc'ptis ; vid in narracone descens9 ab ancessoribj in Bri de refto q p'us ft solet a tempe II. Regis senis anno 8c die quo obiit pvisu est qd decePo no fiat compuro a tam longinq* tempe, set a tempe Regis H. avi nri. Bria mortis aticess 8c Bria de nativis, quo^ Pmin9 prius fuit p9 p'mam Co^ R. Reg avucli nri, decePo no excedat ultimu reditu dni J. Regis pris nri de Hybn in Angt. Bria vero nove disseisine, quo^ Pmin9 p'us fuit p9 p'ma Cor nram ap Westm, decePo no excedat t^nsfretafom nram in Britannia, q fuit p'ma die Maii anno r. fi. xiiij0 j 8c fiat sic Pmin9 p9 t*nsfretafi3m nram in Britann. Sic aute intffigenda est pvisio pdea; qd gstico ista locii hat 8c vigorem ad Pentecosten a. r. n xxjÓ 8c no ante, 8c bria p'us impet*ta sub Pminis p'oribj, pcedat. Quia igit' volum9 qd eed leges 8c gsuetudies q ob3vantT in Regno nro Angl teneant' in Hybn, Mandavim9 Justic nro Hybnie, qd pvisione pdcam p tota Batlia sua clamari 8c firmiP in Hibn teneri fac ; & hoc vob significant9 ut de pvisione j)dca vos ctificem9, 8c q*ntu in vob est ea teneatis. T. R. ap Westm ut s*. (*)

Interlined on the Koll, in both Places. * Struck throu8h OD the RoUÔ

4 The Article immediately preceding on the Roll is dated, xx die MarcÕ.


o

f

.I

f\

£Ètatutum ^tDcrnte De Cof)treDtbu0*

The STATUTE of IRELAND concerning COPARCENERS.

Hvtm Con- sulacois

H.

Ex Rot. Claus. 20 H. III. m. 4, d. di gra Rex Angt, kc. Ditco k fi suo [M. fit Gold'] Justic suo Hitin Saluf. (Õ) Milites de ptibj vris HitSn nup ad nos accedentes nob os- tenderut qd cum hercditas devoluta sit [ad!] sorores in Regno nro Hybn, Justic nri in eisdem partib3 itiflantes int?ti sint utrfi post nate sorores terJe debeant de p'mogenita sorore, k ei fa?e homagiu [de por- conib3 suis, vt de capitali Dno & ei face homagiu :*] Et quia predci milites a nob petierfit inde Ptificari quatr in Regno nro Angt in casu gsiti hÒttenus usitatfi sit; ad instantiam eo^dem vob significant9 qd in Regno nro Angt [semp talis fuit lexJ] & cosuetudo in hoc casu; qd si quis teSet de nob in capite k ftret filias heredes, ipo pre defufto, ahccssores nri (4) & nos semp habuimus (7) homagia de omiby filiab3, & singte eap tenet de nob in hoc casu in capite ; & si infra etatem fSit nos habem9 custodiam eap & maritagiu ("). Si aut de alio [q^cOq,9] tenuerit q* de nob k ipe so.rores inf* etatem fSint, Dhs illap habebit custodiam & maritagiu singta^ 8: p'mogenita tin faciet homagiu Dno [ p omib3 sororib3; ,0] & alie sorores, cO ad etate veSint, facient Õsvitia dnis feodi p man p'moge- mte; nec potit pmogentta [ea occone pete a post natis sororib3 homagiu vt custodia, vt aliq* aliam sub- jedtoem h*c rune;"]q,cu oines sorores sint q*i unus heres de unica heredirate, Si p'mogenita posset tire homagiu alia£ sorop & custodia, tfic esset ead he- reditas divisa, Ita qd p'mogenita [sororor '*] [fietIJ] timul & semel de una hereditate Diia k heres, heres scitt sue partis & Diia sorop sua£; quod quide in hoc cau fi no potit, cfi ipa p'mogenita nichil pePe possit plus q1 [minor '. ] nisi capitate Mesuagiu [note Õ5] aesnescie. [Et p tea cu p'mogenita sit heres oim aliap soroij si obicrit sine ticde de se si ipa hre posset cus- tcdia sorop sua^ vt pitots suo£,'4] hoc esset q*i gmitte agnfi lupo devorandfi. Et ido vob mandam9 qd pdcas gsuetudies in hoc cau quas habem9 i Regno nro Angt scdm quod p*dcm est in Regno nro Hybn rlamari & firmiV terri faciatis. [T. R. apud Noting xxx* die Aug.'7]

I Gerardo filio Mauricii 1 Cum

' inter < an non

* talis est Lex 6 habuerunt

7 & cepimus * singularum 9 domino

'* pro se 8c omnibus sororibus suis

II ea ratione vel occasions a post natis sororibus, homagium

vel custodiam vel aliquam aliam subjeftionem exigerc vel habere Ò 6oror

IJ esset 'Çalie sorores 'i ratione

'6 Preterea si primogen ta hujusmodi homagium a postnatis sororibus suis acciperet, esset quasi domina earum, 8c habere posset custodiam earum 8c filiorum suo^ ; 8c

17 In cujus rei &c. Test me ipso apud AVestm ix. die Februarii anno regni nostri xiiij.

HENRY, by the Grace of God, King of England, [Lord of Ireland, Duke of Guyan and Nor.mandy, Earl of Anjou,] to his trusty and well beloved [Gerard, son of Maurice '] Justicer of Ireland, Greeting. Whereas certain Knights of the parties of Ireland, lately coming to Us, have informed Us, that when any Land doth descend unto Sisters within our Dominion of Ire.land, our Justices errant in those parties are in doubt, whether the younger Sisters ought to hold of the eldest Sister, and do Homage unto her for their Portions, or of the Chief Lord, and do Homage unto him: And Forasmuch as the said Knights have requested to be certified how it hath been used heretofore within our Realm of England in like case ; At their instance We do you to wit, that, such a Law and Custom [is in England '] in this case ; That if anv, [holdingJ] of Us in chief, [happen to die, having*] Daughters to his Heirs, our Ancestors and We, after the death of the Father, have always had and received Homage of all such Daughters, and every of them in this cast do hold of Us in chief; and if they happened to be within Age, We have [alway had3] the Ward and Marriage of every of them. And if [he"] be Tenant unto another Lord, and not to Us, the Sisters being within Age, the Lord shall have the Ward and Marriage of them all, and the eldest only shall do Homage for herself and all her Sisters ; and when the other Sisters come to full Age, they shall do their service to the Lords of the Fee by the hands of the eldest Sister; yet shall not the eldest by this occasion exad of her younger Sisters, Homage, Ward, or any other Subjeftion, [for they be all7] Sisters, and in manner as one Heir to one Inheritance, if the eldest should have Homage of the other Sisters, and demand Wardship, then the Inheritance should be divided, so that the eldest Sister should be Seig- nioress and [Tenant of Inheritance timul et semel*'] that is to say, Heir of her own part, and Seignioress to her Sisters; which could not stand well together in this case, for the eldest can demand no more than [her Sis.ters,9] but the chief Mease, by reason of her Ancienty. Moreover, [if the elder Sister should take Homage of the younger, she should be as a Seignioress to them all, and should have the Ward of them and their Heirs; which would be'"] none other, but to cast the Lamb to the Wolf to be devoured.

And therefore We command you, that you cause the aforesaid Customs that be used within our Realm of England in this case, ("), to be proclaimed throughout our Dominion of Ireland, and to be straitly kept [and observed.] [In Testimony whereof, &c. I Witness my.self at Westminster, the ninth day of Februarv, in the Fourteenth Year of our Reign.'1]

1 Maurice Fitzgerald, hit * alwayi hath been in our Realm of England 3 should hold * and have

' Not in Original. 6 they

' for thij came, Since that all being

" Heir, altogether and at once of one Inheritance, 9 a younger

*¡ since the eldest Sister is Heir of all the other Sisters, if they die without heirs of themselves, if the could have the tVard of her Sisters or their Children, this would be " as is aforesaid

13 Witness the King at Nottingham the thirtieth Day of August.

* This Title and the Various Readings are from the Old Printed Copies. In MS. Colt. Vesp. B. VII. fo 31. is a Copy beginning Ç Rex,Õ and dated ¥ xiiij. Maii anno regni nostri xxiv.' which in other respefts nearly agrees with the Old Printed Copies. In Hawkins's Edition of the Statutes is a Copy printed as from some Cotton Manuscript beginning Ô RexÕ and ending Ô Anno regni nostri qoadragesimo.Õ In CayÕs Edition of the Statutes is a Copy printed from MS Colt. Claud. D II (fo. irj. b.) beginning ¥ Rex Õ without any Date. These two Copies nearly agree with the Text printed above from the Close Roll ; at does also an Instrument in TottellÕs Statutes, printed in 1538, fã ijS, q ; intituled, Ô Matut' de Homagio capiendo,Õ and beginning Ô Edwardus dei gratia,' but without any Date.

Certificate into Ireland of the Law of England as to Lauds descending to Coparceners.

For Lands holden in Chief of the Kinc, he hath Homage of all the Daughters:

with Ward and Marriage.

For Land

holden of others, the Lord hath Ward and Marriage of all the Daughters : but the eldest only doth Homage and Service.

The eldest Daughter shall not have Homage of the others.


6

Anno 37¡ HENRICI, III. A.D.1253.

fttntentia CrcommunkattontB SLata in Cransgresgorts Cartarum.

The SENTENCE of CURSE

Given by the Bishops, against the breakers of the Charters.

Sentence of Excommuni.cation against all the Breakers of the ChurchÕs Liberties, and of the Charters;

and against all Makers and Observers of Statutes in Contravcn- tion thereof.

THE Year of our Lord a thousand CC. liii, the third [Day '] of May, in the great Hall of the King at Westminster, In the presence and by the assent of the Lord Henry, by the grace of God King of England, and the [Lord:] Richard Earl of Cornwall his brother, Roger [Bigot] Earl of Norfolk and Suffolk, Marshall of England, Humfrey Earl of Hereford, Henry Earl of Oxford, John Earl [Warren,Õ] and other Estates of the Realm of England: We Boniface, by the mercy of God Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England, F. of London, H. of Ely, [S. of Worcester, E. of Lincoln,4] W. of Norwich, P. of Hereford, W. of Salisbury, W. of Durham, R. of Excester, [M.!] of Carlisle, W. of Bath, [E.6] of Rochester, T. of Saint Davids, Bishops, ap.parelled in pontificals, with tapers burning, against the Breakers of the ChurchÕs Liberties, and of the Liberties or [otherÕ] Customs of the Realm of England, and [namely *] of those which are contained in the Charter of the common Liberties of England, and Charter of the Forest, have (9) denounced the Sentence of Excommu.nication in this Form. By the Authority of Almighty God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and of the glorious Mother of God, and perpetual Virgin Mary, of the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, and of all Apostles, (l0) and of all Martyrs ("), of blessed Ed.ward King of England, (") and of all the Saints of Heaven; We excommunicate, accurse, and from the [Benefits'5] of our Holy Mother the Church, We se.quester, all those that hereafter willingly and maliciously deprive or spoil the Church of her right. And all those that by any craft or wyliness do violate, break, diminish, or change the ChurchÕs Liberties (Ô4) and free Customs, contained in the Charters of the common Liberties and of the Forest, granted by our Lord the King, to Arch.bishops, Bishops, and other Prelates of England ; and likewise to the Earls, Barons, Knights, and other Free.holders of the Realm; [And all that secretly, or openly by Deed, Word, or Counsel,'5] do make Statutes, or observe them being made, and that bring in Customs, or keep them when they be brought in, against the said Liberties, or any of them, [the Writers, Law makers, Counsellors,'6] and the Executors of them, and all those that shall presume to judge [against ÕÕ] them. All and every which Persons before mentioned, that wittingly shall commit any thing of the Premises, let them well know that they incur the foresaid Sentence, Ipso Faflo, i. upon the deed done. And those that [commit aught ignorantly,'5] and be admonished, except they reform themselves within fifteen days after the time of the

1 of the Ides

5 of Warwick

> S.

z Lord,

4 li. of Lincoln, IV. of Worcester 6 A. 7 free

8 especially * solemnly

40 of the blessed Thomas, /Irchbishop and Martyr, 11 of God

Ó and of all Confessors and Virgins, 15 thresholds

'* or the old approved Customs of the Realm, and chiefly the Liberties,

1 secretly or openly, by Deed, Word, or Counsel, rashly contravening them or any of them in any sir tide. Alto all those who 16 the Writers of such Statutes, the Counsellors, according to 18 ignorantly do to

Ex Lib. Rub. Scacc. fo. 184. *

ANNO Dili M.CC.Liij, iij¡ Idus Maii in [magna N*pCaniÈ aula apud Wes?1] sub presencia & assensu atiq's de Dili H. Dei gra illustris Angt, & dnorum R. Com Libtatibj k Comub fris sui, R. Com Norff & Suff Marescatt Angt, de H. Coni Heref, H. Com Oxofi, [J. Com War,5] & aliop optimatu regni Angt: Nos B. divina miserae&ne Cant Arch, tocius Angt Primas, F. London, H. Elyens,

R. Line, W. Wygorn, W. Nortvie, P. Hereford, W.

Sarr, W. Dunolm, R. Exon, S. Kart, W. Bathofi, L.

Roffens, Thom Menevens, Epi, pontificalib; induti, candet accensis, in transgressores libtatum ecctiasticap,

& libtatum seu libap consuetudinu regni Angt, & pre- cipue eap que continent' in carta comuniu libtatum regni & Carta de Foresta, Excoicaconis sentenciam solempni? tulim9 sub hac forma. Auftoritate Dei [pris omipotentis, & pris4] & filii & sps sci, & gloriose Dei genitricis sempq,, Virginis Marie, beatop Aptop Pet' &

Pauli omiu q, Aptop, beati Thom Archiepi & Martiris, omift q, Martirum [Dei,5] bi Edwardi Reg Angt, omium q, confessop atqs Virginu, oinium q scop Dei; excoicam9, [& anetematizam9,6] & a liminib; see ma- tris Ecctie sequestram9, omes illos qui amodo scien?

& maliciose Ecctias privavW vt spoliavW suo jure.

Item omes illos qui ecctiasticas libtates vt antiquas reg.ni consuetudines appbatas, & pcipue libtates & hbas consuetudines que in cartis coniium libtatum & de fo.resta continent', concessis a Dho Rege Archiepis, Epis,

& ce?is Angt p'latis, Comitib3, Baronib3, Militib3, & libe tentib3, quacumq, arte vt ingenio violavint, inffe- g?int, diminSint seu immutavW, clam vt pala, fafto, verbo vt consilio cont* illas vt eap aliquam in quo- cunq articulo tenJe veniendo. Item omes illos qui cont" illas, vt eap aliq*, statuta [aliquaÕ] edidert vt edita svavint, [&"] consuetudines introduxfint vt ser- vavW introductas. scriptores statutop necnon [con- siliatores9] k executores [& ,0] qui sedm ea p*sump- sint judicare qui omes & singti sujPius memorati hanc sentenciam incursuros se novint ipo fco qui scient" aliqd comi?int de predCis. Oui vero ignorant nisi [co- niiti"] infra quindenam a tempe comonieonis se

1 The following Various Readings arc from an Exemplification or Transcript of this Sentence, still preserved in the Archives of the Cathedral of Wells i with the Labels and some Fragments of the Seals of the Archbishop and the Fourteen Bishops remaining annexed, and indorsed thus;

Excoicacio gefiat, In venientes cont* libtates contcta* in Magna Carta libtatu Anglie he de Foresta.

1 majori aula Regia Wcstmonas?ii 3 J. Comitis Warwyk 4 omipotentis pri,

i'v 6 anatematizams

^ >omitted

* Qsiliarios Ò comoniti

q

37¡ Hen. III. Sententia Excom.

7

correxlint, & arbitrio ordinariop (") satisfecerint de comissis extunc sint hac sentencia involuti. Eadem eciam sentencia innodam9 [illos qui qui ÒJ pace Reg & regni p'sumpSint pturbare. In cuj9 rei memoriam sempirnam nos signa nra (,J) duxim9 apponenda. (a) it plene " oms illos qui

¥i psentib}

Admonition, and make full Satisfaction for that they have done, at the will of the Ordinary, shall be from that time forth wrapped in the same Sentence. And with the same Sentence We burden all those that pre.sume to perturb the peace of our Sovereign Lord the King, and of the Realm. To the perpetual Memory of which thing, We the aforesaid Prelates have put our Seals to these Presents.

(a) Ex Rot. Pat. 37 H. III. m. I 2. J.

No9int univsi qd Dns H. Rex Angt Illusts, R. Com Norff, 8c Maresc Angt, H. Com Hereford 8c Essex, J. Com de Warrewic, Petr9 de Sabaud, cePiq Magnates Angt consense- runt i sniam excois geSali? latam ap Wes tin Pcio decimo die Maii anno regni Reg $dci xxxvij¡, in hÕc for* sett; qd vinculo flfate snie ligent' onis venientes con* Libtates contntas in cartis comuniu Libtatu Angt 8c de Foresta, 8c oms qui Libtates Ecctie Anglicane, tpibj Dni Reg 8c pdecessop suoy Regum Angt optentas 8c usitatas, scien? 8c malirose violavint aut infringe ^sumppint. Et oms illi qui pace Dni Reg 8c regni pt'bavÕint, Sc sitr oms qui Jura 8c Libtates Reg 8c regni diini- nuere infringe seu inmutare psumpsint. Et qd oms veni.entes con* pmissa vt top aliq* ignoranP, & legitime moniti inf* quindena p9t monicoem pmissa dcam t*nsg!ssione no emendaPint extuc pdee snie excois subjacebut. Ita tn qd

dns Rex tÕnsgssidem ilia p considacoem Curie sue faciat emendari. Sciendu au qd si i sc'pt'is sup cade snia a qbj- cuq,confcis seu coficiendis, aliud vt ali? appoitum vt adje£tum f Sit, aut articti aliqui alii in eis contenti inveniant', Dns Rex & pdei Magnates oms, 8c coitas popti ptestant' publiee in ^sencia vefilab prm U. Di gra Can! Arch, toci9 Angt Prim, nc no 8c Epop ofnium, i code colloq'o existneiu, qd in ea nuq1 consenserut nc consenciut, set de piano eis cont*- dicut. PrePea pfat9 Dns Rex, in placone pfate snie, oms Libtates 8c cosuetudines regni nri antiqÕs 8c usitatas, 8c dig - nitates 8c Jura corone sue, ore pp'o spatr s' 8c regno suo salvavit & excepit. In cujÕ rei memoria 8c in posPum Pitatis testim, tarn Dns Rex q*m fJdci Comites ad instantia aliop magnatu 8c popti, psenti sc'pto sigilla sua apposunt.

Anno 40¡ HENRICI, III. A.D.1256.

De anno Btsejttli et 2>fe.*

A PROVISION for the Day in LEAP-YEAR.

Ex Lib. Rub. Scacc. JVestm.fo. 197, b.

Hdi gra Rex Angt Dns Hyfen Dux Norm Aquit ¥ & Com And, Justic suis de Banco, Saltm. Sciatis qd cum in regno nro de anno & die, qui lan- guidis p bfe nfin [de rco'] inplacitatis pfigi cosuevit, q¡mÒ scitt, & a quo die anni p>cedntis in alium diem anni seqntis debuit annus ille & dies in anno bisextili accipi & coputari, diu exstitit dubitatum : Nos, volentes uniformitatc ubiq, in regno nro sup hoc obÕSvari, & pictis litigancium p*caveri, pvidimus, & de consilio fideliu nrojt statuim9, qd ad delendam de ce?o oem sup hoc ambiguitate, conputetur dies exeÕseens in anno bisextili in ipo anno ; Ita qd pp diem ilium no occa- sionentÕ aliqui inplacitati, set sit & fleatur de mense illo in quo exSscit; & cotineat' dies ille exeÕseens in integrate anni p>dCi; & coputent' dies ille & dies pximÓ pcedens p unico die. Et ido vob mandam9 qd hoc coram vob publicari, & de ce?o faciatis ob'svari. T. me ipo apd Wyndesor [ix¡ die Maii a. r. n. xlmV]

1 Lib. Scacc. X; MS. Cott; and Printed Copies omit.

* q*rto die Junii, Anno Regni nri Q'nq*gesimo q*rto. Lib. Scacc. X.

rnriHE KINGÕ] unto his Justices of the Bench, L X Greeting. Know Ye, That where within our Realm [of England,] it [was Ô] doubted of the Year and Day that were wont to be assigned unto sick Per.sons being impleaded, [when*] and from what Day of the Year going before unto another Day of the Year following, the Year and Day in a Leap-Year ought to be taken and reckoned [how long it was :*] We there.fore, willing that a Conformity be observed in this be- half every where within our Realm, and to avoid all Danger from such as be in Plea, have provided, and by the Counsel of our faithful Subjects have ordained, That, to take away from henceforth all [Doubt and J] Ambiguity that might arise hereupon, the Day increas.ing in the Leap-Year shall be accounted [for one year,4] so that because of that Day none shall be prejudiced that is impleaded, but it shall be taken and reckoned of the same Month wherein it groweth ; (6) and that Day, and the Day next going before, shall be accounted for one Day. And therefore We do command you, that from henceforth you do cause this to be published afore you, and to be observed. Witness Myself [at Westminster, 8cc.7]

1 Henry by the Grace of God King of England, Lord of Ireland. Duke of Normandy, Guyan, and Earl of Xnjou,

Õ hath been long J by our IVril of Right: to wit, how

* Not in Original. s in the same Year

* and that increasing Day shall be contained i* the entirety of the Tear aforesaid;

7 at Windsor, the ninth day of May in the Fortieth year of our Reign.

The Extra Day in Leap-Year and the Day preceding shall be reckoned a> one Day

* ITiis Title is from the Copy in Lib. Scacc JVestm. X fo it. b, which begins with the Word * Rex.Õ The Old Printed Copies of the Statutes attribute this Article to the list Year of Henry III. In HawkinsÕs Edition of the Statutes, and in the subsequent Editions, is a Copy printed from MS. Cott. Claud. D. II. (fo aj8. b.) beginning * Rex,' and ending Ô Teste me ipso apud Wcstm' anno regni Regis H. quadragesimo quarto.Õ


8

In Margine RotuU,

Slat. Marti. IX.

Who shall do Suits of Court.

Suits of Court by Parceners.

The Tenant's Remedy against the Lord, distraining for Suits not due.

Anno 43¡ HENRICI, III. A. D. 1259.

#Õtoigtonft>3 fete pÕ iSitqt $ Consttiu suu.

PROVISIONS made by The

i

N the Year of the Incarnation of Our Lord, One thousand j two hundred and fifty-nine, and the Forty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Son of King John, there being assembled at Westminster in the Fifteenth of Saint Michael, our said Lord the King and his Great Men, by the common Counsel and Consent of the said King and Great Men, the underwritten Provisions were made by the same King and great Men, and were published in manner following.

OF Doing Suits, unto the Courts of the Great Men and others the Lords of those Courts, It is Provided and with full consent Ordained, That no Man who hath been infeotfed by Deed shall be distrained from henceforth to do suit unto the Court of his Lord, unless he be specially bounden to do suit by the Form of his Deed: Except those whose Ancestors or who themselves have used to do such Suit, before the first Voyage of the said Lord the King into Brittany j from the time whereof there have passed Twenty-nine Years and a half at the time of making this Ordinance ; and in like manner no man infeoffed without Deed front the time of the Conqueft, or by other ancient Feoffment, shall be distrained to do such Suit ¥, unless he or his Ancestors have used to do the same, before the first Voyage of the said Lord the King into Brittany.

And if any Inheritance wherefrom only one Suit was due, shall descend unto many Heirs, as Parceners thereof, he that hath the elderÕs Share of that Inheritance shall do one Suit for himself and his Coparceners j and his Coparceners shall contribute after their Shares, to the doing of that Suit. And in like manner if many shall have been infeoffed of any Inheri.tance wherefrom one Suit were due, the Lord of that Fee shall have but one Suit therefrom; nor can he cxa£t more than one Suit from the said Inheritance, as it hath been used to be done before. And if the Persons infeoffed have no Warrantor or Mean who ought to acquit them thereof, then all of them shall contribute after their Shares, to the doing of that Suit.

And if it happen that the Lords of Courts do distrain their Tenants for such Suit, contrary to this Provision, then upon the complaint of those Tenants they shall be attached to appear in the KingÕs Court at a short day to answer therefore; and they shall have but one Essoign if they be within the Realm; and the Cattle or other Distresses taken upon this occasion shall be delivered to the Plaintiff forthwith, and shall remain delivered until the Plea between them be ended. And if the Lords of the Courts who have made such Distresses, shall not appear at the day whereto they were at.tached, or shall not keep the day given to them upon the Essoin, then the Sheriff shall be commanded to cause them to come upon another day ; at which day if they come not, the Sheriff shall be commanded to distrain them by all that they possess within his Bailiwick, so that he shall answer to the King for the Issues, and to have their Bodies by a cer.tain Day to be prefixed, so that if they should not come upon that Day, the Party Plaintiff may go thence without day ;

KING AND His COUNCIL.

Ex Rot. Claus. 44 H. III. m. 17, d.

ANNO ab incarnacone Dni M¡C"C.L¡. nono, Regni aut H. regis fit Reg Johnis xliij0, Convenientibj apd Westm in quindena s?i Mictiis ipo Dno Rege & Magnatibj suis, de comuni consilio & consensu dcop Reg & Magnatum fade sunt pvisiones subscripte p ipos Rege & Magnates & puplicate in hunc modu. (a) De Sectis faciendis ad Cur Magnatu & aliop Dnop iparu Cur, [p visum est & concordi? statutu qd Õ] nul- lus qui p Cartam feofatus est distringatur de ce?o ad sectam faciendam ad Cur Dni sui, nisi p formam Carte sue speciatr teneatur ad sedtam faciendam (Õ): Hiis tn exceptis quop ancessores vt ipimet hupmoi sedtam facere cosueverut, ante p'mam transfretacom dci Dni Reg in Britanniam, a tempe cuj9 triisfretaconis elapsi fueriit [xx" & novem anni & dimid3] tempore quo hec constituent fadta fuit; A- simitr nullus feofatus sine carta a tempore coquestus vt alio antiquo feofairito distringatur ad huj9moi sectam facienda ; nisi ipe vt anrecessores sui earn facere cosueverut ante pÕmam transfretacom dd Dili Reg in Brit.

Et si hereditas aliqÓ de qua tantu una sedta debe- batur ad plures heredes pticipes ej'de (4) devolvat', ille qui tit einesciam hereditatis illius unica faciat sec.tam p se & pticipibj suis ; & (s) participes sui p por- cbne sua cotribufit ad sedtam illam faciendam. Simtr etiam si ptes feofati fuerit de hereditate aliqua de qua unica sedta debebatur, dns illius feodi unicam tieat inde sedtam, nec possit de p-dca hereditate nisi unicam sedtam exigere, sicut fieri pÕus consuevit. Et si feofati illi warantu vt mediu no tieant qui inde eos acquietare debeat, tuc onies feofati cotribuant p porebne sua ad sedtam illam faciendam.

Si aut contingat qd Dni Cur tenentes suos corn* hanc pvisione p huj9moi sedta distringant, tuc ad que- rimoniam tenenciu illorvi attachicntur qd ad Cur Regis veniant ad breve diem inde responsuri; & unicu tieant essofi si fuerint in regno; & icontinenti delibent' con- querenti averia sive districcbnes alie hac occasione fee, & delibata remaneat donee placitu inf eos terminet'. Et si Dni Cur qui districcbnes huj^moi fedint, ad diem ad quern attachiati fuerit no venint, vt diem p essofi sibi datu no observavint, tunc mandet' Vic qd eos ad die [illu 6] venire fac ; ad que diem si no ve- Sint, mandetur Vic qd distringat eos p omnia que tint in battia sua, ita qd Regi respondeat de exitibj, & qd heat eor corpora ad certfi diem pTigend, Ita qd si die illo no veSint pars coquerens eat inde sine die; 1 de ce?o sic obUvandum est, qd sett 1 ad Curiam dni sui. Õ triginta & duo anni

4 heditatis 5 alii 6 alium

(a) Ex Rot. Pal. 47 H. HI. m. 14. in CeJuIa.

Anno Dni M¡CC¡ se.xagesimo sedo, Regni autem Dni H. Reg fit Reg Jotiis xlvij, de mera 8c lifea voluntate ipius Dm Reg, k in plena k litia potestate ipius, in?veniente consilio fidclium suop, edue sunt p ipm Driin Regem psticucoes subsc ptc, ad reformuedem 8c melioracom regni sui 8c p ipm publicate ac ob^vaebni genlatr sua aut'te demandate.

The Variations and Additions in this Patent Roll, as compared with the Close Roll, from which the Text of the Provisions is given, are inserted in the Notes to the several Chapters of these Provisions. There is a difference between the Rolls in the Arrangement of some of the Clauses. The Roman Numerals in the Margin of the Translation refer to the corresponding Chapters in the Statute of Marlborough 5a Hen III


J.DW59.

43¡ Hen. III. Provisions.

9

l|

P

i

4

dL

si

ne

a

I

P

|S0

he

in

si

SB

It.

*.)

Ç¥

Of.

sir

F

a

IB

is

Dt

si!

ir

(¥

i

1

l-

I

I

& averia sive alie districc6nes delibata remaneant do.nee ipi Dili seftam illam recupaverit p consideraciim Curie Dni Regis; & cessent interi districcones huj9- moi: salvo Diiis Cur jure suo de seftis illis pquirend in forma jur cum inde loqui volSint. Et cu Dni Cur veSint responsuri coquerentibj de huj9moi dis- triccbnib}, [si'] sup hoc covincant', tuc p considera- £&m Cur (*) recupent cdquerentes versus eos dampna sua que susrinuert ocasione p*dCe districcbis. Simili aute modo si tenentes, post hanc constituc&m subt*- hant Dais suis seftas quas fa?e debent, & quas ante tempus supradCe transfretaconis & hactenus facere cosuePut, p eande justiciani & eeleritate, quo ad dies pfigendos & districcones adjudicandas, conseq*ntur Diii Cur justiciam de sedlis illis, una cu dampnis suis, queadmod tenentes sua dampna recupant. Et hoc silt de dampnis recupandis intelligatur de [sub- tracc&ibus sibi ftfis, et non deJ] subtraccoibj feis pre- decessoribj ipoji: Verumptii Dni Cur versus ten suos seisinam de seftis huj9moi recupare no poterunt p de- faltam, sicut nec ha&enus fieri cosuevit. De settis aute que ante [tempus supradSe transfretacois *] subtrade fuert currat lex comunis sicut prius currere cosuevit.

De [Tumo!] Vic pvisum est ut nefee non fieant ibi venire Archiepi, Epi, Abbes, Priores, Comites, Barones, [nec6] aliqui religiosi (7) seu mires, nisi spe.cial eor jPsencia exigatur; set teneatur Turnus sicut tempo rib} pdecessoj; Dni Reg tenli consuevit. Et si qui in hundred divÕsis beant tenementa, no beant neCfce ad huj9moi [tumu8] venire, nisi in batiis ubi fuerint coversantes: Et teneantur Turni sedm, formam Magne Carte Regis, & sicut temporib} Regu Jobnis & Rici teneri consueverunt.

Pvisum est eciam, qd nec in itinere JustiS nec in [Comitatib}Õ] nec in Cur Baronu, de cetero ab ali- quib} recipiantur fines p pulcre placitando, neq^ p sic qd no occasionentur. (,0)

In placito vero Doris quod dicitur unde nicb hf, demur de cetero quatuor dies p annu ad minus, & plures si comode fieri posset; (").

In assTs ultie psentacois, & in placito quare impedit de ecctiis vacantibj, detur dies de quindena in quin- dena, vt de trib} septim in tres septimanas, put locus ppinquus fSit vt remotus. Et in placito QÕre impedit si ad pÔmu diem ad quern sumonitus fuerit no veniat nec esson mittat [Impeditor, tunc attachiet' ad diem aliu, quo die si no venht nec esson mittatdistrin- gatur p magnam districcom supius dcam. Et si tuc no venerit, p ejus defaltam scribatur epo qd reclamaco impeditoris ilia vice coquereti no obsistat; salvo im- peditori alias jure suo cum inde loqui voluerit. (,3).

1 & 1 Dni Reg

1 Inserted in the Margin of the Close Roll. 4 tempus supMcm 1 Tumis 6 vt ,7 viri

1 turnos È Coin, Hundr,

Ò Et sciend qd p istam pstitucoem non tollunt' fines cti seu pstacoes arentate a tempe quo p'mo Dns Rex t*nsfreta?it in Brit usq, nuc.

" Ita qd habeantr sex dies p annum vt q'nq, ad minš.

Ò Inserted in the Margin of the Close Roll.

and the Cattle or other Distresses shall remain delivered until those Lords shall recover that Suit by Award of the Court of our Lord the King; and in the mean time such Distresses shall cease : Saving to the Lords of the Courts their Right to recover those Suits in form of Law, when they will sue there.fore. And when the Lords of the Courts shall appear to answer unto the Plaintiffs for such Distresses, if they be there.upon convi&ed, then by the Award of the Court, the Plain.tiffs shall recover against them their Damages, which they have sustained by occasion of the aforesaid Distress. And in like manner, if Tenants, after this Afcl, do withdraw from their Lords the Suits which they ought to do, and which before the time of the aforesaid Voyage and hitherto they have used to do, the Lords of the Courts shall obtain Justice to recover their Suits, together with their Damages, by the same process and dispatch, in respedf of appointment of Days and awarding of Distresses, like as the Tenants do recover their Damages. And this matter of recovering Damages must be understood of the withdrawings done to themselves, and not of the with- drawings done to their Predecessors: Nevertheless the Lords of the Courts shall not recover Seisin of such Suits against their Tenants by Default; as that hath not been the Custom hitherto. And concerning the Suits that were withdrawn before the time of the aforesaid Voyage, let the Common Law have its course, as it hath used to have before.

CONCERNING The SheriffÕs Turn, It is Provided that Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, Barons, shall not be obliged to come thither, nor any Men of Religion, or Wo.men, unless their Presence be specially required; but the Turn shall lie holden as it was wont to be in the times of our Lord the KingÕs Predecessors. And where any do hold Tenements in divers Hundreds, they snail not be obliged to come to such Turn except in the Bailiwicks where they shall dwell: And the Turns shall be holden according to the form of the KingÕs Great Charter, and as they were wont to be holden in the times of King John and King Richard.

IT is also Provided that neither in the Circuit of Justicers, nor in the County and Huudred Courts, nor in the Courts Ba.ron, shall Fines be taken of any from henceforth for Fair Pleading, nor for not be ng troubled on that account.

IN the Plea of Dower that is called Unde nihil habit, from henceforth there shall be given Four Days in the Year at the least, and more if it may be conveniently done.

In Assises of Darrein Presentment, and in the Plea of Quare Impedit of Churches vacant, the Day shall be given from Fif.teen Days to Fifteen Days, or from Three Weeks to Three Weeks, according as the Place may be far or near. And in the Plea of Quare Impedit, if the Disturber come not at the first Day for which he shall have been summoned, nor cast an Es3oin, then he shall be attached unto another Day, on which Day if he come not nor cast an Essoin, he shall be dis.trained by the great Distress above mentioned. And if he come not then, upon his Default the Bishop shall be written to, that the Claim of the Disturber shall not obstruft the Plaintiff- for that Term ; saving unto the Disturber his Right at another time, when he will sue therefore.

The LordÕs

Remedy

against the

Tenants,

withholding

their due

Suits.

X.

Exemptions from attend.ing the SheriffÕs Turn.

XI.

No Fines for Beaupleder.

XII.

Of Days in Court ; in Dower;

Days in Court in Darrein Presentment and Quare Impedit.

Sm. Marti. XIII.

11 The following Clauses are inserted in this Place on the Patent Roll:

Eadem Lex de attachiamentis faciend in omibj brevibj ubi attachiamenta jacent, decePo q"ad districcoes firmi? ob^vet'. Ita tii qd sedm attachiamentu sit p meliores pleg postmodum ultima dist'cco. Et sciend qd cu aliquis posuit se in inquisicom aliqÕm que enlgit vt que enlge potest in hši brevib) non hebit nisi unicu esson vt unicam defalta. Ita scit qd si ad diem s' datum p esson suu non vefiit, aut sedam defaltam fecit, tunc inquisico ilia p defaltam ipius capiat' & sedm inquisicom illam ad judicium peedat'. Si 9o inquisico ilia capta fslit in Com, coram coronatorib; vt Justic Dni Reg ad ctum die remittenda, & ps rea non veflit ad diem ilium, tunc pp? defaltam ipius assignet' ei sedm disccom Justic alius dies, & mandet' vie qd ad diem ilium faciat ipm venire, ad audiendum judm suum [si velit, sedm inquisicom ilia 'È]; ad quem diem si non veliit peedat' ad judiciu p defaltam suam. Eodem m¡ fiat si non vefilit ad diem datum s' p esson sail.

Ò Interlined on the Roll.

Voi.. I.

D


XIV.

Exemption* from June*.

XVI.

The Heir'* Remedy after Wardship, for Lands with-held.

Simple Seisin only shall be taken of an Heir of full Age.

Damages to the Heir.

XV.

In what Places Distresses shall not be taken.

XVII. Duty of Guardians in Socage.

XVIII. Amercements for Defaults restrained.

Purchases of Religious Houses restrained.

XX.

In County Courts, 8cc. Essoin need not be sworn.

XIX.

Pleas of false Judgment confined to the KingÕs Courts.

XXI.

Sheriffs shall, upon Plaint, make Replevins.

CONCERNING Charters of Exemption and Privilege, that the Purchasers shall not be impanelled in Assises, Juries, or Recognitions, It is Provided, That if their Oath should be so necessary, that without it Justice could not be administered, as in the great Assise and Perambulations, and where they may have been named as Witnesses in Charters, or Writings of Covenants, or in Attaints or other like Cases, they shall be compelled to swear; saving unto them at another time their aforesaid Privilege and Exemption.

IP any Heir should be under age after the death of his Ancestor, and his Lord have the Wardship of his Lands, if that Lord will not render unto the said Heir his Lands when he cometh to lawful Age, without Plea, the Heir shall recover his Land as from the death of his Ancestor, together with the Damages that he shall have sustained by that withholding from the time of his coming to lawful Age ; and if an Heir at the time of his AncestorÕs death be of full age, and such Heir, apparent and known to be the Heir, be found in the Inheritance, his Chief Lord shall not put him out, nor take or remove any thing therefrom, but shall take simple Seisin only for the acknowledgement of his Seigniory.

And if a Chief Lord do maliciously keep such an Heir out of the Possession, whereby it behoveth him to proceed by an aftion of Mortdancestor or Cosinage, then he shall recover his Damages, as in the aft ion of Novel Disseisin.

NO Man from henceforth shall be permitted, for any man.ner of cause, to make Distresses out of his Fee, nor in the KingÕs or common Highway, except our Lord the King and his Officers.

IT is also Provided, That where Land that is holden in Socage is in the custody of an Heir's Kinsfolk, because the Heirs were within age, those Guardians cannot make Waste or Sale or any despoiling in that Inheritance, but shall keep it safely for the use of the Heir: So that when he shall come to age, they shall answer unto him by a lawful account for the Issues of the said Inheritance ; saving unto those Guardians their reasonable expenses. Neither can the said Guardians give or sell the Marriage of the said Heir, but for the benefit of the Heir himself.

NO Escheator, or Commissioner, or Justice, especially assigned to take any Assizes, or to hear and determine any complaints, shall from henceforth have authority to amerce for Default of the common summons, except the Chief Justice or Justices in Eyre in their Circuits.

IT shall not be lawful for Men of Religion to enter into any ManÕs Fee, without the licence of the Chief Lord of whom the Fee is immediately holden.

CONCERNING Essoins it is Provided, That in the County or Hundred Courts, or Courts Baron, or elsewhere, no Man shall be obliged to swear for the warranting of his Essoin.

NONE but the King from henceforth shall hold Plea in his Court of a false Judgement given in the Court of his Tenants; because such Pleas do especially belong to the KingÕs Crown and Dignity.

IT is Provided also, That if any man's Cattle be taken and unjustly detained, the Sheriff after Complaint thereof made unto him, may deliver them, without let or gainsaying of him who took the said Cattle, if they were taken without Liberties ; and if such Cattle should be taken within Liberties, and the Bailiffs of the Liberties will not deliver them, then the Sheriff, for the default of the said Bailiffs, shall cause them to be delivered.

[1 De Cards v" exempeonis & libtatis ne ponant' im- petrantes in ass juratis vt recognicoibj, pvisum est, ut si adeo necessariu sit eor Juramentu qd sine eo Justicia exhitii non possit, veluti in magna assisa [& Õ] pam. bulacoib} & ubi in cartis vt [scriptris!] cbvencionu fuerint testes noiati, aut I attinftis vt casib3 aliis cosi. milibr, jurare cogantr; salva sibi alias libtate & exemp. cone sua p*dca.4]

Si heres aliquis post morte sui antecessoris infra etate extiPit, & dns suus Custodiam frar suaru tiuerit, si dns ille dco heredi cu ad legittimam etate pvenerit terram suam sine placito reddere noluerit, heres ille terrain suam ut de morte sui antecessoris recupabit, una cum dampnis (5) que susrinuerit [p6] illatn deten- cbm a tempe quo legittime f&it etatis ; qd si heres (7) in morte sui antecessoris plene tint etaris, & heres ille apparens & p herede cognit9 inventus [sit 8] in he- reditate ilia, Capital dns ejus eu no eiciat, nec aliquid ibi capiat vt amoveat, sj tantu simplice seisinam (9) faciat p recognicone dominii sui.

[Et si capitat dns hedem huj9moi ext* seisÒm mali- cose teneat, p quod p accom mortis ancesoris vt qsagui- nitatis oporteat ipm placitare, tuc dampna sua recupet sicut 1 accbe nove disseisine.1"]

[Nulli decetero liceat ex qÔcumqs causa districcbnes facere ext* feodum sun, neq^ in regia aut cbi strata, nisi Dno Regi & ministris suis."]

.Pvisum est eciam, qd si terra que tenetÕ in [soca- giu sit in custodia parentu heredis, eo qd [heredes infra etate fuerint,'3] custodes illi vastum facere no pos- sunt neq^ vendiebnem nec aliqÕm destruccbm de heredi- tate ilia, set salvo earn custodiant ad opus dci heredis: Ita qd cum ad etatem pvenit sibi respondeant p legit.timam computacbm de exitib} dee hereditatis; salvis ipis custodibj racionabilib} misis suis. Nec eciam pos.sum dci custodes maritagiu dci heredis dare vt vendere nisi ad comodum ipius heredis.

Nullus Escaetor, aut Inquisitor, vt Justic ad ass aliquas capiendas speciatr assignatus vt ad querelas aliquas audiendas & tminandas de cetero potestatem heant (M) aniciandi p defalta comunis sumoniebis, nisi capitat Justic vt Justiciar itinerantes in itineribj suis.

[Viris autem religiosis no liceat ingredi feodu ali- cujus sine licencia capitat dtli, de quo silt res ipa im.mediate tenetÕ.Õ3]

De Essoniis auto pvisum est qd in Comitatibj hun- dredis aut cuf Baronii, vt alibi, nullus beat necesse jurare p essonio suo warantizando.

[Nullus deceto excepto Rege placitu teneat I Cur sua de fto judicb tco in cur teheiu suo£; q3 huj9moi placita ad corona spatr ptinent & dignitate (,6) Regis.'7] .Pvisum est eciam qd si averia alicujus capiantÕ & injuste detineantÕ, Vic post queremoniam inde sibi faftam, ea sine impedimento vt contradiccone ejus qui dca averia [cepit,!] delibare possit, si ext* libtates capta fuerit; & si infra libtates huj9moi capiantÕ averia, & batti libtatu ea deliberare noluerint, tuc Vic, [p defcm Õ7] dcop battiop,ea fac delibari.

1Ñ* On the Patent Roll thi* is the concluding Clause of the Provisions. 5 in

3 sc'ptis 5 suis 6 ppP

i aliquis 8 fuit 7 inde

Inserted in the Margin of the Close Roll.

11 On the Patent Roll this Sentence precedes that beginning Ò Si Heres aliquis post mortem Ó line 9. of this page.

.È Socagio 17 heres infra etatem extirit

aliquem 15 Rot.Pat. omits this Clause. 16 dni

17 A Reference is made on the Close Roll for inserting this Clause in this place j which agrees with the Order of the Clauses on the

Patent Roll. '* cepit "> p defeu


43¡ Hen. III. Provisions.

i

i

V

i

L

v

n

Ç,

n

It

Ç,

s.

Õl

n

b

i

B

i

P

a

a

its

a

ji.

ki

>%

at

is

b

n

lis

is,

i

li.

st

[' Nullus decePo distringere possit libe tenrntes suos ad respondendti de litoo tenemento suo, neqs de aliquib} ad libm tenemtum suum speftantib}, sine bri (*) Reg; nec jurare faC libe tenentes [suos Õ] cont* volutatem suit; desicut nullus hoc facere potest sine pcepto (4) Reg.5]

Pvisutn est eciatn, qd si batti qui compotu dnis suis reddere ten5tr se subtraxerint, & terras vt tenemta no habuerint p que distringi possint, tunc p eor corpora attachient'; Ita qd ViC in quoru ballivis invenient' eos venire fad ad compotu suu reddendum.

It Firmarii tempore suarii firmarii vastu vt vendico- nem vt exiliu no faciant de boscis, domib}, hoiby, nec de aliis aliquibj ad tenemta, que ad firms huerint, spedantibj; nisi specialem beant concessionem p scrip- turam sue covencionis mencom bntis qd hoc facere possint. Et si fecerint, & de hoc convincantur, dampna plene refundant.

Justiciar itinerantes deceto no amerciant villatas in itinere suo, p eo qd singuli xij. annoru no veSint cora Vic & Coronatoribj ad inquisicones de morte hoinis aut aliis ad corona [ptinentibj;6] dum tame de villis illis veniant sufficienter p quos inquisicones huj9moi plene fieri possint.

Murdru decePo non adjudicetur coram Justic ubi infortuniu tantumodo adjudicatu est: set locum beat murdr in interfeis p feloniam, & n5 aliter.

Fvisum est insup qd nullus, qui coram Justic iti- nerantibj vocatur ad warantu de placito tre vtte- nefriti, amerciet' decePo p eo qd psens no fuerit, (Õ) excepto p'mo die adventus ipojs Justic: Set si warant9 ille sit infra Com, tunc injungatur Vic qd ipm infra diem terciti vt quartu sedm locoru distanciam fac venire sicut in itiroe justiciar fieri consuevit: Et si ext* Com maneat, tunc racionabile beat sfimonicSm xv. dieru ad minus sedm discrec&nem Justiciar & legem comune.

Si clericus aliquis p c'mine aliquo vt retto, quod ad coronam ptineat, arestatus fuerit, & postmodu de pcepto (*) Reg in battiu traditus vt replegiatus extiterit ita qd hii quibj [traditur9] in balliu eum beant coram JustiC non amercient' decetero illi quibj traditus fuit in balliu, [vtl0] alii plegii sui, si corpus suu beant coram Justic, licet cora cis ppP pPvilegium clericale respondere nolit vt no possit. (") ('*)

.Ñ5 On the Patent Roll this Clause follows the Clause with which the Close Roll concludes.

. dm 1 Rot. Pat. omits. * dni

* spe&antibj 7 q*ndo vocatÕ ad warantum,

* dni È tadit51 fuit lo nec

NO Man from henceforth shall distrain his free Tenants to answer for their Freehold, nor for any matters pertaining to their Freehold, without the King's Writ; nor shall cause his free Tenants to swear against their will: For none can do this without a precept of the King.

IT is Provided also, That if bailiffs who are bounden to render account unto their Lords shall withdraw themselves, and have no Lands or Tenements whereby they may be dis.trained, then they shall be attached by their Bodies ; so that the Sheriffs in whose Bailiwicks they shall be found, shall cause them to come to the rendering of their Account.

Also Farmers during their Farms, shall not make Waste, or Sale, or Exile, in Woods, Houses, Men, or in any thing else belonging to the Tenements which they have to farm; unless they have a special grant in the writing of their Co.venant, making mention that they may do so. And if they do, and be convided thereof, they shall restore Damages in full.

THE Justices in Eyre from henceforth shall not amerce the Township in their Circuit, because all that are twelve years old do not appear before the Sheriffs and Coroners upon Inquests for the Death of Man, or other things pertaining to the Crown ; so that from those Townships there come enough for the making of such Inquests fully.

THE Fine of Murder from henceforth shall not be adjudged before the Justices, where it hath been adjudged to be Mis.fortune only : But the Fine of Murder shall hold place upon those slain feloniously, and not otherwise.

IT is moreover Provided, That no Man who is vouched to Warranty before the Justices in Eyre, in a Plea of Land or Tenement, shall from henceforth be amerced because he was not present, save on the first day of the coming of the Jus.tices: But if the Vouchee be within the County, then the Sheriff shall be enjoined to cause him to come within the third or fourth day, according to the distance of the places, as it was wont to be in the Circuit of the Justices : And if he dwell without the County, then he shall have a reasonable Summons of Fifteen Days at the least, according to the Discretion of the Justices and the Common Law.

IF any Clerk should be arrested for any Crime or Charge that toucheth the Crown, and afterwards by the KingÕs Pre.cept, be let to Bail, or be replevied, so that those to whom he is let to Bail should have him before the Justices, from hence.forth they to whom he hath been let to Bail, or his other Pledges shall not be amerced, if they have his Body before the Justices, although he will not or cannot make answer before them by reason of the Privilege of Clergy.

XXII.

Compelling Freeholders to answer, kc.

XXIII.

Remedy

against

Accountants.

Farmer* shall do no Watte.

Damages.

XXIV. Attendance of those of I i Years old on Inquests.

XXV. Fine of Murder.

XXVI. Of the WarrantorÕs Appearance in Eyre.

XXVII Of a ClerkÕs Bail on his refusing to answer.

IT

j " Here follows on the Patent Roll the Clause beginning 11 Nullus de cetero distringere possit Ó (See note t__5. in this page )__

Then are inserted two Clauses: viz.

Stai.MtrS. pvisum est eciam qd si depdacoes vt rapine alique fiant afetiib; aut aliis plati3 eccÕsticis & ipi Jus suum de h9i depdatxjnibj

XXVIII. psequentes morte pveniant' ante qÕm inde justiciam funt assecuti, successotes eop accom heant ad bona Eccte sue de manib; h'i tÕnsgressoj repetenda. Similem insup accoem habeant successores de hiis que domui &c eccte sue recen? ante obitum f!dcccsso^ suoj p hri violenciam fuint subt £ta, licet jJdci (Jdecessores Jus suu psecuti non fuint in vita sua. Si autem in Pras Sc ten h5i religiosoj de quibj eos plati oblint seis, itt de jure eccte sue, aliqui se intrudant tempe vacacois, eo^ successores bre heant de recupanda seisina sua & adjudicent' eis dampna sicut in nova diss adjudicari consuevunt.

hat Marti. pvisum est cciam qd alienacoes ille, de quibj bie de ingressu dari psuevit, p tot gradus fiant qd bfe ittd in forma prius

XXIX. usitata heri non possit, heat bre 9querens ad recipiend seis suam sine menside gÕduum ad cujscumq, manus p hsi alienacoes res ilia deveflit, p originalia p consiliu reg inde pvidenda.

Then follows the Clause beginning Ò De Cartis vero exempeonisÓ (See page to, note 1Ñ4.): After which the Patrnt Roll

concludes thus:ÑEt mand est vie Norff Sc Suffqd pvisioncs (ideas puplicari Sc firmi? tetii fac.T. 1J-. apud Wcstm. xij die Junii.__

Eodem modo mand est singulis Vic p Angt.

Ite fee funt Ire patentes Sc dirigebantÕ Archiepis, 8cc. & omibj aliis de com Norff & Suff. In cuj9 &c. T. ut s'.

Consimiles Ire pat dirigebantÕ p singulos Com Angt. In cujs, &c.

Ite Eodem modo mand est Justic de Banco, & Justic Itifi apud Line.

11 In MS. Cott. Claud. D. ll.fi. 125, b, these Provisions are entered in the form of a Charter, entitled * Carta R. FI. fafta coitati

regni Anglie,Õ and dated Ô apud Wygorniam xiij¡ die Decembr anno regni nn quadragesimo nono Sc anno dni Mittio CClxiiij'0 Õ__

This Charter concludes with a Precept for the Proclamation and observance of the Provisions, very similar to that annexed, in some Manuscripts, to the Statute of Marlborough. (See post. pa. 35.)


( 12 )

Annis 51¡ & 52¡ HENRICI, III. A.D. 1266 & 1267.

SDitfum toe I&entttbojtt).*

THE AWARD

Made between the King and his Commons At KENILWORTH.

rr The Name of the Holy and Undivided Trinity; Amen.

To the Honour and Glory of Almighty God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, of the glorious and most excellent Mother of God and Virgin Mary, and of All Saints, by whose merits and [means'] we are governed in Earth; (*)

To the Honour and good, prosperous, and peaceable Estate of the most Christian Prince, Lord Henry, the noble King of England, and of all the [English Church :JJ We, William Bishop of [Oxon,4] W. of Bath and Wells, [H. Worcester and Meneven,5] Bishops ; Gilbert de ClaTe, Earl of Gloucester (6), Humfrey (7) Earl of Hereford, Philip Basset, John [Bayloffe,*] Robert [Walop,9] Alein de la Such, Roger de Somery, and Warryn de Basyngburne, appointed to provide for the good estate of the Land, and namely [for certain ,0] Persons disherited, having thereunto full power of our said Lord the King, and the other Barons [and Counsellors, according to the Form written and confirmed in the Letters general and special of the said King, and the other aforenamed;"]

Under Favour of the same Divine Grace, We do ordain those things which in justice and equity we have thought to accord with the Will of God, and the Peace of the Kingdom ; bearing no respe£t of persons herein, but having before our eyes God only before all Things: Therefore, afting as in the sight of Almighty God, and in order rightly preferring the Head to the Members : '

I.

The King ¥hall fully exercise his Royal Power.

WE do Award and Provide, that the most serene Prince the Lord Henry, illustrious King of England, shall fully possess, obtain, and freely exercise his Dominion, Authority, and Power Royal; without the let or gainsaying of any, whereby the Royal Dignity may be hurt, contrary to the approved Rights and Laws and Customs of the Realm long established: And that full Obedience and Submission be tendered by all and singular Persons of the same Realm, both great and small, to the said Lord the King, and to his lawful Mandates and Pre.cepts. And All and every one shall sue for Justice by Writs to the Court of our Lord the King, and answer in justice, as they were wont to do, before the time of these Troubles.

Ex MS. Cott. Claud. D. II. fo 119, b.\

(')N NOMINE San&e & individue Trinitatis Amen. Ad honorem & gloriam Omnipotentis Dei Patris & Filii & Spiritus san£ti, & gloriose & precelse Dei Genitricis Virginis Marie, & omniu beatoj quop in terris men.tis & intercessionib} gubemamur ; [Õ sacrosante Catho- lice atq, Apostolice Romane ccdie, que est omnium fidelium mater & magistra; san&issimi patris & dni nri dementis ipius univ'salis Ecctie Sumi Pontificis :3]

Ad honorem & bonum prospum & pacificum statu xpianissimi Principis dni Henf Regis Anglie illustris & tocius Regni & Ecctie Anglicane : Nos v¡ [W. Oxon- iensis t4] W. Bathon & Wellens N. Wygorii, & [R.1] Menievens Epi, Gilbertus de Clare Comes Glouc & Hertford, & Humfridus de B. Com Herford, P. Basset, Jobs de Baillol, Robertus [Walraund,6] Alanus de la Suche, Rogerus de Someri & Warin9 de Bassing- boume, providend super statum terre nominatim super facto exheredatop, habentes a diio Rege predicto, & ab aliis Baronibj, Consiliariis Regni & proceribj Anglie plenariam potestatem, sedm formam conscriptam in iris puplicis sigillis predicto^ Regis & alio£ munitis : (7)

Ea quidm gracia divina favente providimus que sedm juris & equitatis (*) Dei beneplacito 8c paci regni putavimus convenire-: nullius in hac parte acceptantes personam, sj habentes pre oculis solum Deum ante, Omnia igitur tanquam in conspeftu Dei omnipotentis facientes 8c ex ordine capud membris aptissime premittentes :

Dicimus 8c providimus qd Serenissimus Princeps dns Henri- cus Rex Angt illustris dhium suum, aucloritatem & Regiam potestatem habeat, plenarie optineat, 8c libere excerceat; sine evjuscumq, inpedimento vel contradiccione, per quam contra jura approbat & leges ac Regni consuetudines diu optentas, dignitas regia offendat': atq, ab uni^sis 8c singulis, majorib) 8c minorib}, ipius regni hominibus, ipi diio Regi 8c mandatis ac preceptis suis licitis plene obediatur 8c humili? intendat'. Et omnes 8c singuli, per brevia ad curiam Dni Reg, justiciam petant & in justicia respondeant, sicut ante tempus hujus Turbacionis hadtenus fieri consuevit.

* Intercessions

1 of the most Holy Catholic and Apostolic Roman Church, which is the Mother and Mistress of all the Faithful; of our most sacred Father and Lord Clement, sovereign Pontiff of this Universal Church :

* Realm and Church of England * Exeter

* N. of IVore ester andT. of St. DavidÕs

6 and Hertford 7 de Bohun

* de Betillol 9 IValround

10 upon the matter of

" Counsellors of the Realm and Nobles of England, according to a Form written in public Letters, confirmed by the Seals of the aforesaid King and the rest;

Õ A Blank for the Letter I.

*Ñ3 MS. 2 Colt. Cl\ Printed Copies omit.

{Interlined in a modem hand-writing.

Witts Ex6n, MS. 2 Cott. Cl.ÑW. Exon, Lib. Horn : MSS. Rawl. 377 ¥ Cott. XXV: Harl. 1033.

J T. Old Printed Copies. 6 Waylop MS- 2 Cott.Cl.

t After these words the Printed Copies proceed with the words Ò Volumus secundum equitatis tramitem incedere,Ó &c. nearly as in Chapter XII. omitting all that is inserted in the Text in the smaller letter : MS. 2 Cott. Cl-, MS. Raoul 377 ; Lib. Nig. JEd. Cbr. Dubl; MS.Harl. 1033 ; and many other Manuscripts, agree with the Printed Copies.

, f A Blank; [and so in Lib. Horn; ] normam in the Margin, \ in a modern hand-oisriting.Ñsemitas MS. Cott. XXV.

¥ Kilxhworthi, in the Copy from which the Text is printed. Kecyncwouthk, Lib. Horn.fo. 16. Kenilworth, MS. Cott. Claud. D. II. fo. 330. b. and in very many other Manuscripts, and all the Printed Copies : and so in the Date at the end of the Text.

f This is a very ancient Copy. The Copy in fo. 250 b. of the same Volume it in a more modem Hand-writing, and the Instrument there appears to be the result of the Explanation or Aft of Umpirage, made on the original Award. The Quotations from this modem Copy, wherewith the Printed Copies nearly agree, are marked MS. a Cott. Cl. The Copies in Liber Horn, and MS. Cott. Appendix, XXV, agree with the Text throughout} except where the Variations are noted.


Rogamus eciam ipm dnm Regem 8c ipius pietati cum re.ferenda suademus, Ut tales, ad justiciam facicndam 8c red- dendam, proponat, [que '] non sua sj ea que Dei & Justicie sunt querentes subjefto^ negocia sedm leges 8c consuetu- dines Regni laudabiles, rede componant, 8c ex hoc roboratum justicia reddant solium Regie Majestatis.

Rogamus paritcr 8c suademus eidem dno Regi ut libertates ec- cfiasticas, cartas libertatum 8c foreste, quas servare 8c custodire tenetur expresse 8t pprio juramento, plene custodiat 8c observet.

Provideat eciam dns Rex qd concessiones quas fecit hac- tenus, spontaneus (*) non coaftus, [observetur >] ¥, 8c alia ncc'ia, que per suos ex ejus beneplacito sunt excogitata stabiliat durat'a. Et eciam Anglicana Ecctia suis libertatibj 8c consuetudinibj, quas tiuit 8c habere debuit ante tempus hujus- modi turbacionis, plene restituatur 8c eis uti (È) permittatur.

Dicimus & providemus ut prefatus dns Rex univsis & sin.gulis [que!] ab inicio presentis turbacionis Regni 8c occasione ipius, usq, ad hoc tempus, in ipm vel in coronam regiam comiserunt injuriam quamlibet vel offensam, & qui ad pacem ipius venerunt, infra xl. dies post puplicacionem hujusmodi nre provisionis, omnino remittat & parcat: Ita qd nullo modo nullaq, causa vel occasione, ppter hujusmodi prete- ritas injurias vt offensas, in eosdem offensores nullam exer- cet ulcionem; aut ipis penam vite, membri. carceris, vel exilii, aut pecunie inferat, vel vindiftam ; exceptis hiis qui in present! nra provisione inferius [continetur.6]

Dicimus eciam 8c providemus ut omnia loca, jura, res, 8c alia ad Coronam Regiam ptinencia, ipi Corone 8c dho Regi restituantur, per eos qui ea detinenc occupata, nisi [ostendat se ilia per racionabilem warantiam 7] ab ipo dno Rege, vt a suis anteces$orib3, possidere.

Dicimus eciam & providemus qd uniVsa scripts obligaciones 8c instrumenta, que prefatus dns Rex, vel dns Edwardus ejus primogenitus, vel alii fideles fecerint, seu exposuerint hac- tenus, (8) provisionuin Oxon vel occasione turbacionis in regno habite, ad instanciam quonda S. de Monteforti Coin Leyc 8c suoj conplicium, penitus adnichilentur & cassent', 8c pro cassis 8c pro nullis penitus habeantur [Fa£ta eciam È] dci Simonis, 8c conplicium suop, prejudicialia [8c judicialia lc] 8c dampnosa, & contraftus superÕrebus inmobilibj, ab eis [fadtis dum eet"] in suo potentatu, adnichilent' & p nutt habeant'.

Rogantes humiliter tarn dnm Legatum qÕm dnm Regem, ut ipe dns Legatus sub districcione ecctiastica prossus inhi- beat, Ne (11) S. Coin Leyc a quocumq, pro sco vel justo (,3) repute!', cum in excomunicacione sit defunttus, sicut Sandta tenet Ecctia. Et mirabilia de eo vana 8c fatua, ab aliq'bus relata, nullis unq'm labiis proferant'. Et dns Rex hec eadem [sub pena corporali velit distrifte inhibere.1*]

Supplicamus reveren? 8c humili? verJabili pri nro Dno [E.,s] Sci Adriani Diacono Cardinali 8c Aplice Sedis legato, [ut cum tarn dno Regi expedire cognovit q'm aliis hominibj, majoribj 8c minoribj,'6] de Regno, qui cartas juratas minime obser- varunt, ad quas observandas omnes, p excomunicacionis sen- tenciam jam latam [inde non observantes,17] tenebant', be- neficium absolucionis [inpendant.'8]

Rogamus eciam & suademus qd nullus, cujuscumq, con- dicionis existat, blada aut vidtualia quelibet, vt alia quecurnq, bona, sub nomine mutui vel provisione future solucionis, ca.piat sine licencia eo^ quo^ res seu bona sunt; salvis regni consuetudinib; approbatis.

['9 De Londoniis laudamus, & prefatum dan Regent hortam' & rogamus ut ipe provideat p consilium suum de statu reformando Civitatis, quo ad terras, redditus, [dniumÒ] & libertates; et hujusmodi provisio cito fiat.1']

I qui MS. Cott. XXV. ' et MS. Cott. XXV.

J observent' Lib. Horn. MS. Cott. XXV.

4 libere 3 qui 6 continent'

7 ostendat se p ronabile saerm \MS.Cott. XXV.

8 occone Èet

Ò MS. Cott. XXV. omits.

" fee dum essent 11 qonda

II aliq'ten9

14 sb dist'ccone temporali velit distÕftissie phibere

" O. Ub. Horn ; MS. Cott. XXV.

,6 ut tarn dno Regi, si sibi ipi expedire contigerit, qÔ omibus aliis ta majoribus q1 minoribus MS. Cott. XXV.

17 et no observata

'}

isie^

MS. Cott. XXV.

Õ domos

" inPendat ^MS.Cott. XXV.

11 In the Printed Copies this Sentence occurs in a different Place.

AVE do likewise beseech our Lord the King, and with reve.rence advise his piety That for the doing and rendering of justice, he will prefer those Persons, who, seeking not their own ends, but those of God and Justice, will justly quiet the disputes of his People, according to the laudable Laws and Customs of the Realm, and thereby render the Throne of his Royal Majesty strengthened by Justice.

IN like manner We do beseech and advise our said Lord

the King, that he will fully keep and observe the Liberties ¡ u- Chuith> and t^le Charters of Liberties and of the Forest, which he is bound expressly, and by his own Oath, to preserve and keep.

LIKEWISE Our said Lord the King shall provide for the observance of the Grants that he hath hitherto made of his free will, and not by Duress ¥, and shall firmly establish other things, which have been thought necessary by his Council under his good Pleasure. And likewise the Church of England shall be fully restored to her Liberties and Customs which she had and ought to have before the time of these Troubles ; and shall be freely permitted to use the same.

WE Award and Provide, That our aforesaid Lord the King shall altogether remit and pardon all and singular persons, who from the beginning of the present Troubles of the Realm, and by occasion thereof unto this day, have committed any Wrong or Offence against him or his Royal Crown, and who shall come in to his Peace within Forty Days after the publica.tion of this our Ordinance: So that he shall not in any manner, for any cause or pretence, by reason of such wrongs or offences past, take Vengeance of those Offenders; or punish them with Death, or Loss of Limb, or Imprisonment, or Banishment, or Fine, or Revenge; except those hereafter contained in this our present Ordinance.

WE Award likewise and provide that all Places, Rights, Possessions, and other things to the Royal Crown belonging, shall be restored to the Crown and to our Lord the King by those who withhold and occupy them, unless they shall shew that they hold them by a reasonable Warrant from our Lord the King himself, or his Ancestors.

WE Award likewise and provide, that all Writings, Bonds, and Instruments, which the aforesaid Lord the King, or the Lord Edward his eldest Son, or other Liege Men may have made or published hitherto, by occasion of the Provisions of Oxford, or by occasion of the Troubles of the Realm, at the Instance of the late Simon de Montfort Earl of Leicester and his Accomplices, shall be absolutely annulled and quashed, and be altogether holden for nought and quashed. Moreover the A£ls of the said Simon and of his Accomplices, whether judicial or others, and the wrongs thereof, and all Contrails of things immoveable, by them made, while they held their Authority shall be annulled and holden for nought.

HUMBLY beseeching as well the Lord Legate as the Lord the King, that he the Lord Legate will utterly prohibit, under the Penalties of the Church, any Man from holding Simon Earl of Leicester for a Saint or Just One, fo: that he died under Excommunication, according to the Doilrine of Holy Church. And that the vain and foolish Miracles related of him by certain Persons, shall not pass any ManÕs Lips. And that our Lord the King will stri&lv enjoin the same prohibi.tion, under Pain of temporal Punishment.

WE reverently and humbly supplicate our venerable Father the Lord Ottobon Deacon Cardinal of St. Adrian, and Legate of the Apostolic See, that if he shall deem it expedient as well for our Lord the King as for all other of the Realm, both great and small, who have not observed their sworn Charters, to the observance whereof they were all obliged by the Sentence of Excommunication pronounced, and not observed, that they may receive the Benefit of Absolution.

WE likewise beseech and advise that no Man of what Condition soever he be, shall take Corn or any manner of Viftual, or other Goods whatever, under the pretence of borrowing, or the Promise of After-payment, without Leave of those to whom the Goods or Things belong : Saving the approved Customs of the Realm.

TOUCHING London [We commend it,Õ] and ex.hort (*) the King, that he by his Council will provide a Reformation for the State of the City, as concerning their Lands, Rents, Houses and Liberties, and that the same Provision may be made immediately.

* urc Jo award, * Çnd bticceh our laid Lord

VOL. I.

E


II.

The King's Officers.

III.

Liberties of the Churchy and the Charters.

IV.

Grants of the King.

Liberties of the Church.

V.

The King's Pardon to Offenders.

VI.

R ights and Possessions of the Crown.

Vi I.

Annulling of Adis done at the Instance of the Earl of Leicester.

VIII.

The Earl of Leicester shall not be reputed a Saint.

IX:

Absolution by the Legate.

X

Corn, See. shall not be taken without the Owner's leave.

XI.

The State of London.

A.D. 1266-7.

XII.

Ransoms of certain Parties in the War.

XIII.

Sale of Woods for Ransom.

XIV.

Earl Ferrars.

Ransom of Knights and

(') Willing to proceed according to (*) the path of Equity by the Assent of the Reverend Father Othobone, Deacon Cardinal of Saint Adrian, and Legate of the Apostolic See, and the Noble Man H. of Almaine, having like Power and Authority, We have thought it good to be provided in this wise, that there shall be made no Disherison, but Redemption, that is, to wit:

First, concerning them that began the war, and yet continue;

Item, they that forcibly and maliciously withheld Northampton against the King; (3)

Item, they that were taken at Kenilworth, which came from the sacking of Winchester, or that otherwhere were against the King, whom he hath not pardoned;

Item, they that warred at Evesham against the King;

Item, they that were at Chesterfield against the King in battle;

Item, they that freely, wilfully, and uncompelled, sent any aid against the King or his Son;

Item, the Bailiffs and Officers of the Earl of Leicester, which robbed their Neighbours, and procured Man.slaughters, House burnings, and other Evils to be done, shall pay as much as their Lands be worth by the space of Five Years; And that they paying their Ransoms, shall have their Lands again, so that if their Lands should be sold, none shall [have4] them, but he that holdeth the same of the Gift of the King, in case he will give so much as a common Purchaser, [and with those terms; that if the Party so redeeming his Land, do satisfy for his whole Land from the beginning, he3 3 shall forthwith have his whole Land: And likewise he that satisfieth for the Half or the Third Part, shall forth.with have the Half, or the Third Part.

But if at the last Term appointed, the Party redeem.ing do not satisfy, the Half of the Lands remaining shall remain to them, to whom they were given by the KingÕs Gift; also the Party redeeming shall be at liberty within that term to sell all or part of his Land, (6) and in like manner to let it to farm.

AND if any have Woods, and will sell them towards their Ransom, he that holdeth the Land by the King's Gift, shall have a competent Servant, that shall receive the Money ; and the Party disherited, which selleth the Wood, must have one in whom he trusteth ; and these two Receivers, in the presence of the whole Shire, shall pay the Money received for the Wood, to them to whom Redemption ought to be given. The Pay.ment of this Redemption must be done by Three Years.

CONCERNING the Earl de Ferris, We award that he be punished by as much as the Value of his Lands shall amount unto in Seven Years :

Knights and Esquires, which were Robbers, and among the principal Robbers, in Wars and Rodes, if

1 Upon the Matter of the Disinherited and thtir Case, among other things which IVe have ordained and established J

* God and

3 Item, they who assailed and warred against the King at Lewes ;

¥ buy

5 and at the same Terms for Payment: So lihewite if it he to he let in farm, no man shall stand before him that holdeth it of the King s gift, if he will give as much for it as another would to tahe it to farm, and he will have it at the same Terms for Payment: In Me manner he that yicldeth satisfaBion for his whole Land

6 according to the method of tale above described,

Super statu & negocio exheredato^, [inter cetera que ordinavimus & statuimus,volentes sedm deum & equitatis tramitem incedere, ita duximus providendu, de assensu vetiabit pris O. Sci Adriani diaconi Cardinalis & Aposto- lice Sedis Legati & nobilis H.de Alemann, similiter haben.dum potestatem, qd non fiat exheredacio S3 redempdo vidett: qd incipientes guerram & psePantes usqsnunc;']

Item violent & maliciose detinentes NorhÒmpton con.tra Regem;

Itm expugnantes & debellantes Regem apd Lewes;

Itm capti apud Kenilworth, qui venerunt de preda- cione Wynton, vt alibi fuerint cont* Regem, quibus Rex

non remisit;

Item bellantes apud Evesh'm (*);

Itm qui fuerunt apud Cestrefeud (Õ) in bello;

Itm qui gratis & voluntarie (3) miserunt servicia sua contra Regem vt filium ejus ;

Itm Ballivi & Ministri Com Leyc [&Ô] vicinos de- predati sunt, & homicidia, incendia, & mala alia procu- rarunt, solvent quantum valet terra eop per quinq, annos; & si isti solvant redempeionem [rehabebants] terras suas; Ita qd, si terra vendi debeat, nullus earn [emat6] nisi ille qui earn tenet ex dono Dili Regis, si tin velit dare qÕm quilibet comuni? emens, & eisdem terminis [7 simili?, si ad firmam debeat dari, nullus sit ppinquior [ea qÔm ille q' *] earn tenet ex dono Dni Regis, si tantum velit dare q*m quilibet alius pro eo ad firma velit dare, & eiisdem terminis habeat:9] simi.liter satisfaciens pro tota terra habeat totam, pro me- dietate medietate habeat, et p tercia parte statim ter- ciam partem habeat.

Quod si, ultimo termino statuto, redimens non satis- fecerit, medietas terre remanentis remaneat illis quibus terre collate sut per [Dnm Regem ;'¡] (") liberum aut sit redimenti infra ilium terminum vendere totum vt partem terre sedm formam vendicionis supius annotatam, & simili? ad firma t*dere. Et si aliqui habeant nemora, & velint vendere ad redempeionem suam, ille qui tenet [earn Ó3 ex dono Dni Regis habeat [fidele suu,'3] qui [recipat '*] inde pecuniam; et exheredatus ille, qui vendit silvam, habeat unum de quo confidat; & isti duo reci- pientes solvant in conspedlu [illo^Õ1] denarios, quos reci- piunt de nemore, illis quibus debet dari redempeio. (,6).

[Itm Coin de Ferrar puniatur quantum valet terra sua per vij. annos ,?3 [& Milites aute l8] & armigeri

qui fuerunt predones, & cum p'ncipalibj predonib) in

l

t

1

t

D

k

P

d

K

a

1

a

s

i

a

a

D

D

E

K

C

8

C

5

6 n

1 quidam nrm pvident dicunt et ordinant qd exhedacio (

debet fieri et alii qd no fiat exheredacio set redepcio quidam dicunt qd si debeat fieri exhedacio, qd detur exheredatis vita [

sine mutilatione menbrop et exilio et cu escaetis que eis pos- 1

sint continge per successionc hereditaria et Pcia pars terre eoj; s

Sc alii qd medietas detur exhedatis: quidam dicut pvident et diffiniunt qd redempeio debeat fieri; et incipientes guerra 8c pseverantes ; MS. Cot/. XXT. See the Explanation, or Aft of I

Umpirage, at the End of the Award, page 18. .

1 contra Regem MS. a Cott. Cl.

3 & non coa£ki j MS_ c<,ã XXV: MS. 2.Cott.Cl. ,

4 qui J 1

3 reheant MS. 2. Cott. Cl. 6 heat MS. a Cott. Cl.

7Ñ8 MS. 2 Cott. Cl: and Printed Copies omit.

* eo qui MS.Cott.XXV. donu dni Reg MS. 2 Cott. Cl.

"alii dicut qd due partes remaneant eis; MS.Cott.XXT.

See the Aft of Umpirage.

.È Pram MS. 2. Cott. Cl: MS. Cott. XXV.

( svientem coinpetente MS. 2. Cott. CL ,J< servientem MS. Raw/.

Lfidejussorem competentem Lib. Nig. Dub.

>Ç recipiat MS. 2. Cott. Cl: MS. Cott. XXV.

13 Comitat2 MS. Rawl: Com MS. 2 Cott. Cl: MS.Cott.XXL.

16 Solucio istius redempeionis fiat p tres annos MS. 2 Cott.Q:

MS. Rawl: MS. Cott. XXV: the latter adds Ò ut quid dicut alii inf* duos annos q'mvis illi de Kenitt rndeant inf* o£lo dies post puplicacSm dci si velint istam pacem servare, alii dicut inf* tres dies, air sint ex* for*m pacis, si velint sint in forma quinq, 8c sex.Ó See the Aft of Umpirage.

't De Coin Ferariens, si ad hoc extendi possit dem nrm, quidam dicut qd puniatr in o£to annis, alii dicut in septe annis, q*ntu valet Pra ejus. MS. Cott. XXV.ÑSee Aft of Umpirage.

Milites MS. 2 Cott. Cl: MS. Cott. XXV: MS. Harl. 1033.

See the Aft of Umpirage.


/0.1266-7-

51¡ & 52¡ Hen. III. Diet, de Ktnilw. c. 14Ñ23.

15

bellis & depredacionibj, si non habeant terras, & ha- beant bona, solvat pro redempeione sua medietate bono^ suoji, 8c inveniant fidejussionem competent qd pace Regis i

chil habuerint [jurant'] ad sanfta Dei Evangelia, 8c

o m-

DOno^ ^ ~-----------J . pT

pace Regis 8c Regni amodo conservabunt. Qui va chil habuerint [jurant1] ad san6ta Dei Evangeli; inveniant fidejussionem conpetente qd [pads*] Regis 8c Regni aniodo servabunt, 8c subeant satisfaccionem conpetente 8c penitenciam sedm judicium ecclie, ex- ceptis bannitis quibus [scilt Õ] Rex potest remitte.

[Ce?o£4] Dhi tiedum1 infra etatem 8c in custodia gTiQtpnriiim solvant pro ds; 8c cum venerint heredes ad legitimam etatem solvat redempeionem dnis eiisdera terminis p trs vt p duos annos, quibj alii solverunt; ita qd dni terre habeant custodias heredum cum maritagiis, usc^ ad legitimam etatem tiedu. Si aut dni terre no- lunt solvere redempdonem illis quibus terre date sunt per Dnm Regem, iidem habeant [Custodes!] fcedum, cu maritagiis sine dispagacione, usq, ad legitimam eta.tem fcedum, 8c tunc heredes solvant prout alii solverunt eis disdem terminis.

Custodie aut que debent* Dno Regi maneant illis quibus concesse sunt p Dnm Regera, 8c cum pveiJint ad legitimam etatem solvant redempeionem eiisdem terminis quibus alii [8c nullam faciant destruccione6] ab hiis qui habent custodias; sin aut, fiat justicia con.tra illos sedm qd cotinet* in Magna Carta.

Omnes de Castro sint in comuni via 8c forma pacis exceptis Henrico de Hastinges, 8c mutilator^ nuncii Dni Regis, qui [sunt de vij annis7] puniant*, vt in mia Dni Regis se ponant.

Si quis [aut ad*] bellum de Lewes [fuerit5] gu Dno Rege 8c post bellum sit exheredatus, [qui'¡] [noluit"] venire ad filium Regis 8c ejus adjutorium, dicat Rex voluntatem suam de eo p fidele diftum suum.

Nemora ab eis qui tenent nunc, non vendatur nec destruantur aliquo modo, nisi post terminum ulti- mum non observatum; n2c*ia tame ad custodiam vel restauracionem domop habeant illi quibus terre [lo.cate '*] sunt per Regem, sin autem graviter puniantur.

Si aliquis sit de quo timetur qd velit guerram facere seu procurare, provideant se dni Legatus 8c Rex se- curitatem quam viderint expedire, mittendo extra reg- num ad tempus vt aliter sicut expedire viderint; Ita tamen qd si contingat ilium impediri a solucione sue redempeionis pp? hoc non exheredet*.

Si aliquis [non13] ista provisione subeat judiciu in curia Dni Regis infra festum sci Hillarii; ext* regnum [p¡ '*] [existens habeat15] inducias transmarinas sedm legem et consuetudiem terre: Ita tamen qd [teneat15] se in pace, ali? non [sit13 ] in forma pacis.

Quia Rex tenetur multis qui eum juverut 8c ei fideliP [assueruntl6] quibus de terris non providit, 8c quidam plus habent q*m habere debent, provideat Dns Rex de redempeione capienda qd habundanr eos res- piciat, ne sit matria nove guerre.

Provideant eciam se Dni [Legatus Rex*7] 8c Hen- ricus de Alemanii, [qd eligant xij.18] qui ista diligen?

1 veniant et jurent MS. Cott. XXV.

* paccm Lib.Horn. 1 solus MS. iCott. Cl: MS.Cott.XXV

4 CeVu MS.Cott.XXV: MS. Hart. 1033.

1 custod MS. Cott XXV.

6 Et nulla fiat destru&io MS. Harl. 1033: MS- Rawl.

, / septem annis MS. Harl. 1033.

fin o£to vt septem annis MS. Cott. XXV.

* ante MS. Cott. XXV: MS. l.Cott. Cl: MS. Harl. 1033.

* stent MS. 2 Cott. Cl. quia MS. 2. Cott. Cl.

" voluerit MS. Cott. XXV.Ñnoluerit MS. 2 Cott. Cl.

Ó collate MS. Cott. XXV; MS. a. Cott. Cl.

11 non sit content9 MS. 2. Cott. Cl: MS. Cott. XXV.

** jure MS. Harl. 1033 .¥ Printed Copies.

Ôs existentes heantÑteneantÑsint MS. 2 Cott. Cl.

14 affuerunt Lib. Horn: MS. 2. Cott. Cl.

*7 Rex & Legatus MS. Cott. XXV.

f qd eligant' xij MS. 2 Cott. Cl: MS. Harl. -j ã ,

** 1 1033. tke 4H

tqd Rex eligat'alii qd xij MS.Cott.XXV. J¡S UmPiraSf-

they have no Lands, but have Goods, shall pay for their Ransom [the half1] of their Goods, and shall find sufficient Sureties to keep the Peace of the King and of the Realm from thenceforth. They that have nothing, shall come and swear by the Holy Gospels of God, finding sufficient Surety, that from thenceforth they shall keep the Peace (*) and suffer Satisfa&ion and Penance after the judgement of the Church, except persons ba.nished, to whom the King only may remit.

Esquijts.who

plundered.

THE Lords of Heirs within Age, (Õ) shall pay Ran.som for them ; and the Heirs when they shall come to full Age, shall pay Ransom to the Lords at the same Terms, whereat other paid [by Three or Two Years ;*] so that the Lords of such Lands shall have the Ward of the Heirs with Marriages [without Disparagement, until their lawful Age, and *] the Heirs shall pay Ransom, as other have paid, and at the same Terms.

THE Custodies which are due to the King, shall remain to them to whom they were given by the King, and when the Heirs shall come to lawful Age, they shall ransom at the same Terms as other did, and no Waste must be done by them that have the Custody ; and if there be, Justice shall be done against them, according as is contained in Magna Carta.

XV.

Ransom of Hein within Age.

XVI.

The KingÕ* WÈrdÈhipi.

XVII.

ALL those of the Castle shall be in the common .

(6) form of Peace, except Henry de Hastings, and those Oom^he" that maimed the KingÕs Messenger, which shall be pe*ce. [imprisoned ^ Seven Years, or else put themselves in the KingÕs Mercy.

IF

any before the Battle of Lewes stood on the King's Part, and after the Battle be disherited, because ^KingÕ* he would not come to the KingÕs Son, to his Succour, Discretion, let the King say his Pleasure touching such [upon his fidelity.8]

WOODS may not be sold nor wasted by them that hold them now in any wise, but if it be for not keeping Woods, the last Term of Payment; notwithstanding they to whom the Lands were given by the King, shall have Necessaries for the keeping or reparation of the Houses, and otherwise doing they shall be grievously punished.

IF there be any, of whom it is supposed, that he will XX. make or procure War, the Lord Legate and the King cf shall provide such Surety as shall seem expedient, by from the sending them out of the Realm for a Time, or otherwise Realm, as they shall think convenient; so nevertheless, if it fortune such a one to be let from his Payment of Ran.som, he shall not be disherited therefore.

IF there be any not content with this Ordinance, let him abide the Judgement of the KingÕs Court within the feast of Saint Hillary; such as be out of the Realm upon lawful cause, shall have their Safe Condutt ac.cording to the Law and Custom of the Realm for being beyond the Sea: So that they keep themselves in Peace, for else they shall not be in the form of this Peace.

BECAUSE the King is bounden to many that holpe him, and faithfully stood by him, for whom he hath provided no Lands, and some have more than they should have, let the King provide, that he largely reward them, of the Ransoms that are to be taken, lest it turn to a matter of new war.

LET the Lord Legate, the King, and Henry of Almaine provide, that there be chosen Twelve, which

XXI.

Refuting to abide by tbit Award.

XXII.

Disposal of Ransom and Rewards.

XXIU. Securing the Execution of this Award.

Ô the third part, [See the A B of Umpirage.]

* of the King and the Realm > and being in Ward,

4 by tevo Teart ; [SÇ the A3 of Umpirage.]

1 until the lawful Age of the Heirs : And if the Lords of the Fee will not pay the Ransom unto those to whom the Lands are given by our Lord the King, these shall have the Wardships of the Heirs and their Marriages ¥without Disparagement, until the lawful age of the Heirs and then 0 way and Õ punished * by bis own just Sentence.


XXIV. Farmers who were against the King.

XXV.

Castles.

XXVI. Earl of LeicesterÕs Accomplices.

XXVII.

Persons compelled bp Force or Fear.

XXVIII.

Purchasers of others Goods.

XXIX.

Persons taking Sanftuary at Northamp.ton.

Tenants of the Earl of Leicester.

XXX.

Impotent and

innocent

Persons.

diligently and faithfully may execute these things, and that the King and his Heirs may cause them firmly to be kept and maintained.

Let them also enquire and fulfil those things, that [shall be ordained of the foresaid Twelve,'] according to (Õ) reasonable and true Estimations, and after as the said Twelve shall think good to be done.

FERMORS that were against the King, shall leese their terms, saving the Right of their Lords, to whom [they pay their yearly Rent; and they that shall have the Farms after the Terms expired, shall render them3] to the true Lords.

CONCERNING Castles builded by the KingÕs Charters, and by his Consent, and yet disherited without his Consent, We award, that after the Ransom paid, within the space of Three Years, the Lord of the Land shall pay within Six Years the Costs which were laid upon them afore [this general Proclamation4] by Consent of the King, or by reasonable Exchange of Land.

LAY Men that openly procured the business of the Earl [of Leicester,] (s) his Accomplices, drawing men by Lies and false Tales, and stirring them to the part of the Earl and his Adherents, and withdrawing them from the part of the King and his Son, shall be punished by as much as the Two Years Value of their Land doth amount.

SUCH as were compelled, or driven by Fear unto the Battle, and neither fought, nor did hurt; Likewise impotent Persons, which either by Force or Fear sent their Servants against the King and his Son ; and those which being constrained or led by Fear, were Robbers, and did Robberies with the principal Robbers, and when hey saw opportunity withdrew, and returned to their Houses, (6).

THOSE also that wittingly bought others Goods shall restore the Value of the Goods, which they [robbed or7] bought in such manner, and shall be amerced to the King, for that they did against Justice, and because the King did forbid the same, half a year now passed.

THEY that by the Commandment of the Earl of Leicester, entered into Northampton, and neither fought nor did harm, but fled to the Church when they espied the King coming, and that being found by lawful persons; Likewise they that held not of the said Earl and came at his Commandment; shall pay the half yearÕs Value of their Land :

But they that held of the EarlÕs Fee, shall only be amerced to the King.

IMPOTENT Men and other, which did no Harm, shall be restored to their Lands without delay, and recover their Damages in the KingÕs Court; Let false Accusers be punished against the King in such wise as he believe them not lightly thereafter; and such Punishment must be done of them as belongeth to them that wrongfully have caused the KingÕs Lieges to be disherited and undone, without peril of Life, Maim.ing, and Disherison ; they that were accused by Malice shall forthwith have again their Lands, and recover their Damages in the KingÕs Court, as is contained in the Article next afore.

1 are ordained by Us

1 the Estimates already madly or otherwise they shall make

3 they that hold the Farms shall pay their yearly Rent; and at the end of the Term they shall revert

4 the Publication of this Awards 5 and of

6 now being in peace ,hall paj the Ramom of One Tear', Value of their Land.

7 Not in Original.

& fideli? exequant', et ilia faciat [dns dhs Rex1] & heredes sui firmiter observari & manuteneri.

Isd inquirant & conpleant [qui a supradcis xij. elettis Õ] sunt ordinata, setfm [formam ordinacionum *] que jam fact sunt, sin aut faciant estimaciones raciona- biles & verraces, sedm qd [xij providebut executor.4] Firmarii qui fuerunt contra dnm Regem careant firmis suis, salvis juribj dnoj>, quibus reddant censum annuum, detinentes firmas, & elapso termino [revW5] ad veros dnos.

[6 De Castris edificadi qui per cartas Dili Regis & p consensum ejus sicut consensu exheredati,

dicim9 qd dns terre solvat custu q ponebat' ante publi- cacionem didti p consensum Regis vel racionabile es- cambiu tVe laice. Manifeste6] procurantes negocia diii Com & conplicium suop, attrahendo homines per men- dacia p falsitates [insidiando ptemÕ"] Coni & conplicium suoj>,& detrahendo [partem Domini Regis"] & filii sui, puniant' [quantu valet terra eop "] per duos annos.

Coadti vel metu dudti qui venerunt ad bellum qui non expugnavWt nec malum fecerunt; Impotentes qui vi vi metu miserut servida sua contra Regem vt filiurn suu; Coacti vt metu ducti qui fuerunt predones & cum principalibj predonibj depredaciones fecerunt, & qn coniode potant a predacionibj cessaverunt & ad domos suas redicrunt existentes in pace [redimant' quantu valet terra eo£ per unu annu.13]

Emptores scien? rerum alienap valorem bon op que emerunt restituant, & sint in niia Dili Regis, qui con.tra justiciam fecerut, q;, illud inhibuit Dns Rex jam dimidio anno elapso.

Illi qui ad mandatu Com Ley£ ingrssi sut Norh'mp- ton nec pugnaverunt nec malum fecerunt, [si '*] ad ecctiam fugerunt qn Regem venientem viderunt, & hoc sit attinctum p bonos; Illi qui (,J) tenebant de Com Ley£ & venert ad mandatu ejus solvent q*m valent terre eop [per dimidiu annu:'6]

Isti qui ex feodo Com tenebant [solum sit ÕÕ] in mia Dili Regis.

Impotentes & [illi '*] qui malum non fecerunt statim rehabeant terras suas, & recuperent dampna sua in Curia Dili Regis; & puniantÕ accusatores ('*) qd amodo Rex non credat eis de facili & talis pena fiat eis, qualis debet fieri illis qui injuste [fecerunt. Fideles Reg exhere.dati'0] sine tamen periculo (Ó) mutilacionis & exhere- dacionis; malieiose accusati statim rehabeant terras suas & recuperant dampna sua in curia fl ut supra (ÕÕ).

I dns Rex Lib. Horn. 1 cj a nobis MS. Coti. XXV.

3 estimationes MS. Colt. XXV.

4 Dns Rex vt xij executores pvidebunt. MS. Cott. XXV.

5 revertantur MS. Cott. XXV: MS. 2. Cott. Cl.

6 De castris edificatis p Cartas Dni Regis & consensum ejus, 8c sine consensu [8c cum r] exhedati, [dicim9*] qd post re- demproem solutam Pmino trium annop solvat dns Pre infra sex annos custu qui imponebatÕ ante publicacoem [p con.sensum didti Reg9] vel rationabile escambium Pre. Laid manifeste MS. 2 Cott. Cl.

t tn MS. Cott XXV: MS. Raivl. tamen Printed Copies.

* quida dicut qd solvi debent dapna et sumptus, et alii dicut qd nichil; q1 dicut qd dapna 8c suptš solvi debent, MS. Cott. XXV. See the Act of Umpirage.

9 dci, p consesu Reg MS. Cott. XXV: MS. Raivl.

ã f instigand parti MS. 2 Cott. Cl.

\_justificando ad parte MS. Cott. XXV.

" parti Regis MS. 2 Cott. Cl.

II quida dicut q*ntu valeat Pre eoy p tres annos, quida dicut quantu valeat MS. Cott. XXV. See An of Umpirage.

11 moderate redimantÕ isti j tres q'd dicut quantu valent Pre eop et bona inf* duos annos, alii dicut qÕHt valeat Pre eo^ & bona infJ unu annu. MS. Cott. XXV. See Ail of Umpirage.

'. sed MS. 2. Cott. Cl: MS. Raivl.

15 non At S. Cott. XXV: A/S. Raivl: Printed Copies.ÑAIS. 2 Cott Cl. omits this Sentence.

16 p unu annu, alii dicut q'ntu valeant p dimidiu annu. MS. Cott. XXV. See AB of Umpirage.

17 sint sold MS. Cott. XXV. .Ò oSes alii MS. Cott.XXV. "> penes dnm Regem MS. Cott. XXV: MS. 2 Cott. CL

*¡ fideles dni Reg fecerut exheredari et destrui, MS. Cott. XXV. .. vite et MS.Cott.XXV. È pxio MS.Cott.XXV.

1

I

1

1

i

I

l

c

0

0

1

D

C

i

C

i

il

a

P

1

c

d

1

1


a.

Mulieres autem habeant hereditates suas & dotes de primis dnis de terris aute maritoj (') habeant s£dm qd Rex statuit & rediinantur. Redempcio eof qui fuerunt contra Dominu Regem stet, set in illis qui in nullo fuerunt contra Regem [necl] stet redempcio;

statim rehabeant terras suas et recupent dampna sua ut sup*. D' maliciose accusatis dittum est & [recipientes *] puniant' ut supra. Submissio facta [est dno Regi vi aliof dikty per vos vl per4] concordiam vt pacem factam stet in robore suo. De Simone de Monte Ford Com & filiis Com nichil dicimus, quia Dns Rex Anglie fern eop posuitin manus Regis Francie.

Omhes. recepd in pace per illos qui habuerunt potestatem, remaneant in statu in quo recepd sunt.

Omnes qui redempti sunt non teneant' respondere de dampnis & transgrssiomby per eos factis super illos [quiJ] impugnav*unt tempore turbacionis predee; sj dampna & t*nsg?ssiones ex utraq^ parte remittantÕ,: salva tamen accione [cuiq, de dicta turbacione non intromittet, set salvo ei6] quod ad Ecctiam ptinet.

Et quia piculosum videt' qd castra eent i potestate eop qui male egerunt con* Rege, Dicimus & providimus de Castris de [Erdeal Bith*m & Cortesleye7] qd pro ipis detur racionabile excambiu. Omnes de ce?o teneant firmam pacem, & Nullus faciat homicidia, in- cendia, roberias, nec aliquas transg?ssiones cont* pa.cem; & qui fecerit & convictus fuerit liabeat judiciu [& legem sedm 8] consuetudinem regni (9). Item omnes quop interest jurent super Sancta Ewangelia qd nullus capiet vindictam, nec procurabit, nec consenciet, nec fieri sustinebit, qd vindicta capiatur, occasione turba.cionis. Et si aliq's vindictam capiat puniatur per curiam dni Regis : et satisfaciant ecctie hii qui earn leserunt.

['ÒSi quis ecia non velit dem istud tenere, vt judm Cur dni Reg p pares subire, et sic exheredati qui se dicunt tales, nullum jus fteant ad recupand tras. Et si aliq's qui tenet tras exhedato^ rebellet dCo, nichil juris p donu dni R vendicare possit in terra vt redepcione.10]

Insuper quicumqs isti difto non consenserit sit pupli- cus inimicus Dni Regis & filiop suop & comunitatis (") populus & clerus, [qÒm canonica jura "] permittant, pro- sequantur eum tanquam inimicu pacis Ecctie & Regni.

Inprisonati seu incarcerati, prestita sufficienti & ra- cionabili securitate, liberent' per obsidem, vel per aliam securitatem competente & racionabile, sedm provisionem di&o£ Legati & Regis.

[ÕÕNullus pHerea occ&ne pterite turbacionis possit ali- que exheredare, qui sibi aliquo jure succedere debeat.'1]

Datu & puplicatum in [castro" '*] apud Kenilworthe [sCdols] Kalend Novembr [anno gre MÒ CC" lxvjÓ Regni vo diii Henr Regis Anglie anno 1. primo.'6] ('7)

1 qui fuerunt cont* Regem, MS. a Cott. Cl.

* non Lib. Horn.

1 accusantes MS. Ravil.Ñaccusant MS. 2 Cott. Cl.

4 difto dni Regis vi alio^ dno^, vel res per MS. Rawl.

5 quos MS. Ravil: MS. 2 Cott.Cl. 6 cuicunq, se no in^- mittenti de dca turbacone, et salvo MS.Cott. XXV: MS. Raivl.

{Hardeleye, Byham & Cherteseye MS. 2 Cott. Cl.

Herdley, Byam, Sc Cherteseye MS. Ravil.

Erdesleve, Byh*m et Chesterleye MS Cott. XXV. Herdesleye, Byh*m & Certeleye MS. Harl. 1033.

* sedm lege et MS. Cott. XXV. 9 nri MS.Cott. XXV. Ò* '* These Sentences are inserted from MS Cott XXV. The oldest Copy in MS. Cott. Claud. D.1I. and that in Lib. Horn, omit them.

" Et MS. 2 Cott. Cl.

'* quantu canones et jura MS. Cott. XXV.

,4 / Castro Lib. Horn : MS. 2 Cott. Cl.

I Castris MS. Cott. XXV.Ñcast? MS. Raivl.

11 pridie MS. Ravil. Printed Copies : xij die MS. 2 Cott. Cl. ranno dni MCOlxvij0 regni auf dni Reg H.Lijc. MS. Ravil. I anno dni MCClxvj regni vero domini H. regis Angt 14 < illustris anno quinquagesimo primo. Printed Copies : MS. Cott XXV: MS. Harl. 1033.

[anno regni Regis Angt. lij¡. MS. 2 Cott. Cl.

19 See Notes in the succeeding page.

XXXII.

Ransoms.

XXXIII.

Malicious

Accusations.

Voluntary

Submissions.

XXXV. General Amnesty on Ransom.

WOMEN shall have their Heritages and Dowers of *

the first Lords; touching (') their Husbands, which ,njn[)oÈen were against the King, they shall have as the King hath 0f Women, ordained, and be ransomed.

THE Ransom of them that were against the King shall stand in force, but of those which in nothing were against the King, no Ransom shall stand ; but forthwith (*) shall have their Lands again, and recover Damages as afore. [&c.]

TOUCHING Persons maliciously accused, it hath been already spoken, and that the Accusers should be punished as afore is said ; [by submitting themselves'] to the Award of the King and of other Lords, [or else the thing4] by concord or peace made, shall stand in his force.

TOUCHING Simon de Mountford [Earl of Leices- £***IV' ter,1] his Countess and Children, We say nothing ; for E*[f¡ter the King hath put their matter into the hands of the family.

King of France.

ALL Persons received to the Peace by those that had commission thereunto shall remain in such estate as when they were received. All that be ransomed, shall not be bounden to answer for the Harms and Trespasses done by them (6) in the time of the Commotion afore.said ; but Hurts and Trespasses shall be forgiven of either Party : Saving nevertheless [the Exaftion to every Man that he shall not intermeddle of the said Com.motion,7] saving that that pertaineth to the Church.

BECAUSE it seemed dangerous that Castles should XXXVI. be in the Power of them which offended against the Castles to be King, We award and ordain touching the Castles of exchanged.

Herdley, Byham, and Chertsey, that a reasonable Ex.change shall be given for them.

LET all Men from henceforth keep the Peace firmly, and let none commit (*) Burning of Houses, Robberies, nor other Outrages against the Peace ; and who so doeth, and be convift thereof shall have Judgement according to the Law (9) of the Land.

MOREOVER All that have to do in this Behalf shall swear upon the Holy Gospels of God, that none shall take Revengement, nor procure to be taken, nor con.sent or suffer that any Revengement be taken by oc.casion of the Commotion aforesaid. And if any take Revengement, he shall be punished [after the custom of'¡] the KingÕs Court: Let the Church be satisfied by them that have hurt her in any point.

IF there be any that will not observe this Award, nor abide the Judgement of [the KingÓ] by his Peers, [all that be such shall be of the Number of the disherited, andll] shall have no Law to recover their Lands.

And if any holding the Lands of any Person disherited, be found rebel to this Award, he shall not be admitted to challenge any Right in the Land or Ransom given him by the King.

Moreover whoso will not agree to this Award, let him be had as Enemy of the King, and his Sons, and of all the Communally. And People and Clergy, as far forth as the Laws and [CommonsÕ*] do permit, shall pursue him as Enemy of the Peace of the Church and of the Realm.

SUCH as be imprisoned and in Ward, finding suffi.cient and reasonable Surety, shall be delivered by Pledges, or by other Assurance competent and reasonable, accord.ing to the Provision of the Lord Legate and the King.

MOREOVER no Man by occasion of the foresaid Commotion may hereafter disherit any Person that by Inheritance*, any Law ought to succeed him.

Given and proclaimed in the Castle of Kenilworth the Day before the Kalends of November, in the Year of our Lord MCClxvj. the li. Year of the reign of the Lord Henry, the noble King of England [of that name the Third.Õ4]

4 the Land: of * they

* liny Submillion made 4 or any thing

1 Not in Original. upon those viham they attached

I a Right of dfiion to every Man not intermeddling in the uid

Commotion, and 8 Homicide:

* and Custom by " The King's Court

II and so the disinherited, confessing themselves such, these

11 Canons *4 Not in Original.

XXXVII. The Peace to be kept.

XXXVIII. No future Revenge.

XXXIX.

Contemner* of thi* Award.

XL. Sureties for Parties imprisoned.

XLI.

Vox,. L


XII.

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

In MS. Cott. Claud. D. II. fo. iai, the following Ail of Umpirage immediately follows .the Date of the Award. The like appears in MS. Cott. XXV. fo. 19, intituled Explanacio difti de Kenillworthe; and in Liber Horn. London, fo. 20. The Roman Numerals here printed in the Margin refer to the several Chapters of the Award.

NOS auf prefati O. Legatus & H. de Alemann, in capitulis de quibus predi&i xij. fuerunt discordes, Volentes sedm deum 8c equitatis tramitem incedere ita duximus providendu.

In primo iiamq, capitulo, in quo dicunt quidam de exhere- dacione facienda, 8c alii 9o qd non fiat exheredacio set re- dempcio, ill consentimus 8c concordamus qui dicunt non ex- heredacionem sj redepcionem ee prius faciendam ¥, propter quod [patens '] sequens capitulum [Quidam *] incipit si exhe.redacio fieri debeat super vacuum remanere.

In hoc 9o capitulo quod sic incipit, Quidam dicunt pro.vident 8c diffiniunt qd redempcio debeat fieri 8c solvant quan.tum terre illoj valent, 8c c. Ditto illop concordamus qui de v. annis tm provident in hoc cau. Ubi aut [captas] idem capitulu dicunt quidam qd si ultimo termino statuto redi.mens non satisfe?it, medietas Ptc remanrntis remaneat illis quibus terre collatesunt per Regem, Alii dicunt qd due partes illis remaneant, Illop ditto concedim9 qui de medietate dicunt.

In hoc capitulo qd incipit solucio illius redempeionis, 8cc. concordamus eo^ provisioni qui dicunt qd debeat fieri solucio per tres annos, 8cc.

In hoc capitulo qd incipit illi de Kenilworth, 8cc. ditto illoj. consentimus qui dicunt qd infra otto dies debeant respondeie postqÕm eis fuit nunciatum.

In hoc capitulo de Coni de Ferrar concordamus eo^ ditto qui dicunt qd de [ottoÇ] annis.

In hoc capitulo qd incipit milites 8c armigi, 8cc. consenti.mus eoj ditto qui dicunt qd de tercia parte tantum.

In hoc capitulo qd incipit [ceteriJ] dni heredum ubi di- citr per tres vel duos annos concordant9 in eo qd dicitur de duobj annis.

Õ.££ }usjim.zzr.

In hoc capitulo qd incipit omnes de castro, 8cc. ubi dicitur otto vel vij. annis consentimus de vij. annis.

[In hoc capitulo qd dicitur pTovideant dni, 8cc. concorda.mus ut xij. eligantur.6]

In hoc capitulo qd incipit de Castris, 8cc. consentimus ditto eo^ qui dicunt 8c provident qd racionabile escambium terre fiat eis.

Itm dicimus de castris de Erdesleye [Bith'm 8c CertesleyeÕ] qd detur racionabile escambium terre.

In hoc capitulo qd incipit laici, 8cc. consentim9 ditto eof qui dicunt de [xij.*] annis tantumodo.

In hoc capitulo qd incipit coatti vel metu dutti qui fuerunt depredatores, 8cc. concordamus eo^ provisioni qui dicunt infra annu.

In hoc capitulo qd incipit illi qui ad mandatu Com, &c. ditto ilkty consentim9 q' dicut qd per dimidium annum.

Ea $0 omnia que supraditta provisione ditto xij. ab eis sine 11a discordancia sunt provisa 8cordinata firmiter approbamus. In quo^ ornniu testimoniu (È) ppetuam firmitatem Nos (,0) Sci Adriani diaconus Cardinalis & apostolice sedis legatus 8c H. de Alemann Romani Regis filius presences Iras, [8cc.H]

[Dat in castris apud Kenilworth sedo Kalend Novemfcr pontificatus dni C. pp' iiijÒ anno regni R H. fit R Johis L¡ij¡.

Nos aut R. Menevens, W. Exon, W. Bathon, W. Wygorn, Epi, G. de Clare Com Glovernie, Humfridus Hereford Com, P. Basset, J. Bailliol, R. Walraund, Ala Suche, Rogerus de Someri, W. de Bassingbourh, in testimoniu 9itatis omniu 8c singulop scripto^ sigilla nra duximus apponenda.1*]

6 MS. Colt. XXV, omits this Clause.

7 Byh*m et Chesterleye 1

8 duobus È et ÒO. MS. Cott. XXV.

" duxim9 roborandas }

11 Dat in castro apd Kenit sedo Katt Novembr Pontificat* -dni dementis Pape anno iiij'¡. MS. Cott. XXV.

Ex MS. Cott. XXV. fo. 20.

Sequitur Addicio Ditti de Kenillworthe.

Anno sedo post pace dni Reg apd \Vynton pclam dedit dns Rex quasdam Pras, et ten ipo^ qui Symon de Monte forti et conplicibus suis, inimicis ipius Reg, tepore t'bacionis adhe- serant pmissa tn fuit postmod quedam sustentacio, uxoribus mortuoj et cavebatur de uxoribus vivo^ inimicop ne foveret inde Rex inimicos et hoc p consiliu dni M. de Lyttlebu?. Post modu de consilio dni R fee fuerant quedam pvisione de statu exhedatop et alioj qui cu eis fuerant con* Rege ita qd possent in regno morari, 8c vi£tu suu in servic competen- tibus et honestis pq'rere du tfi bene 8c fidelr Regi 8c hed suis, in posteru se herent. Et sitr qd pfugi, ad gram Regis sine picto vite et menbroj admjtterent'. Postmodu vero q, sedm diversitate tempo^ di?se infligende sut pene transgressoribus pdcis mandantu fuit Justic p quodda bre quod vocatur in- stÓccio, qd singtis conquerentibus facerent in suis querci justic Air tn p commissis tepore pads, et at? tempore gerre est insertu in bfi. Et sn* cst qd temp9 gerre incipit qn Rex explicatis vexill ivit cu excercitu suo de Exon usque ad Norhmton continue quosq, t'upho Regi celit9 apd Evesh'm de inimicis suis cocesso pace sua apd Wynton publice pro.clam fecerit, et de reliquiis temporibus currat lex cois sicut prius consuevit; exceptis hiis qui cu Com Glouc apd Suth- werk postea extiterut quos iidem Rex ad pace sua admiserat postea aute qui tempore guerre conpulsi fuerant ad alienand ?ras 8c ten sua, p feoffiimentu vl alio modo he^ant remediu in cur Regis ad terras 8c ten ilia repetenda, p bre dni Reg et

vocabat* tale qualem, et juvabit eos qui recenter post gerram alld impetraverunt, pcessu vero temporis denegabat' eo qd diutina mora non reclamancia videbat' inducere consensu feoffanciu tempore sup'dco.

Bre.ÑRex tali salfm Cu p nos et magnates n?os concordif sit pvisu qd quilibet de regno nfo qÕ fidelitati nre adhesit talem heant seiam de Pris 8c ten suis, qualem inde huerint in pÕ11- cipio gerre pdee tibi {Jcipim9 qd unu mes unam caruc Pre in B. que Joha que fuit ux W. de B. tenuit jus suu una cu jJfato W. viro suo in pÕncipio guerre pdee ut asserit p visit pbop & leg holm capias in manu nram. Et scire facP. filio W. qui seiam jJdce J. inpedit qd sit coram nob a die Pascfi in xv. dies ubicuq, tc f2 imus in Angl si sibi viderit expedire ostens si quid sciat dre quod obstare deat pp? quod dee mes et Pra dee Johe restitui non debeant desicut eciam pdcs P. f)dca mes 8c Pram eidem J. nup recognovit et reddidit in cur nra cora nob. Et heas ibi noia cop p quo^ visit et testimoii dca mes et Pram cepis in manu nram et hoc bre. T. etc apd Westm octavo die Feb? anno re n Li¡.

Ex MS. Harl. 1033,76. IO. b.

Tempus guerre inP Regem 8c Barones fuit a q'rto die April anno regni regis H. fit Regis Johis xJviij¡ usq, ad sex- tudccimu diem Septemb? anno regni ejusdem Regis H. xlix, quo die pax fuit pclamata apud Winton.


Anno 52¡ HENRICI, III. A.D.1267.

£>tatutum De 30arlebtrge.

The STATUTE of MARLBOROUGH.

Ex Lib. Rub. Scacc. Westm.fo. 243. Provisiones fa£te apd Marleberg, psen! Dno Rege H. & R. Rege Alem, & Dno Edwardo fit ejusde H. Reg Primogenit, & Dno Octobono tunc legato in Angt.

ANNO gre M¡ C¡C Lx¡ septimo, regni autem Dili H. Regis nlii Regis Johis quinquagesimo secundo, in O&ab Sci Martini, pvidente ipo Dno Rege, ad regni sui Angt melioracoem & exhibicoem justicie put regalis officii exposcit utilitas meliorem, convocatis discrec6ribj ejusdem regni tam ex majorib3 qÔm minoribj; pvisum est & statutu ac concordir ordinatu, ut cu regnu Angt mttis tribulacbnibj & dissensionu incomodis nup de- pssum, reformac&ne legum & Juriu, quib3 pax & t*nsquillitas incolajs conservetr, indigeat, ad quod re- mediu salubre p ipm Regem & suos fideles oportuit adhiberi, pvisiones, ordinacbes & statuta subsc'pta, ab omibt regni ipius incolis tam majorib3 q*m minorib5 firmit ac inviolabili? tempib3 ppetuis obsvent'.

Cum igitr tempore turbaconis nup in Regno suborte & deinceps, multi Magnates & alii justiciam no dig- nati fuerint recipe p Dfim Regem & Cur ejus, put debSunt & consuevWt tempib3 p*decesso£ ipius Dili Regis & & tempe suo, set de vicinis suis et aliis p seipos graves ulciones fecW, & graves districcones, quousqs redempcones recepint, ad voluntatem suam : Et p>Pea quidam eo£ se justiciari no pm'tant p mini- stros Dili Regis, nc sustineant qd p eos libentÕ distÕc- cbnes quas au&oritate ppria fecunt ad volutatem suam: pvisum est & concordi? concessum, qd tam majores qÔm minores justiciam [faciant1J & recipiant in Cur Dili Regis; et nullus de ceto ulcones aut distccones faciat p ppriarn voluntatem suam, absq^ considacone Cur Dni Regis, si forte dampnu vt in.juria sibi fiat unde emendas here voluÕit de vicino suo, sive majore sive minore.

Sup articulo aute sup'dco pvisum est & concessum, ut si quis de cePo ulcbem h9i capiat p voluntatem suam ppjam, sine considacoe Cur Dili Regis (') & inde covincatÕ, puniatur p redempcbem, & hoc sfdm q*nti- tatem delicti; & simili? si sup vicinu suu faciat dist'c- bbnes sine considacbne Cur Dni Regis, p quod dampnu heat, puniatr eodm modo, & hoc scdm [delitti sui qua- litatem:3] & nichilomin9 fiant emende plene & suffi- cientes eis qui dampnu s9iin$int p h9i dist'ccbero.

' (leant MS. Cott. Claud. D. //¥¥ Lit. Scacc. X. The Copy in MS. Colt, is marked Ex' p rotut.

* ut pdem est MS. Cott.

3 q'ntitatem deli&i MS. Cott : Ut. Scacc. X.

Provisions made at Marlborough in the Presence of our Lord King Henry, and Richard King of the Romans, and the Lord Edward eldest Son of the said King Henry, and the Lord Ottobon, at that Time Legate in England.

IN the Year of Grace, One thousand two hundred sixty-seven, the two-and-fiftieth Year of the Reign of King Henry, Son of King John, in the Utas of Saint Martin, the said King our Lord providing for the better Estate of his Realm of England, and for the more speedy Ministration of Justice, as belongeth to the Office of a King, the more discreet Men of the Realm being called together, as well of the higher as of the lower Estate: ['It was Provided, agreed, and ordained, that whereas the Realm of England of late had been dis.quieted with manifold Troubles and Dissensions; for Reformation whereof Statutes and Laws be right neces.sary, whereby the Peace and Tranquillity of the People must be observed ; wherein the King, intending to devise convenient Remedy, hath made these Adis, Or.dinances, and Statutes underwritten, which he willeth to be observed for ever firmly and inviolably of all his Subjects, as well high as low.1]

WHEREAS at the time of a Commotion late stirred up within this Realm, and also sithence, many great Men, and divers other, [refusing to be justified *J by the King and his Court, like as they ought and were wont in Time of the KingÕs noble Progenitors, and also in his Time ; but took great Revenges and Distresses of their Neighbours, and of other, until they had Amends and Fines at their own Pleasure; and further, some of them [would not be justified!] by the KingÕs Officers, nor [would4] suffer them to make Delivery of such Dis.tresses as they had taken of their own Authority (Ô) ; It is Provided, agreed, and granted, that all Persons, as well of high as of low Estate, shall (6) receive Justice in the KingÕs Court; and none from henceforth shall take any such Revenge or Distress of his own Authority, without Award of [our7] Court, though he have Damage or Injury, whereby he would have amends of his Neighbour either higher or lower.

And upon the foresaid Article It is Provided and granted, that if any from henceforth take such Revenges of his own Authority, without Award of the KingÕs Court as before is said, and be convitt thereof, he shall be punished by Fine, and that according to the Trespass ; and likewise it one Neighbour take a Distress of another without Award of the KingÕs Court, whereby he hath Damage, he shall be punished in the same wise, and that after the Quantity of the Trespass; and nevertheless suf.ficient and full Amends shall be made to them that have sustained Loss by such Distresses.

1 It Òwas Provided and established and with full consent ordained, That [whereas the Realm of England /saving been of late depress l by manifold Troubles and the evils of Dissensions, standeth in need of a Reformation of the Laws and Usages, whereby the Peace and Tranquillity of the People may be preserved, whereto it behoved the King and his luge Men to apply an wholesome Remedy,) the Provisions, Ordinances, and Statutes underwritten, should be f.rm/y and inviolably obtei ved by all the People of the same Realm, as well high at low, for ever.

.J have disdained to be justised

> will not be justised * will

5 at their own Pleasure 6 do, and 7 the King's


L

Of wrongful Distresses, or Defiances of the KingÕ Courts.

Punishment for unlawful Distresses

n.

Distresses

for Suit of Court.

III.

Of resitting the KingÕs Officers in Replevins.

Distresses for Services not due.

IV. Distresses shall not be driven out of the County.

Distresses shall be reasonable.

V.

Confirmation of the Great Charter.

Charter of the Forest.

VI.

Fraudulent Conveyances shall not deprive Ixirds of their Wardships.

Process and Trial to avoid such Conveyances.

MOREOVER, none, of what Estate soever he be, shall distrain any to come to his Court, which is not of his Fee, or upon whom he hath no Jurisdiction, by reason of Hundred, or Bailiwick ('); nor shall take Distresses [out of the Fee or Place where *] he hath no Bailiwick or Jurisdiction: And he that offendeth against this Statute shall be punished in like manner; and that according to the Quantity [and Quality3] of the Trespass.

IF Any, of what Estate soever he be, will not suffer such Distresses as he hath taken, to be delivered by the KingÕs Officers, after the Law and Custom of the Realm, or will not suffer Summons, Attachments, or Execu.tions of Judgments given in the KingÕs Court, to be done according to the Law and Custom of the Realm, [as is aforesaid] he shall be punished in manner afore.said, as one that will not obey the Law, and that accord.ing to the Quantity of the Offence.

And if any, of what Estate soever he be, distrain his Tenant for Services and Customs [being due4] unto him, or for any other Thing, for the which the Lord of the Fee hath Cause to distrain, and after it is found that the same Services are not due, the Lord shall not there.fore be punished by Fine, as in the Cases aforesaid, if he do suffer the Distresses to be delivered according to the Law and Custom of the Realm; but shall be amerced as hitherto hath been used, and the Tenant shall recover his Damages (5) against him.

NONE from henceforth shall cause any Distress that he hath taken, to be driven out of the County where it w as [taken] ; and if one Neighbour do so to another of his own Authority, and without Judgment, he shall make Fine, as above is said, as for a Thing done against the Peace ; nevertheless, if the Lord presume so to do against his Tenant, he shall be grievously punished by Amerciament.

Moreover, Distresses shall be reasonable, and not too great; and he that taketb [great6] and unreasonable Distresses, shall be grievously amerced for the Excess of such Distresses.

THE Great Charter shall be observed in all his Articles, as well in such as pertain to the King, as to other ; and that shall be enquired afore the Justices in Eyre in their Circuits, and afore the Sheriffs in their Counties, when need shall be ; and Writs shall be freely granted against them that do offend, before the King, or the Justices of the Bench, or before Justices in Eyre, when they come into those Parts. Likewise the Charter of the Forest shall be observed in all his Ar.ticles, and the Offenders, when they be convict, shall be [grievously] punished by our Sovereign Lord the King [in Form above mentioned.]

AS touching them that use to infeoff their eldest Sons and Heirs, being within Age, of their Heritage, for to defraud the Lords of the Fee of their Wardships, It is Provided, accorded, and agreed, that by occasion of any such Feoffment no Chief Lord shall leese his Ward. Moreover, touching them that fain false Feoffments of their Lands, which they will lease for Term of Years, for to defraud the Chief Lords of their Wards, wherein it is contained, that they are satisfied of the whole Ser.vice due unto them until a certain Term ; [so 7J that such Feoffees are bound [at8] the said Term to pay a certain Sum [to the Value of the same Lands, or far above ;'] so that after such Term the Land shall return unto them, [or to their Heirs], because no Man will be content to hold it upon the Price ; It is Provided and agreed, that by such Fraud no Chief Lord shall leese his Ward: Nevertheless, it shall not be lawful to them to disseise such Feoffees without Judgment, but they shall have a Writ for to have such a Ward restored unto them ; and by the Witnesses contained in the [Deed'Ò] of Feoff.ment, with other free and lawful Men of the Country, and by the (") Value of the Land, and by the Quantity

1 which ie hit

1 without his Fee, or in place where

5 Not in Original.

4 which he euledgeth to be due i fu^b

6 undue 1 and * after

V much beyond the Value of the Lande,

*Ò Deeds " quantity and

Nullus insup major vt minor distringat aliquem ad veniend ad Cur sua qui no sit de feodo suo, aut sup ipm (Õ) heat jurdcoem p Hundr vi baftam que sua sit; nc dist'ccoes faciat ex* feodum suu seu locu ubi battam (Õ) heat seu jurdebem: Et qui [cont* feSit,3] puniatr eodm m¡ & hoc sSdm delicti qÒntitatem.

Si quis autem major vt minor pmÕtere nolSit libari p ministros Dni Regis & sedm legem & consuetudiem Regni districcoes quas fecit, aut & [si sustinue nolffit execucoes judicop Cur Dni Reg fieri, aut eciam sustiSe nolffit sumonicbes & athachiamta fieri, sedm legem & consuetudiem Regni,4] puniatÕ modo p>dco tanq*m se justiciari no pm'tens, [& hoc sCdm delicti q*ntitatem.!]

Quod si quis major vi minor dist'ccoes faciat sup te.nement suu p 9viciis aut consuetudinib} que sÔ deberi dicat, vt p re altera ufi ad drim feodi ptineat face dist'c.coes, & p9ea convincatÕ qd tenens ej9 ea sibi no debeat, no ideo puniatÕ dns p redempeoem sicut in casibj sup*, dcis, si pm'tat dist'ccbes libari sCdm legem & consue.tudiem Regni; set anJcietÕ velud hadenus fieri consue- vÕit, & tenens dampna sua recupet [plene6] versus eum.

Nullus de ceto du8e faciat dist'ccoes quas fe&t ext* Com in quo fSint: Et si vicinus hoc fecit sup* vicinu p voluntatem suam & sine judico, puniatÕ p redemp- coem ut sup*, veluti de re cont* pacem: Verumptn si Dns hoc sup* tenetem suu fa$e psump^it, castigeiur p g*vem misediam.

Dist'ccoes insup sint ronabiles & no nimis graves: & si quis dist'ccoes fecit inronabiles & indebitas, g*vir an)cietr pp? excessum dist'cconu ipap.

Magna Carta in singulis suis articulis teneatÕ tam in hiis que ad Regem ptinent, quam ad alios; & hoc [Justin7] in itiSibj suis, & Viif in suis Comil, cu opus fait, demandetÕ; & bria versus eos qui cont*veSint, g*tis concedant' cora Rege vel cora (8) banco vt coram JustiC itinJantibj cu veSint ad ptes illas. ['Carta ins* de Foresta in singtis suis artictis u'q, teneatur, & contra veientes p ipm drim Reg cu ind covi&i faint puniant'.Õ]

De hiis aute qui p'mogenitos & hedes suos infra etatem existentes feoffare solent de heditate sua, ut p hoc am'terent Dni feodop custodias suas, pvisum est concordi? & concessum ut occone h9i feoffamti nul.lus capit dns custodia sua am'tat.

De hiis insup qui de tVis suis, quas tradere volunt ad tminu annop, & ut Dni feodop am'tant custodias suas, falsa confingunt feoffamenta gtinencia qd eis satisfCm est de summ* €vicii in illis contenti usq, ad t'minu alique; [&,0] qd post dem ?minu solv^e teneantÕ h9i feoffati summa aliqua valore t rap illap in multo excedente, ut sic p9 tÕminu ilium fra eop revÕtatÕ ad ipos, eo qd nemo [eas"] p tanto teSe curaret; pvisum est & concessum, ut p h9i fraudein nullus capif Dns am'tat custodiam suam: verumptn no licebit eis hsi feoffatos sine judicb dissey- sire, set bre [capiant Ò] de h9i custodia s' reddenda, & p testes in cartis de huj9modi feoffamentis contentos, una cu aliis libis & legaliby de pat'a, & p q*ntitatem [valorisIJ] tenemti, & p q'ntitatem summe que (Õ4) reddi

1 non MS. Cott: Lib. Scacc. X: MS. Rtnul. 277.

* non MS. Cott: Lib. Scacc. X.

3 contra hoc statutum veSit MS. Cott : Lib. Scacc. X.

4 aut eciam sustinere noluerit sumoniciones &c attachiamen- ta, seu execuciones judicioj Cur dni Regis fieri, MS. Cott.

5 MS. Cott. omits. 6 MS. Cott. omits.

¥ jusTc deStlE ltiSintlb} } MS. Cott: Lib. Scacc. X.

' This Clause is inserted in the Text from Rot. Bodl.ÑLib Rub. Scacc i Lib. Scacc.,X ; MS.Cott Claud. D. II; MS. Harl. foil, and several antient Manuscripts omit this Clause. All the Printed Copies insert it.

10 ita MS. Cott. " cam Rot. Bodl.

u Sde1 Ó & Tal¡rera } MS- ¥¥ LibÔ Sc*Ò'XÕ


debet post 9mmu Pdthn, attingat' utru h9i feoffamentu bona fide fan sit vt in fraudem ad auferend capital^ dnis (') custodiam suatn. Si tain capitales Dni p judicifi Cur recupent in h9i casibj custodiam suam, salva sit nichilo- min9 h9i feoffatis acc6 sua, (*) ad ?minu seu ad feodum suu recupandu (Õ) cum ties ad leg'tima etatem pveSit.

Qi si aliqui capitales Dni feoffatos aliquos mali- ffise inplacitavint fingentes casum istu, ubi feoffamenta leg*time & bona fide fafta fSint, tunc adjudicent' feof- fatis dampna sua & mise sue quas fe?int occbe pla.cid predci, & ipi adores p miam g*viter puniant'.

In placito vero comuni de custodiis si ad magna dis- t'cfbem n5 veSint deforciantes, tunc bis vt ter iteretur bre pdcm, ad ?minos quibj potit fieri inf" mediet anni sequentis, Iia qd singulis vicibj legat' bre in pleno Comit [n14] p'us invent9 fSit deforciator, & ibi pup- blice denuciet' ut veniat ad diem sibi pfixu. Qd si ipe se sbt*xerit ita qd inf* predcam medief anni responsur9 no venerit, nc Vi? ilium invenire possit, p quod corpus suu llere possit cora Justiciar ad respond scdm legem & consuetudiem regni, tuc tanq*m rebellis & se justiciari no pm'tens, am'tat seysina ti9i custodie, salva s' alias accone sua si forte jus beat ad eandm. In casibj aute ubi custodie pdnent ad [custodes*] bedu infa etatem exnciu [8c versus custodes ipos petunt' custodie6] que accidunt hedibj [illis7] tanq*m ptinentes ad eo£ hedi- tatem, no am'tant b9i fiedes infa etatem exntes, (*) p neggligenciam vt rebellions sui c9todis, sicut in casu su- pradco, set c'rat [lis9] eodem modo quo p'us consuevit.

Uli aute qui p i?ata disseysina capti fuint & detenti, no delifeent' sine spali pcepto Regis & [cum,0] p fine cu Dno Rege faciend p h9i tÕnsgressione sua. Et si comptu fSit qd Vic eos ali? delibaPit, gravit pp? hoc atSciet'; & n'omin9 illi qui p ViC sine p>cepto Reg [delitSant'"] pro sua tr*nsgressione puniant'.

De se&is siquidem faciend ad Cur Magnatu & alio£ dno£ ipa£ Cur de ce?o sic ob^vand est, scitt qd null us qui p cartam feoffat9 e distÕngat' de ceto ad h9i sect am faciendam ad cur dni sui nÔ p cartam forma carte sue spali? teneat' ad settam illam facienda: Hiis tn ex- ceptis quop antecessores, vt ipimet h9i seclam fa?e con- suev'unt ante p'ma t'nsffetacoem Dili Regis in Britanii, a tempe cuj9 tÕnsfretacbnis elapsi sunt [t'ginta & nove anni & medietas uni9 anni "] tempe quo tl9i constitu- cones fffant statute. Et simili? nullus feoffat9 sine carta a tempe conquestus vt alio antiquo feoffamto dist'ngat' de ce?o ad tl9i se&am faciendam, nÔ ipe & antecessores sui earn fa?e consuevWt ante t*nsfretac6em Dili Regis sup'ddm. Qui aute p cartam p certo svieb veluti p libero €vico tot solid annuatim p omi svieb solvendo^ feoffati sunt, ad seftam vt aliud ult* forma sui feoffamenti, no teneantur. Et si fieditas aliqua de qua unica sedta tin [debebat'13 j ad plures tledes ptici- pes ejusdem fleditat devolvat' ille qui ht eyneciam

1 feodi MS. Celt. ' quam MS. Cott.

1 inde fiuerint MS. Cott. 4 ubi MS. Cott.

* custodias MS. Cott: Lit. Scat. X.

6 St ubi custodes petunt custodias MS.Cott: Lit. Scac. X. i vel MS.Cott: Lit. Scac. X. Ç n' Lit. Scac. X.

Õ Lex ffiis MS. Cott: Lit. Scac. X.

,l> hoc MS.Cott: Lit. Scac. X.

11 sic libent' MS. Cott: Ut. Scacc. X.

xxx anni 8c medietas unius anni, a Lit. Scac. X- xx*1 8c novem anni 8c dimid Rot.Claus. 44Hen.III. m.lj d. triginta 8c duo anni Rot.Pat. 47 Hen. III. m. 14. in cedula.

[For the Provisions entered on these Close ind Patent Rolls, See page 8, See. of this Volume.]

13 debeat' MS.Cott: Lit. Scac. X.

of the Sum payable after the Term, it shall be tried whether such Feoffments were made bona fide, or by Collusion, to defraud the Chief Lords of the Fee of their Wards. And if the Chief Lords in such Cases recover their Wards by Judgment (1) the Feoffees shall nevertheless have their A Sion [to recover such Term or Fee, which they had therein,*] when the Heirs come to their lawful Age.

And if any Chief Lords do maliciously implead such Feoffees, faining this Case, namely, where the Feoffments were made [lawful3] and in good faith, then the Feof.fees shall have their Damages awarded, and their Costs which they have sustained by occasion of the foresaid Plea, and the Plaintiffs shall be grievously punished by Amerciament.

IN [a Plea of Communi Custodia,4] if the Deforceors come not at the great Distress, then the said Writ shall be renewed twice or thrice, at such Terms as it may be done within the half year following, so that every time the Writ shall be read in the open County, if the De.forceor be not found before, and there openly be pro.claimed, that he may come at the day limited (3); [so that if6] he absent himself then, [and7] come not to answer within the said half year, [nor the Sheriff cannot get his Body, to have it*] before our Justices to an.swer according to the Law and Custom of the Realm, then as a Rebel, and such a one as will not be justified, he shall lose the Seisin of his Ward; saving to him his A&ion at another time, if he have any right to the same. But in such cases, where the Wardships belong to the Guardians of Wards being within Age, and [where the Guardians demand a Wardship which belongeth to the Heir, or as appertaining to their Inheritance,9] such Heirs within Age [shall not leese their Inheritance10] by the Negligence or Rebellion of their Guardians, as in the case arore rehearsed ; but let the Common Law run in like manner as it hath been accustomed to do.

THEY which be taken and imprisoned for Redisseisin, shall not be delivered without special Commandment of our Lord the King, and shall make Fine with our Lord the King for their Trespass. And if it be found, that the Sheriff delivereth any contrary to this Ordinance, he shall be grievously amerced therefore ; and nevertheless, they which are so delivered by the Sheriff without the KingÕs Commandment, shall be [grievously] punished for their Trespass.

FOR doing Suits unto Courts of great Lords, [or of meaner Persons,"] from henceforth this Order shall be observed; That none that is infeoffed by Deed, from henceforth shall be distrained to do such Suit to the Court of his Lord, without he be specially bound there.to by the Form of his Deed: These only except, whose Ancestors or they themselves, have used to do such Suit before the first voyage of the [said] King [Henry] into [Britain,11] since which nine and thirty years and an half are passed, [unto the time11] that these Sta.tutes were enafted. Likewise from henceforth none that is infeoffed without Deed, from the Time of the Conquest, or (,4) any other ancient Feoffment, shall be distrained to do such Suits, unless that he or his An.cestors used to do it before the said Voyage (IJ). And they that are infeoffed by Deed to do a certain Service, as for (Ò) Service of so many Shillings by Year, to be [acquitted 17 ] of all Service, from henceforth shall not be bounden to such Suits, or other like, contrary unto the Form of their Feoffment. And if any Inheritance, whereof but one Suit is due, descend unto many Heirs, (")as unto Parceners, whoso hath the eldest Part of

1 of the Court

1 ivhuh, to recover their Term or Fee therein, they might have,

3 lawfully 4 the common plea for wardship

5 for him 6 and if r so that he

8 and the Sheriff cannot find him, to that he may have his tody Èthe Wardships that fall to the Heirs as appertaining to their Inhe.ritance are demanded against the Guardians themselves,

10 shall not suffer Ò and others the Lords of those Courts

** Brittany 13 at the time 14 ty

>5 of our Lord the King 16 the free Õ1 paid in lieu

18 of the same Inheritance

Vol. L

zed by Go gle

Saving of Suits to Feoffees.

Damages, and Colts upon malicious Suits by Lords.

VII.

Of the Writ of Ward and Process thereon.

Saving for Heirs within Age.

VIII. Of Persons taken for Redisscisin.

IX.

Who shall do Suits of Court.

Suits of Court, by Parcener., See.

The TenantÕs Remedy against the Lord, distraining for Suits not due.

The LordÕs

Remedy

against the

Tenants,

withholding

their due

Suits.

X.

Exemptions from attend.ing the SheriffÕs Turns.

XI.

No Fines for Beaupleader.

the Inheritance, shall do that one Suit for himself and his Fellows, and the other Coheirs shall be Contribu- taries, according to their Portion, for doing such Suit. And if many Feoffees be seised of an Inheritance, whereof but one Suit is due, the Lord of the Fee shall have but that one Suit; and shall not exaft of the said Inheritance but that one Suit, as hath been used to be done before. And if those Feoffees have no [War.rant1] or Mean which ought to acquit them, then all the Feoffees, according to their Portion, shall be Con- tributaries for doing [the Suit for them.1]

And if it chance that the Lords [of the Fee3] do distrain their Tenants for such Suits, contrary to this AS, then at the Complaint of the Tenants, the Lords shall be attached to appear in the KingÕs Court at a short Day, to make Answer thereto, and shall have but one Essoin therein, if they be within the Realm; and immediately the Beasts, or other Distresses taken by this Occasion, shall be delivered to the Plaintiff, and so shall remain, until the Plea (4) betwixt them be determined. And if the Lords of the Courts which took (5) Distresses, come not at the Day that they were attached, or do not keep the Day given to them by Essoin, then the Sheriff shall be commanded to cause them to come at another Day ; at which Day, if they come not, then he shall be commanded to distrain them by all [their Goods and Chattels] that they have in [the Shire,6] so that the She.riff shall answer to the King of the Issues [of the said Inheritance] ; and that he have their Bodies [before our Justices] at a certain Day limited ; so that if they come not at that Day, the Party Plaintiff shall go without Day, and his Beasts, or other Distresses [taken by that colour,] shall remain delivered, until the same Lords have reco.vered the same Suit by Award of the KingÕs Court: And in the mean time such Distresses shall cease ; saving to the Lords of the Court their Right to recover those Suits in Form of Law, when they will sue therefore. And when the Lords of the Courts come in to answer the Plaintiffs of such [Trespasses/] and be convift there.upon ; then, by Award of the [KingÕs] Court, the Plain.tiffs shall recover against them the Damages that they have sustained by occasion of the said Distress.

Likewise if the Tenants, after this Aft, withdraw from their Lord such Suits as they [were wont8] to do, and which [they did9] before the 'l ime of the said Voyage, and hitherto (IO) used to do ; then by like Speediness of Justice, as be to limiting of Days, and awarding of Distresses, the Lords of the Court shall obtain Justice to recover their Suits, with their Damages, in like man.ner as the Tenants should recover theirs: And this recovering of Damages must be understood of with.drawing from themselves, and not of withdrawing from their Ancestors : nevertheless, the Lords of the Court shall not recover Seisin of such Suits against their Tenants by Default, [as they were wont to do."] And touching Suits withdrawn before the Time afore men.tioned, let the Common Law run as it was wont before time.

FOR the Turns of Sheriffs, It is Provided, That Arch.bishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, Barons, nor any Religious Men or Women, shall not need to come thither, except their Appearance be especially required thereat for some [other] cause ; but the Turn shall be kept as it hath been used in the times of the KingÕs [noble Progenitors."] And they that have [Hundreds of their own to be kept/3] shall not be bound to appear at any such Turns, but in the Bailiwicks where they be dwelling. And the Turns shall be kept after the Form of the (") Great Charter, and as they were used (l5) in the times of King Richard and King John.

IT is Provided also, That from henceforth neither in the Circuit of Justicers, nor in [Counties, Hundreds, andÕ6] Court Barons, any Fines shall be taken of any

1 Warrantor * that Suit.

* thereof 3 each

1 Distreseee 8 ought

¥> omit these words.

Ò as that hath not been the Custom heretofore. u Tenements in divers Hundreds

s of Courts 4 his Bailiwici

10 they have

11 Predecessors

** King's 15 to be kept

16 County-Courts, Hundreds, nor

ej9dem heditat unicam faciat seftam p se & pticipibj suis, & alii pticipes sui p porcone sua contribuant, ad seftam illam faciendam. Simili? si plures feoffati fSint de heditate aliqÔ de q* unica sefta [debebatur,1] dns feodi illius unica inde heat seftam, nc possit de heredi- tate ilia nisi unica seftam exig?e sicut pÔus fieri con- suevit. Et si feoffati illi waran! vei mediu n5 heant qui eos inde acqÕetare debeat tuc omes feoffati illi cont'buant p porcone sua ad seftam illam faciendam

Si aute contingat qd Dili Cur tenentes suos cont* hanc pvisione p h9i sefta distringant tuc ad querimonia tenenciu illo^ atthachientÕ qd ad Cur Dni Regis veniant ad breve diem inde respons, & unicu heant essoii si fuW in regno, & incontineti delibentur av*ia conque- renti sive alie districcones hac occbne fafte, & delibata remaneant donc placitu inde in? eos ?minetr. Et si Dni Cur qui h9i districcones fe?int ad diem ad quem atthachiati fSint no veniint, vt diem s1 datu p essoii no ob^vavW, tunc mandetÕ Vic qd eos ad aliu diem venif fad; ad quem diem si n5 veiiint mandetÕ Vic qd dis- tÕngat eos p oinia que hent in batta sua Ita qd Vic Dno Regi respondeat de exit; & qd heat corps eop ad Ctum diem p>figendu; Ita qd si die illo no vefiint ps conquerens eat sine die, & avia sive alie districcones delibate remaneant, donc ipi Dili seftam illam recupa- vW, p considacoem C.uf Dili Regis : Et cessent in?im distÔcc6nes h9i, salvo Dnis Cur jure suo de seftis illis pquirend in [forma1] jur cu inde loqui volSint. Et cu dni Cur veSint responsur conquerent de h9i [dis- tricconibj3] & sup hoc covincat', tunc p consideracoem Cur recupent vers9 eos conquerentes dampna sua que s9tinSunt occasione dist'cconis predee.

Simili aut modo si tenentes p9 hanc constituc&em subtrahant Dhis suis seftas quas fa&e debent & quas ante temp9 supÕdee t*nsfretac6nis & haften9 fa?e con- suevWt, p eandm justiciam & celeritatem quoad dies p>figendos, & districcones adjudicandas, 9seq*ntur Dni Cur justiciam de seftis illis una cu dampnis suis, quem- admod teiites dampna sua recupant: & hoc scitt de dampnis recupand intelligatur de subtÕccbnibj sibi feis & nd de subt'ccbnibj feis pdecessoribj ipoj>: verumptn Dni Cur vers9 tenetes suos seysina de seftis h9i re- cupare nd potunt p defaltam [sicut nc haftenus fieri consuevit.11] De seftis aute que ante temp9 predem subtÕfte f&unt, currat lex edmunis sicut p'us currere consuevit.

De turnis Vicecom pvisum est qd ncce nd heant ibi venire Archiepi, Epi, Abbes, Priores, Comites, Barones, nc aliqui viri religiosi seu mulieres, n1 eoji psencia (s) spali? exigatÕ; set teneatÕ tumus sicut tempibj pdeces- soj> Dni Regis teSi consuevit. Et si qui in hundr di?sis heant teneifita, nd heant ncce ad h9i tumos ve.nire, n' in battis ubi fuint convÕsantes. Et teneant' tÕni sedm forma magne carte Regis, & sicut tempibj Regu Rici & Johis terii consue?unt.

Provisum est & qd nc in itiSe Justiciar, nc in comit, hundr, nc in Cur Baronu de ce?o capiantÕ fines (6)

1 debeat' MS. Colt: Lib. X.

1 forma MS.Cott: Lib. X: Rot. Claus : Rot. Pat.

> Vnsgressionibj MS.Cott: Lib. Scat. X.

4 sicut haftenus fieri consuevit MS. Cott: Lib. Scat. X.Ñ Rot. Claus. Is" Rot. Pat. read as in the Text.

3 ob aliqÕm causam MS.Cott. 4 ab aliquibt MS.Cott.


i

i

i

i

t

i

I

a

cf

e

a

ii

P

k

ii

SB

k

si

1

2 Su

Eft

u

i*

in

3*

h

p

È

1

su.

it

fa

p pulcre placitando net}, p sic qd no occonent'. Et sciend qd p istam consdtucoem no tollunt' fines certi *eu p>itac6nes arentate a tempe quo p'mo t*nsfretavit Rex in Britanii usq, nuc.

In placito vero dotis qd dicitr unde nichil fit, dent' de cero quatuor dies p annu ad min9, & plures, si comode fieri possit. Ita qd fceantr sex dies vt quinq, ad min9 p annu.

In assisa aute ultime psentaconis & in placito quare inpedit de ecCiis vacantib} detr dies de quindena in quindena, vt de t'bj septim in tres septim put locus ppinquus f8it vt remot9. Et in placito quare inpedit si ad p'mu diem ad quern sumonit9 fait n5 veSit n' esson miserit inpeditor, tuc athachiet' ad diem aliu, quo die si no veniat nc esson m'tat dist'ngat' p magna districc&em supradfam : Et si tunc no ven!it p ej9 de.faltam sc'bat* Epo (Ô) qd reclamacb inpeditoris ilia vice conquerenti no obsistat; salvo impeditori alias jure suo cu inde loqui volSit.

Eadem lex de athachianitis faciend in omibj bribj ubi attachiaitita jacent, de cefo quo ad dist'ccones fa.ciend firmi? obsvetur. Ita tn qd scdm attachiamtu [sit1] p meliores pleg & p9mod ultima [rest'ccio.1]

Et sciend qd p9q*m aliquis pos2it se in inquisicoem aliqua que en)sit vel eiSgere potest in h9i bribj, no fiebit n' unicu esson vel unica defaltam j Ita scitt qd si ad diem s' datu p esson suu no veniit, aut [scdam4] defaltam fec?it, tuc inquisico ilia p defaltam ipius capiat',

& scdm inquisicoem ad judm pcedat'. Si v¡ inquisico ilia capta fuit [in com cora coronatoribj vt!] Justiciar Regis ad certu diem (6) rem'tenda, & [ps ea7] no venSt ad diem illu, tuc ppt defaltam ipius assignet' ei alius dies scdm discrecoem Justiciar, & mandet' Vi? qd ad diem ilium ipm venire faciat ad aud judm suu si velit s£dm inquisicoem ilia; ad quern diem si no ve- 8it pcedat' ad judm ppt defalta sua. Eodm m" fiat si n5 veniat ad die s' dat p esson suu.

De cartis vero exempc&nis & libtatis ne ponant' in- pet*ntes in assisis, juratis, vt recogniconibj, pvisum est qd si adeo n?£"m sit eojj juramentu qd sine eo justicia exhiberi no possit, veluti in magna assisa & in pam- btonibj, fit ubi ini cartis vt sc'ptis covenconu fSint testes noiati, aut in attinftis, vt aliis casibj consimilifej jurare cogant'; salva s' alias libtate & exempcone sua predca.

[Nulli de cetero liceat ex qÕcumq, causa distric- cones facere ext" feodum suu, neq, in regia aut coi strata, nisi Dno Regi & ministris suis.ÕJ

Si fies aliquis post mortem sui ancessoris inf* eta- tem extiPit, & dns suus custodiam 9rap suap fiuerit, si dns ille dco fiedi cu ad leg'tima etatem pvenlit tram suam sine pto reddere noluit, bes ille tram suam [ut p morte ancessoris sui9] recupabit, una cu dampnis que s9tin2it ppV detencoem illam a tempe quo f2it leg'time etatis. Qd si fies aliquis in morte sui an.cessoris plene fu*it etatis, & fies ille apparens & p fiede cognit9 invent9 f&it in fieditate ilia, capitalis dns ejus eu no eiciat, nr aliquid ibi capiat vt amoveat, S3 tm inde simplicem seysina faciat p recognicone

' loci MS. Celt. * fiat MS.Cott.

1 dist'cco MS. Cott : Lit. X: Rot. Pat.

* si scdo die MS. Cott.

f in Com p Vic vel p Coronatorem, ad MS.Cott. p Vic in Com, vt p coronatore, ad Lit. Scac. X.

[ Rot. Pat. as Text. 6 est Printed Copies.

' pars rea MS.Cott: Rot. Pat: Lit.X.

s This Clause is inserted in the Text from the Close Roll.Ñ Lit. Rut. Scat, ftf Lit. X. omit the Clause.ÑRot. Pat; MS. Cott; Rot Bodl: several MSS. and the Printed Copies inÇert it, in thii place. , f ut de morte sui antecessoris Rot. Claus: Rot. Pat.

I p ass'm mortis antecessoris sui MS. Cott: Lit. Scac. X.

Man for Fair-pleading, [nor so that any Occasion shall be.Õ] And it is to be Known, that by this Aft Fines certain, or [Loans*] assessed since the Time that our Lord the King first passed into [Britain,*] (') are not taken away.

IN a Plea of Dower, that is called Unde nihil habet, XII. _ from henceforth Four Days shall be given in the Year at Of Dkp" the least, and more if conveniently it may be, so that Dower i "

[they shall have five or six Days5] at the least in the Year.

In Assises of Darraine Presentment, and in a Plea of of DÈy* in Quare impedit, of Churches vacant, Days shall be Court m given from fifteen (6) to fifteen, or from three Weeks to prtwntment, three Weeks, as the Place shall hap to be near or far. and Quare And in a Plea of Quare impedit, if the Disturber come Imp'dit. not at the first Day that he is summoned, nor cast no Proceaa in Essoin, then he shall be attached [at7] another Day ; at which Day if he come not, nor cast no Essoin, he shall mp^ Ô be distrained by the great Distress [above given *] : And if he come not then, by his Default a Writ shall go to the Bishop of the same place, that the Claim of the Disturber for that time shall not be prejudicial to the Plaintiff; saving to the Disturber his Right at another time, when he will sue therefore.

The same Law, as to the making of Attachments, Process upon shall from henceforth be observed in all Writs where Attachments. Attachments lie, [as in making'] Distresses: (,0) so that the second Attachment shall be made by better Pledges, and afterwards the last Distress.

AND It is to be known, after that a Man hath put XIII. himself upon any Enquest, the which hath (Ò) or ^[efIssue [must '*] pass in such manner of Writs, he shall have jmw(j but one Essoin, or one Default; so that if he come not proceeaingÈ at the Day given to him by the Essoin, or make Default on Default, the second Day, then the Enquest shall be taken by his Default; and according to the same Enquest they shall proceed to Judgement. And if such Enquest be taken in the County, before the Sheriff or Coroners, it shall be returned unto the KingÕs Justices at a certain Day ; and if the Party Defendant come not at that Day, then, upon his Default, another Day shall be as.signed to him after the discretion of the Justices ¥, and it shall be commanded to the Sheriff, that he cause him to come to hear the Judgement, if he will, according to the Enquest; at which Day, if he come not, upon his Default they shall proceed to Judgement. In like man.ner it shall be done, if he come not at the Day given unto him by his Essoin.

CONCERNING Charters of Exemption and Liber- XIV. ties, that the Purchaser shall not be impanelled in As- Exemptions sises, Juries, and Enquests ; It is Provided, That if their rom une*" Oaths be so requisite, that without them Justice cannot be ministred, as in great Assises, Perambulations, and in Deeds or Writings of Covenants, where they be named for Witnesses, or in Attaints, and in other cases like, they shall be compelled to swear; saving to them at another time their foresaid Liberty and Exemption.

IT shall be lawful for no Man from henceforth, for In any manner of cause, to take Distresses out of his Fee, piacã nor in the KingÕs Highway, nor in the common Street, DiitresÈÈ but only to the King or his Officers, [having special "ol ** authority to do the same.] tÈkÇi.

IF any Heir after the Death of his Ancestor be within XVI.

Age, and his Lord have the Ward of his Lands [and The Heir-* Tenements,] if the I.ord will not render unto the Heir /fter

his Land, when he cometh to his full Age, without Plea, fo^Landl the Heir shall recover his Land (Ó) by Assise of Mort- withholden. dauncestor, with the Damages that he hath sustained by such withholding, since the time that he was of full Age. And if an Heir at the time of his Ances- Simple Rei*iÈ torÕs Death be of full Age, and [he is Heir apparent, onlY,hl" ** and known for Heir,and'*] be found in the Inheritance,

[theÒ] Chief Lord shall not put him out, nor take, full Agr. nor remove any thing there, but shall take only simple Seisin therefore for the Recognition of his Seigniory,

* nor for not being troubled on that account.

I Payments 3 Brittany 4 till now

5 there shall be allowed six or Jive Days

6 days 7 to 8 above mentioned

9 as to the making of ?,> yet

II passed l% may 11 as

14 such Heir apparent and known to he the Heir his


The King ¥hall have Primer Seisin, of Lands holden of him in chief.

XVII.

The Duty of Guardians in Socage.

XVIII. Amerce.ments for Defaults restrained.

XX.

In County Courts, &c. Essoin need not be sworn.

XIX.

Plea of false Judgment confined to the KingÕs Courts.

XXI.

Sheriff, upon Plaint, shall malce Replevins.

XXII Compelling Freeholders to answer, &c.

XXIII.

Remedy

against

Accountants.

Farmers shall do no Waste.

Remedy

thereon.

[that he may be known for Lord.] And if the Chief Lord do [put1] such an Heir out of the Possession maliciously, whereby he is driven to purchase a Writ of Mortdauncestor, or of Cousenage, then he shall recover his Damages as in Assise of Novel disseisin.

Touching [Heirs which holdl] of our Lord the King in chief, this Order shall be observed; That our Lord the King shall have the first Seisin [of their Lands,1] like as he was wont to have before time; Neither shall the Heir, nor any other, intrude into the same Inheritance, before he hath received it out of the KingÕs Hands, as [the same Inheritance was *] wont to be taken out of his Hands and his Ancestors [in times past.5] And this must be understood of Lands and Fees, the which were accustomed to be in the KingÕs Hands, by reason of KnightÕs Service, or Serjeanty, or Right of Patronage.

IT is Provided, That if Land holden in Socage be in the Custody of the [Friends6] of the Heir, because the Heir is within Age, the Guardians shall make no Waste, nor Sale, nor any Destruction of the same Inheritance ; but safely shall keep it to the use of the said Heir: So that when he cometh to his lawful Age, they shall answer to him for the Issues of the said Inheritance by a lawful Accompt, saving to the same Guardians their reasonable Costs. Neither shall the said Guardians give or sell the Marriage of such an Heir, but to the Advantage of the foresaid Heir: But the next [Friends6] which had the Ward, for all that time that Writs of impleading did not lie, shall have such Wardship unto the Advantage of the Heir, as is said before, without Waste, [Sale,7] or Destruction making.

NO Escheator, Commissioner, or Justicer specially assigned to take (*) Assises, or to hear and determine (') Matters, from henceforth shall have Power to amerce for Default of common Summons, but the Chief Jus.tices, or the Justices in Eyre in their Circuits.

TOUCHING Essoins, It is Provided, That in Counties, Hundreds, or in Courts Barons, or in other Courts, none shall need to swear to warrant his Essoin.

NONE from henceforth, except our Lord the King, shall hold in his Court any Plea of false Judgement, given in the Court of his Tenants ; for such Plea spe.cially belongeth to the Crown and Dignity of our Lord the King.

IT is Provided also, That if the Beasts of any Man be taken, and wrongfully withholden, the Sheriff, after Complaint made to him thereof, may deliver them with.out Let or Gainsaying of him that took the Beasts, if they were taken out of Liberties : And if the Beasts were taken within any Liberties, and the Bailiffs of the Li.berty will not deliver them, then the Sheriff, for De.fault of those Bailiffs, shall cause them to be delivered.

NONE from henceforth may distrain his Freeholders to answer for their Freeholds, nor for any Things touching their Freehold, without the KingÕs Writ; nor shall cause his Freeholders to swear against their Wills; for no Man may do that without the KingÕs Com.mandment.

IT is Provided also, That if Bailiffs, which ought to make Account to their Lords, do withdraw themselves, and have no Lands nor Tenements whereby they may be distrained ; then they shall be attached by their Bodies ; so that the Sheriff, in whose Bailiwick they be found, shall cause them to come to make their Account.

Also Fermors, during their Terms, shall not make Waste, Sale, nor Exile of [House,9] Woods, Men, nor of any Thing belonging to the Tenements that they have to ferm, without special Licence had by Writing of Covenant, making mention that they may do it; which thing if they do, and thereof be convift, they shall yield full Damage, and shall be punished by Amerciament grievously.

1 hold

1 Inheritaunces which be holden 4 stick Inheritances -were 9 Kinsfolke * certain

Ô thereof 5 Not in Original. 7 Exile

9 Houses

[dni'] sui. Et si capital dns h9i hedem ex* seys*m malicose teneat p quod p accoem mortis ancessoris vt 9sanguinitatis opteat ipm placitare, tuc dampna sua recupet sicut in accone nove disseysine.

De heditatibj aute que de dno Rege tenentÕ in capite, sic observand est; ut dns Rex [libam Õ] inde heat seys*m sicut pÔus consuevit; nec ties vt alius in heditate illam se intrudat [p9q*m3] illam de manibj Dru Regis recipiat, put h9i heditate* de manibj ipius k ancessop suop tecipi consuevÕint. Et hoc intelligatÕ de tris & feodis [in4] rone ^vicii militaris vt sjancie seu jur pa- t¡nat9 [que5] in manu }Jc esse cosuevWt.

Provisum est Sc qd si fra que tenetÕ in socagio sit in c9todia pentu hedis, eo qd ties inf* etatem exstifit, custodes illi vastu fac?e no possint neqv vendicSem neq, aliq'm destruccbem de heditate; S3 salvo earn custodiant ad opus dSi hedis: Ita qd cu ad etate pveSit, sibi re- spondeant p leg'tima computacoem de exiiib3 dde hedi- tatis; salvis ipis custody ronabilib} misis suis. Nec & possunt dci custodes maritagiu dci hedis vende nc dare n' ad comodu dci hedis. S3 pentes ppinq'ores qui h9i custodiam h&int, a toto tempe illo a quo bna inplacitandi no conceduntÕ, h9i custodias heant ad comodu hedis ut pdcm est, sine vasto, exilio, vel destrucc&ne faciend.

Nullus Escaetor aut Inquisitor vt Justic ad assisas aliquas capiend (6) assignat9, vt ad querelas aliquas audiendas & t minandas de ct?o potestate heant alique anJciandi p defalta cois sumonicois, n1 [capital Justiciar vt Justiciar itinlantes 7] I itiffiby suis. (*)

De essoniis aute pvisum est qd in Comil, Hundr, aut Cur Baronu vt aliis, nullus heat nCCe jurare p essoii suo warantizand.

Nullus de cefo excepto Dno Rege teneant placitu in cur sua de fto judifo fco in cur tenenciu suop; q> h9! placita spali? ptinent ad corona & dignitatem dni Regis.

Provisum est Sc qd si a9ia alicuj9 capiantÕ & inj9te detineantÕ, Vic p9 querimonia sibi inde fi?am, ea sine inpedinito vel cont'dcfine ejus ql dca av*ia cepit deli- hare possit, si ext* libtates capfa fuint: Et si inf* lib- tates h9i av^ia capiantÕ & batti libtatu ea delihare nolSint, tuc Vic p defeftu eojdem battop ea faciat delihari.

Nullus de ce?o possit dist'nge libe tenentes suos ad respondend de libo tenem suo nc de aliquib3 ad libum tenem suu spÕtantiby (9); n' jurare faciat libe tenentes suos cont* voluntatem sua ; desicut hoc nullus fa?e potest sine ptapto Dni Regis.

Provisum est & qd (10) baHi qui compotu dnis suis redde tenentÕ [&"] se subt*xerint, & V1 ras vt tenemta n5 hSint p que disfngi possint, tc p eoj> corpora at- tachientÕ; Ita qd Vic in quop battis inveniant' eos venire fa£ ad compot suu reddend.

Item firmar tempe firmap suaj> vastum, vendicoem, seu exiliu no faciant, in domiby, boscis, hoil>3, neq, de aliquib3 ad tenemta q' ad firma bent spctantib3, n1 spalem (") hSint concessions [p sc'pturam,J] [sive covencbnis mencoem14] (l5) qd hoc fac?e possint. Et si fePint & sup hoc convincantÕ dampna plene re- fundent, & g*vi? p miam puniant'.

1 dominii Rot. Claus : Rot. Pat: MS. Cctt.

Ô primam Printed Copies. 3 priusqam MS.Colt; Lib.Scac.X.

4 que MS.Cott: Rot.Bodl. 5 Interlined.

6 speciatr MS. Cott: Lib. X: Rot. Claus.

i Capitales Justic MS. Cott.

8 Viris autem religiosis no liceat ingredi feodu alicujus sine li- cencia capital dni, de quo sett res ipa immediate tenet' Rot.Claus.

A similar Clause is inserted as part of this Chapter of the Statute of Marlborough, in MS.Harl. 502a; and in HawkinsÕs and subsequent Printed Copies of the Statutes.

9 / sine bri Reg, Rot.Claus. 10 si MS. Cott.

(. sine bri dni Reg, Rot. Pat. 11 MS. Cott. omits.

14 inde MS. Cott. '¥ MS. Cott: Lib. Scacc. X. omit.

14 sue covencionis men com hntis Rot. Claus : Rot. Pat.

Ôs ad Lib. X.Ñadeo MS. Cott.


Item Justiciar itiSantes no ancient de ce?o villa- fas in ItitJe suo, p eo qd singuli duodecim annop no verJint cora Vi? & coronatoribj, ad inquisicones de robberiis & incendiis aut aliis ad corona sp'tantiby fa- ciend: du tn de villis illis veniant sufficienf p quos h5i inquisicones plene fieri possint; exceptis inquisiconibj de morte hois faciend ubi omes duodeci anno£ venire debnt n1 ronabilem causam absencie sue heant.

Murdru de ce?o no adjudicet' cora Justiciar, ubi infortuniu tmmodo adjudicatu est: Set locu heat mur.dru in in?fe£tis p feloniam & no ali?.

Provisum est insup qd nullus cora Justiciar itin!an- Ubj vocat9 ad [warentu'] in pladto tre vt tenemti, aficiet' de cefo p eo qd p>sens no fSit, qn vocat' ad warantu, excepto p[mo die advent9 Justic; set si wa- rant9 ille sit inf* comit tuc injugat' Vic qd ipm inf* ?ciu diem, vt quartu sfdm locop distancia, faciat ve.nire sicut in itinie Justic fi consuevit. Et si ext* comit maneat tuc ronabilem heat sumonicoem quindeci die£ ad min9 scdm discrecoem Justic & legem coem.

Si cticus aliquis p cÕmine aliquo vt [redo1] qd ad corona ptineat [arestat9!] fSit, & p9mod de pcepto Regis in battm t*dit9 vt replegiat9 extint, Ita qd hii quib3 t*dit9 fSit in balliu eu heant cora JustiC ; n5 an)- cientr de ceto illi quibj t*dit9 fSit in balliu, vel alii plegii sui, si corpus suu heant cora Justic, licet cora eis ppr p'vilegiu cticale responde nolit vt no possit (*).

Provisum est & qd si depredacones vt rapine alique fiant ahbibj vel aliis platis eccasticis, & ipi jus suu de h9i depredacionib3 psequentes morte pVciant', anq'rn inde j usticia fSint assecuti, successores eop accones heant ad bona ecSe sue, [recent? ante obitu p*decesso£ suojt p h9i violencia subt*£ta,J] de manib3 h9i t*ns- gresso^ repetenda. [Similem insup accoem habeant successores de hiis que domui & eccte sue recen? ante obitum pdecesso^ suop p h9i violenciam fSint sub- t*fta, licet pdci pdecessores sui jus suu psecuti non fSint in vita sua.6]

Si aut in fras vt tenemta h9i religiosojs, de quib3 eop pHati obierint seysiti ut de jure ecce sue, aliqui se intrudant tempe vacaconis, eo£ successores littas heant ad recupand seysÒm suam; & adjudicent' eis dampna sua, sicut in nova disseys* fieri consuevit.

Provisum est & qd si alienacones ille de quiby bre de ingressu dari consuevit, p tot gradus fiant qd bre illud in forma p us usitata heri no possit, heat con- querens bre de recupanda seys* sine mencone graduu, ad cuj9cumq^ man9 p h9i alienacbnes res ilia deveSit, p (7) originalia p consiliu Regis inde pvidenda. (a)

1 warantu Rot. Claus. 1 retto Rot. Claus: Rot. Pat.

* arredtatus MS. Cott.Ñarettatš Lib. X.

* p ordinariis suis Lib. X.

5 Rot. Pat ; Rot. Bodli MS. Cott; Lib. X. omit.

6 From Rot. Pat.ÑLib. Rub. Scac. omits.ÑMS. Cott ; Lib. X t Rot. Bodl: many other Manuscript#, and all the Printed Copies insert this Clause.

Õ bna MS. Cott.

THE Justices in Eyre from henceforth shall not amerce XXIV. Townships in their Circuits, because all being Twelve Years old came not afore the Sheriffs and Coroners, to ance of those make Inquiry of Robberies, Burnings of Houses, or of ia Yeaª other Things pertaining to the Crown j so that there come ¡ld 00 sufficient out of those Towns, by whom such Enquests "lue*u- may be made full: except Enquests (') for the Death of Man, whereat all being Twelve Years of Age ought to appear, unless they have reasonable cause of Absence.

[MURTHER1] from henceforth shall not be XXV.

[judged J] before our Justices, where it is found Mis- of fortune only: But it shall take place in such as are u slain by Felony, and not otherwise.

IT is Provided, That none, being vouched toWarranty XXVI. before our Justices in Eyre, in Plea of Land or Tene- Of the^ ^ ment, shall be amerced from henceforth, because he was wÈrrÈnty s not present when he was vouched to Warranty, except Appearance the first Day of the coming of the Justices: But if the in Court. Party vouched be within the Shire, then the Sheriff shall be commanded to cause him to come within the third or fourth Day, according to the Distance of the Place, as it was wont to be done in the Circuit of the Justices.

And if he dwell without the Shire, then he shall have reasonable Summons of fifteen Days at the least, after the Discretion of the Justices, and the Common Law.

IF a Clerk for any Crime or Offence touching the XXVII. Crown, be arrested, and after, by the KingÕs Command- Of a cle.r^' ment, let to bail, or replevied, so that they, to whom refuÕ,¡" he was let to bail, have him before our Justices; the an,wer. Sureties from henceforth, nor they to whom he was let to bail, shall not be amerced, if they have his Body before our Justices, although he will not answer before them, by reason of a ClerkÕs Privilege, nor cannot by reason of his Ordinary.

IT is Provided, That if any Wrongs or [Trespasses * J XXVIII. be done to Abbots, or other Prelates of the Church, PrelÈte*>&c- and they have sued their Right for such Wrongs, and be prevented with Death before Judgement given there- Wrong* in ; their Successors shall have Aftions to demand the dont to their Goods of their Church (5) out of the Hands of such PredÇeÈÈoª. Trespassers, Moreover, the Successors shall have like Aftion for such Things as were lately withdrawn by such Violence from their House and Church, before the Death of their Predecessors, though their said Prede.cessors did not pursue their Right during their Lives.

And if any intrude into the Lands or Tenements of and in Time such Religious Persons in the Time of Vacation, of ofVÈcÈtion. which Lands their [Predecessors6] died seised as in the Right of their Church, the Successors shall have a Writ to recover their Seisin; and Damages shall be awarded them, as in Assise of Novel disseisin is wont to be.

IT is Provided also, That if those Alienations, where- XXIX. upon a Writ of Entry was wont to be granted, hap to Writ of be made in so many Degrees, that by reason thereof ÒntrT,n lhe the same Writ cannot be made in the Form beforetimes ortÔ used, the Plaintiffs shall have a Writ to recover their Seisin, without making mention of the Degrees, into whose Hands soever the same Thing shall happen to come by such Alienations, and that by an original Writ to be provided therefore by the Council of our Lord the King.

1 to bt made * The Fine of Murder

3 adjudged * Extortions

3 recently before the Death of their Predeeestort, by tuch violence taken,

6 Prelates

(a) Et q, nolumus qd a's sup obsvicone pmissoy de ce?o possit se per ignoranciam excusar, seu q, pdee pvisiones & constitutes ab aliquib) tm m" verbales reputent' uleius, sj q, universa & singla dca opera compleant' de cons'dio platoj & magnate nroy, (*) de mense in mesem in Com Hudred & Wapentag Q8c*] in Cur Baronu pupplicent' &. ad utlitate tociš coitatis Angt ab oib} de ce?o fimii? observentur. Et si aÔs dickis pvis (3) cdtÔiTe psupserit volumš qd ipi [8c vie nri pdei .>] tanq1 jlcepti nfi cotemptorcs 8c raidm pvis 8c cdstituconu t*nsgrores gravi? puniant'. Qd si Vic pdei ad hoc no sufficiant tuc noia eoj nob scire faciant, ut ip s, Sc flfatos Vic si in [p'mis*] necgligentes filint vel reniissi, puniri faciemš put de jur filit faciend : In cujš rei testimoh 8cc. Rot.Bodl.

. flcipimš firmi? injungenf qd eed pvisiones 8c consthuc p Vic nros Harl aqx A

¥ suis, nc non 3 8c 9stituc 4 p Vic nfos 1 pdcis J a

Many Manuscripts have a similar Form of Writ annexed to the Statute: but generally not quite so much at length.

Vol. I.

H


I.

For the maintaining Peace and Justice.

For the Ease of Religious Houses.

STATUTES OF KING EDWARD THE FIRST.

Anno 3¡ EDWARDIj I- A. D. 12/5.

Hts premers Ûstatu5 De mtstmnsttv.*

The STATUTES of WESTMINSTER; The First.

1 THESE be the A&s of King Edward, Son to King Henry, made at Westminster at his first Parlia.ment general after his Coronation, on the Monday of Easter Utas, the Third Year of his Reign, by his Coun.cil and by the assent of Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, Barons, and [all] the Commonalty of the Realm, being thither summoned: Because our Lord the King had great zeal and desire to redress the State of the Realm in such Things as required Amendment for the common profit of Holy Church, and of the Realm: And because the State of the Holy Church had been evil kept, and the Prelates and Religious Persons of the Land grieved many ways, and the People otherwise in- treated than they ought to be, and the Peace less kept, and the Laws less used, and the Offenders less punished, than they ought to be, by reason whereof the People [of the Land] feared the less to offend ; the King hath ordained and established these Afts underwritten, which he intendeth to be necessary and profitable unto the whole Realm.

FIRST the King willeth and commandeth, That the Peace of Holy Church and of the Land, be well kept and maintained in all points, and that common Right be done to all, as well Poor as Rich, without respett of Persons. And because that Abbeys and Houses of Religion [of the Land] have been overcharged, and sore grieved, by the resort of great Men and other, so that their Goods have not been sufficient for them.selves, whereby they have been [greatly hindred *] and impoverished, that they cannot maintain themselves, nor such (J) Charity as they have been accustomed to do ; It is Provided, That none shall come to eat or lodge (3) in any House of Religion of any otherÕs Foundation than of his own, at the Costs of the House, unless he be [required4] by the Governor of the House before his coming thither. And that none, at his own Costs, shall [enter and] come to lie [there5] against the Will of them that be of the House. And by this Statute the King intendeth not, that the Grace of Hospitality should be withdrawn from such as need; nor that the Founders of such [Monasteries6] should overcharge, or grieve them by their [often] coming. It is Provided also, that none high nor low, by colour of [Kindred, Affinity, or Alliance,7] or by any other oc.casion, shall course in [any'] Park, nor fish in [any']

1 so abased 1 charge of

j or rejt * specially invited or requested

i in a House of Religion, 6 Houses

? patent, specialty or other promise, Ferrers 1534.

* another's

Ex Lib. Rub. Scacc. DublinÕ.

ES sunt les Establisemenz le Rey Edward, le fiz le Rey Henry, fez a Weymoster a son phner parlement general apres son corounement, [apres"] la Cluse Paske lan de son Regne tierz, par son Conseil e par le assentement des Erceveskes, Eveskes, Abbes, Priurs, Contes, Barons, & la Comunaute de la tere ileokes somons: f Pur ceo ke nostre Seygnur le

Rey ad graunt volente & desir del Estat de son Reaume [adrescer,1] en les choses ou mestier est del amende- ment, e ceo pur le cbmun profit de Seint Eglise e del reaume; Et pur ceo q lestat de Seint Eglise ad este maumene, e les Prelaz e les religious de la tere grevez en mulz de maSes, e le poeple autrement trete, e la pees meins garde, q estre ne deust, e les leys mesu- sees e les meffesaunz meins puniz q estre ne deussent; pur quei les genz doterent le meins a meffere; si ad le Rey ordine & establi les choses desuz escrites. q il entent q seient profitables e covenables a tut le Reaume.

Enprimes veut le Rey e comaunde q la pees de Seint Eglise e de la tere seit bien garde e meintenue en tuz poinz; e q comune droiture seit fet a tun, ausi bien a povres com as riches, saunz regard de nuly.

Purceo q les Abbeyes e les mesons de [Religious *] ont este sorchargez e greve malement, par la venue des g*unz genz e autres [q bien ne sofiseient a eaus meismes receivre,4] par quei les religious sont issi abessez et enpoPez q eles ne pout sustenir eus meismes, ne la charge de la charite q eles solient fere; pur ceo purveu est q nuly vengne manger, herbig? ne gisir, en meson de Religion de autri avoeson q de la sone, al cust de la meson, sil ne seit prie e requis especial- ment par le [goverur!] de la meson avaunt qil ivengne j e q nul, a ses custages demeine, [vengne gisir desore- mes en meson de Religion,6] en contre la volente de la meson. Et par ces estatuz ne entent pas le Rey q grace de [especialte7] seit sostret a bosoingnus, [e*] q les avouwez des mesons [ne9] puisent par lur ve.nues sorkarker e destrure. Purveu est ensement q nul g*nt ne petit par colur de [parente 10 ] ou de [es.pecialte,"] ou de autre [affinite '*] ne par (,!)acheson ne courge en autri parks, ne pesche en autri vivers, ne

1 lendemain Lib. Horn : MS. Cott. Claud. D. II.

* redrescer Lib. Scacc. Westm. X. J Religion Lib. X.

{ke ben suffisaient a eus mesmes Lib. Horn.

... a- . . / Lib.X; Rot.Bodl.

k* ¡ens suffisoient a eus meismes j Ub.Nig.JEd.Chr.Dub:

que lour biens ne suffisent a eux mesmes Old Printed Copies. s govemour Lib. Horn. 6 y entre Lib. Horn.

7 hospitalite Lib.Horn: Lib.X: MS.Cott: Lib.Nig: Rot.Bodl. * ne Lib. Horn. 9 les Lib. Horn : MS. Cott.

10 patent Rost. 1565- Sec Fleta, lib. 3. e. 5. J I a.

" hospitalite Rot. Bodl. 11 affiance MS.Cott.

11 autre Lib. Horn.


* This Title is from Lib. Scat. Westm. X. fo. xxj. (xxv.)

k

w

]k

tti

m

N

TO

Eld

as

TO

(I

Bi-

Ol!

lid

at

It

as

B,

iik-

¥i

as

as

is

ffltt

a

F

w

fld

*i

it

tli

fi

'1

[herberge en autri maner, ne en meson Ô ] de Prlat, de Home de Religion ne de autre, en contre la volente e le conge del Seygnur ou del baillif, al coust le Seygnur deleinz, ne a son coust demeine. Et si il vengne, (*) par le gre ou saunz le gre le Seygnur, ou le baillif, nule serure, huys, fenestre, ne nule manere de fermine ne face overir ne depescer, par sey ne par autre; ne nule manere de vitaille ne de autre chose ne prengne, par colur de achat ne autrement, f E q nul ne face batre (J) ne prendre (*) nule manere de vitaille ne autre biens de nuly Prelat, Home de Religion, per- sone ne de autre, ne de Clerk, ne de Lay, par colur de achat ne autrement encontre la bone volente ou le conge de celuy a ki la chose Õsra, ou le gardein, de- denz vile marchaunde ou dehors. Et q nul ne prengne chivaus, beofs, chars, charettes, niefs, ne bateus, a fere cariages, saunz la bone volente ou le conge de celuy a ki la chose serra, e si par la volente de celuy le face, lore meintenaut face son gre solum le covenat fet entre eaus. Et ceaus q vendront en.contre les [estatuz 5] avauntdiz, e de ceo seient ateinz, seient ajugez a la prison le Rey, e de ileokes reinz solum la q*ntite e la manere del trespas, solum ceo q le Rey [ou6] sa Court verra q bien seit. Et fet asavir q si ceaus a ki le trespas est fete veillent suire, les damages q il averunt eus, lor serra [regarde7] e returne al double, e ces q les trespas averunt fet seient (*) puniz a la manere avauntdite; e si nul ne voudra suire, le Rey eit sa suite, com de chose fete encontre son defens e encontre sa pees. Et le Rey fra enquere de an en an, si com quidera q bien seit, quele gent eient tel trespas fet, 8c ceaus q serrunt enditez en tides enquestes srunt atachez, & destreinz par la graunt destresce, de venir a un certein jour ke contenge le espace de un moys en la Court le Rey (9) la ou li plerra; e si ceaus (l0) vengnet a tiel jour, seient de.streinz derechief par mesme la destresce de venir a un <?tein jour q contigne [seet Ó] sesmeins; Et si ceaus adunk ne vengnent seient jugez com ateinz, e rendent le double, par la suite le Rey, a ceaus q le damage averont, e seient grevousement puniz solum la manere del trespas. Et le Rey defent e comaund q nul

desoremes ne face mal ne damage ne grevaunce a nul Home de Religion, psone de Sdent Eglise, ne a autre, par acheson qil eyent [vye '*] le hostel ou le mang a nuly, ou par acheson de ceo q auku se pleient en la Court de ceo qil sen sent greve de aukunes choses avauntdites, e si nul le face, e de ceo seit ateint, seit encoru en la peyne avauntdite. Et est porveu q les poinz avaundiz lient ausi bien nos Conseillere, Justices de Forest, e nos autres Justic, come autre gent, Et q les poinz avauntdiz seient [roeuz tenuz ,J] e gardees, si defed le Rey sor sa greve forfeture, q nul Prelat, Abbe, Home de Religion, ou Baillif de aukun de eaus,

(") ne receive nul home encontre la forme avauntdite.

Et q nul ne envoye a meson ne a maner de Religion, ne de autre home, genz, chivaus, ne chiens a sojomer, ne nul ne les receive; Et qi le fra, por ceo q ceo est encontre le defens e le comaundement le Rey, il serra puni grevement. Unkore est porveu q Viscontes ne herberget [en nul liu,J] oud plus q oud cink ou sis

Pond, nor come to eat or lodge in the House or Manor of a Prelate, or [any other Religious Person,'] against the Will or Leave of the Lord, or his Bailiff, neither at the cost of the Lord, nor at his own. And if he come in, or enter with the good Will, or against the Will of the Lord or his Bailiff, he shall cause no Door, Lock, nor Window, nor nothing that is shut, to be opened or broken, by himself, nor any other, nor no manner of Vi£tual, nor other thing, shall take, by colour of buying, nor otherwise. And that none shall thrash Corn, nor PurÈ<^È'y take Corn, nor any manner of Viftual, nor other Goods ¡ 1

of a Prelate, Man of Religion, nor any other, Clerk, or Lay-Person, by colour of buying, or otherwise, against the Will and Licence of him to whom the Thing be- longeth, or of the Keeper, be it within Market Town, or without. And that none shall take Horses, Oxen, Purveyance [Ploughs, Carts,1] Ships, nor Barges, to make Carriage, f¡rCÈmige without the Assent (Õ) of hint to whom such Things belong ; and if he do it by the Assent of the Party, then incontinent he shall pay according to the Covenant made between them. And they that offend against these Penalty on A£is, and thereof be attainted, shall be committed to the KingÕs Prison, and after shall make Fine, [and be pu.nished] according to the quantity and manner of the Trespass, and after as the King in his Court shall think convenient. And it is to be known, that if they to Aflion by whom such Trespass was done, will sue [for Damages, Ôjj* (or they shall be thereto received, and the same *] shall be awarded and restored to the double; and they that have done the Trespass, shall be likewise punished in the manner ibovesaid ; and if none will sue, the King shall have the Suit, as for a Thing committed against his Commandment, and against his Peace. And the Procets King shall make Enquiry from year to year, what Per- offenders, sons do such Trespasses, after as he shall think neces.sary and convenient; and they that be indided by such Inquests shall be attached and distrained by the great Distress, to come at a certain Day, containing the Space of a Month, into the KingÕs Court, or wheie it shall please the King; and if they come not at that Day, they shall be distrained again of new by the same Dis.tress, for to come at another Day, containing the Space of Six Weeks [at the least;'] and if they come not then,

I they shall be judged as attainted, and shall yield double Damages, at the King's Suit, to such as have taken Hurt or Damage, and shall make grievous Fine after the manner of the Trespass. And the King forbiddeth and No Suit for commandeth, that none from henceforth do Hurt, I)a- mage, or Grievance to any Religious Man or Person of ¡ S"ÕRÔ the Church, or any other, because they have denied Meat or Lodging unto them, or because that any cotn- plaineth in the KingÕs Court that he hath been grieved in any of the Things above mentioned ; and if any do, and thereof be attainted, he shall incur the Pain aforesaid.

And it is further Provided, that the Points aforesaid shall To whom as well bind our Counsellors, Justicers of Forests, and ^s,ia,f other our Justices, as any other Persons. And that the

1 ne veingne manger ne herbeger en meysoun ne en maner Lit. Horn. * e entre Lit. Horn: MS. Celt.

> ble Lit. NigÑbledz MS. Celt.

* ble ne Lit. Horn : Lit. X Ñbledz ne MS. Celt. i establissementz Lit. Horn. 6 en MS Colt.

7 agardez Lit. Horn.

9 OU Lit. Horn: MS. Coll. 11 sis Lit. X: vj. Lit. Horn. 11 meintenuz Lit.X.

11 ove nullui MS. Colt.

8 ensement Lit. Horn. ne Lit. Horn.

11 deniee Lit. X: MS.Cott. ã( ou autre Lit. Horn. fou d Õautre Lit. X.

aforesaid Points be maintained, observed, and kept; like- Prelates Sec wise the King forbiddeth upon grievous Forfeitures, that "stmim-d in no Prelate, Abbot, Man of Religion, or Bailiff of any of I<xlS,nSloy- them, or of other, receive any Man contrary to the Form aforesaid. And that none shall send to the House or Sending Manor of a Man of Religion, or of any other Person, Servant* he. his Men, Horse, or Dogs, to sojourn, nor none shall t0 Io<iee' them receive; and he that doth, seeing the King hath commanded the contrary, shall be grievously punished.

Yet it is further Provided, that the Sheriff' from hence- Sheriff'* forth shall not lodge with any Person, with any more Retinuc

1 Religious Person, or other,

1 Carts, Waggons ? or Leave

4 the Damage which they have received ¥* Not in Original.


ii.

DeliveryÕ, to the Ordinary, of Clerks indi&ed.

III. No Fines for Efcapes before Judgment.

IV.

Wreck.

Custody of Goods

wrecked j for the Owner;

for the King.

Penally on Offenders.

V.

Freedom of Election.

VI.

Amercia.ments shall be reasonable.

VII.

Purveyance for Castles.

VIII.

Beaupleader.

Slat.

Marl.pH.3. chap. 11.]

IX.

Pursuit of Felons.

than five or six Horses; and that they shall not grieve Religious Men, nor other, by often coming and lodging neither at their Houses nor their Manors.

IT is Provided also, That when a Clerk is taken [for guilty '3 of Felony, and is demanded by the Ordinary, he shall be delivered to him according to the Privilege of Holy Church, on such Peril as belongeth to it, after the Custom aforetimes used. And the King admonisheth the Prelates, and enioineth them upon the Faith that they owe to him, and for the common Profit and Peace of the Realm, that [they Õ] which be indifted of such Offences by solemn Inquest of lawful men in the KingÕs Court, in no manner [shall be deliveredJ] without due Purgation, so that the King shall not need to provide any other Remedy therein.

IT is Provided also, That nothing be demanded nor taken from henceforth, nor levied by the Sheriff, nor by any other, for the Escape of a Thief or a Felon, until it be judged for an Escape by the Justices in Eyre ; and he that otherwise doth, shall restore to him or them that have payed it, as much as he [or they have 4] taken or received, and as much also unto the King.

CONCERNING Wrecks of the Sea, it is agreed, That where a Man, a Dog, or a Cat escape quick out of the Ship, that such Ship nor Barge, nor any thing within them, shall be adjudged Wreck ; but the Goods shall be saved and kept by view of the Sheriff, Coroner, or the KingÕs Bailiff, and delivered into the hands of such as are of the Town where the Goods were found ; so that if any sue for those Goods, and [after prove5] that they were his, (6) or perished in his keeping, within a Year and a Day, they shall be restored to him without delay ; and if nor, they shall remain to the King, and be seised by the [Sheriffs, Coroners, and Bailiffs,7] and shall be delivered to them of the Town, which shall answer before the Justices of the Wreck belonging to the King ; And where Wreck belongeth to another than to the King, he shall have it in like manner. And he that otherwise doth, and thereof be attainted, shall be awarded to Prison, and make Fine at the KingÕs Will, and shall yield Damages also. And if a Bailiff do it [and it be disallowed by the Lord,8] and the Lord [will not pretend any Title thereunto,9] the Bailiff shall answer, if he have whereof; and if he have not whereof, the Lord shall deliver his BailiffÕs Body to the King.

AND because Eleftions ought to be free, the King commandeth upon great Forfeiture, that [no Man lo] by Force of Arms, nor by Malice, or menacing, shall dis.turb any to make free Eleftion. (")

AND that no City, Borough, nor Town, nor any Man be amerced, without reasonable cause, and accord.ing to the quantity of his Trespass ; that is to say, every Freeman saving his [Freehold,"] a Merchant saving his Merchandise, a Villain saving his Waynage, and that by his or their Peers.

OF Prises taken by Constables, or Castellains, upon such Folk as be not of the Town where the Castle is; It is Provided, That no Constable, nor Castellain, from henceforth [exaft any Prise, or like thing,Ó] of any other than of such as be of [their Town or Castle ;'4] and that it be paid, or else Agreement to be made within Forty Days; if it be not an antient Prise due to the King, or to the Castle, or to the Lord of the Castle.

AND that nothing be taken for Fair Pleading, as hath been prohibited heretofore in the time of King Henry, Father to our Lord the King that now is.

AND Forasmuch as the Peace of this Realm hath been [evil observed Ó] heretofore for lack of quick and fresh Suit making after Felons in due manner, and name.ly, because of Franchises, where Felons are received;

* upon a charge 1 thou

J shall they deliver * hath > can prove

6 or his LordÕs, MS. Tr. l. l SheriffÕand Coroner

¥ and be disavowed of his Lord, MS. Tr. r. will not discharge him thereof, Old Printed Copies. nabbe nougt therof idrawe to himsulf, MS. Tr. i.

10 no great Man nor other,

" MS. Tr. I. joins to this Sentence the Beginning of the next Chapter thus, fre chuesinge, in Cite, ne in Boruz, ne in Toune. The sixte Chapittle, That no man be amercied, &cc.

11 Contenaunce MS. Tr. i. 'È make any taking

*¥ the Town where the Castle is; 'J weakly kept

Chivaus, ne q il ne grevent la gent de Religion ne autres, par lour sovent venir ou gisir a lour Mesons ou a lour Maners.

Porveu est ensement q kaut Clerk est pris por ret de felonie, e il seit demaunde p le Ordinaire il lui seit livere solum le privilege de Seient Eglise, en tiel peril com il iapent, solu les custumes avaunt ces oures usees; e le Rey amoneste les p^az, e lour enjoynt en la fei qil li deivent, e por le comun profit e la pees de la tere, q ceaus q sunt enditez de riel ret, par solempne enqueste des prodes homes fete en la Court le Rey, en nule manere ne les delivrent saunz duwe purgacion; issi q le Rey neit mester de metre i autre remedie.

Purveu est ensement q nule rien ne seit doso- remes demaunde, ne pris ne leve, (') pr eschap de larun ou de felon, jeske ataunt q le Eschap seit ajuge par Justices erraunz ; e ky autrement le fra, si rendra a celuy ou a ceaus qi laveront paez qÕnt qil avera receu, e au Rey ensement ataunt.

De Wrek de Mer est acorde, q la ou home, chien, ou chat eschape vif hors de la Nief (Õ) ou le batel ou nule rien q leinz seit, ne seit juge a Wrek, mes seient les choses sauvees e gardees, par veue del Visconte [eJ] del Coruner [e4] des Bailliz le Rey, (5) en la main de ceaus de la Vyle, ou les choses sont trovez; issi q si nul siwe ceus biens e puisse prover qil seient soens, ou a son Seygnur ou en sa garde periz, dedenz lan & le jour, saunz delay li seient renduz; Et si noun, remaigne au Rey, e seient prisez par le Visconte e le Coruner (6) a la vilee a respoundre devaut Justices del Wrek q apent au Rey; Et la ou Wrek apent a autre q al Rey, si lait p meime la manere. Et qi autrement le fra, e de ceo seit ateint, seit agarde a la prison e reint a la volente le Rey, e rendra les damages ense.ment: E si la Baillif le face, e seit desavowe del SeygnÕ, e le SeygnÕ [ne ne otrie7] a luy, respoingne le Baillif si il ad de quei; Et sil nad de quei, rende le Seygn' le cors del Baillif al Rey.

Pur ceo q eleftions deivent estre fraunches, le Rey defent sour sa greve forfeture q nul, haut home ne autre, par poer de armes ne par [malice *] ne desturbe de fere frauche Eleftion. Et q [en9] nule Cite Burg ou Vile, ne nul home seit amercie saunz renable acheson, e so.lum la q'ntite del trespas ; ceo est asaver fraunk home sauve son contenemet, Marchaund sauve sa marchan- dise, Vilayn sauve son gaignage ; e ceo par lour piers.

Des Prises des Conestables ou Chasteleyns, fetes de autres q de la Gent de la Vile ou les Chasteaus sunt assis, Purveu est q nul Conestable ne Chasteleyn de- soremes nule manere de prise ne face, dautre houme [q de autre home lo] q de la Vile ou son Chastel est assis, e ceo seit paie ou gre fet dedenz quarante jours, si ceo ne seit aunciene prise due au Rey ou al Chastel ou al Seygnur del Chastel. Et q nule rien seit pris pr beau pleyder, si com autre fiez fit defendu en le tens le Rey Henry piere le Rey q ore est.

^ Et pur ceo q la pees de la tere ad este feblement garde avaunt ces oures, par defaute de bone suite fete sur les felons solum doue manere, e nomeement par acheson des fraunchises ou les felons sunt recettez;

1 p Viscunte ne par autre Lib. Horn : Lib. X: Rot. Bodl.

1 q la nef Lib. Horn: MS.Catt.

5 ou Lib. Nig. * ou Lab. X: Lab. Nig.

Ô e baillez Lib. Horn : Rot. Bodl.

6 c baillez Lab. Horn: Rot. Bodl.

f rien nen atraie de ceo Lab. Horn. i < rens ne otrie Lib. X.

V rien nad tret Lib. Nig.Ñrien ad tret de ceo Rot. Bodl.

8 manasce Lib. Horn.

* Lib. Horn : Lib. X ; MS. Cott. omit thÈ word.

*¡ An erroneoui Repetition.


.. J2 i-sca; c£~ s £

È

Ç

m

e)

.s

a

k

n

,a

as

k

If

ah

an

n

a

58

Ç*

lit

O;

i

B!

it-

It

s

n

d

ill

S

s

Purveu est q tuz comunaumet seicnt prez & aparail- lez, al maundemet e a la somonse des Viscontcs, ou au cri del pays, de suire e de arester leÕ felos qÔnt mester serra, ausi bien dedenz fraunchises cum de.hors: Et ces q ceo ne frut, e de ceo seient ateinz, le Rey prendra a eus grevement: Et si la defaute seit trove sor le Seygnr de la fraunchise, le Rey se prendra a meime la fraunchise; e si la defaute seit al baillif eit la prison de un an, e puis seit grevement reint; e si il nad de quei, eit la prison de deus aunz. ^ Et si Visconte (') ou autre Baillif, dedenz fraun.chises ou dehors, pur louer ou par priere, ou par nule manere de affinite, concelent ou consentent, ou procurent de conceler, les felonies fetes en lour bail- lies, ou ke il se feignent de arestier ou de atacher les meffesaunz, par la ou il purront, ou autrement se feingnet de fere lur office, [e nule manere de favor des meffesaunz, e de ceo seient ateinz, q il eient la prison de un an, e puis seient g'vemet reinz, e si il ne unt de quei, eiet la p'son de [quatre3] aunz.

Pur ceo q petit gent e meins sages sunt esluz ia de novel comunaumet al office de Coruner, e mestier serreit q prodes homes leaus & sages se intremeisent de cel office; Purveu est q par tuz les Contiez seient esluz suffisaunz Coruners des pi9 leals e plus sages Chivalers, q meus sachent, veillent, e puissent a cel office entedre, e q loiaument altachent & [repsentent les appeaus de la Corune, e les Visc5tes eient contre- roules ove les Coruners, ausi bien des appeaus com des enquestes attachemenz & aulres choses q a cel Office appendent. Et q nul Coroner rien ne demaunde ne prenge de nuli, por fere son office, sur peine de la greve forfeture le Rey.

Et pur ceo q plusurs rettez de mort de home, e q sunt copables de mesme la mort, se sont par favorables enquestes prises par Viscontes e par bref le Rey kest appele Odio & Atia repleviz jeskes a I Ayre des Justices erraunz ; Purveu est q celes en.questes seient fries Coruners3] prises par prodes homes eluz par Smet, dount les deus seient Chivalers al meins, q par nul affinite ne atouchent les p'sos, ne autrement ne seient [sustenuz.6]

Purveu est ensement q les felons escriez e q sont aptement de male fame, e ne se voillent mettre en enquestes des felonies, [q Um les met sureÕ] de.vaunt Justices a la suite le Rey, [q il seient remis en le prison forte & dure, come ceaus q refusent (9) la comune ley de la tere : Mes ceo nest mie a entendre por p'sons q sunt pris pur legiere suspeciun.

Et le Rey defent q nul ne ravie ne prenge a force" damoysele dedenz age [ne par son gre ne saun son gre, ne dame ne damoisele de age,10] ne autre femme maugre seon; e si nul le fet, a la suite celi q suiwera dedenz les qÕrante jours, le Rey en fra comune drey- ture: Et si nul ne comence sa suite dedenz quarante jours, le Rey en siwera; e ces qil entrovera copables, si averont la p'son de deus aunz, e puis serrut reinz a la volente le Rey: Et sil ne unt dount estre reinz a Ia volente le Rey si seient puniz par plus long p'son, solum ceo q le trespas le demande.

1 ou Coroner Lib. X. ' en Lit. X.

3 iij. MS.Cott: Rot.Bodl. wherewith the Printed Copies agree. Lit. X: Lit. Nig : Lit. Horn, agree with the Text.

4 f rejJsentent Jes plees Lit. X.

\ presentent les pies Lit. Nig .. Rot. Bodl.

5 desoremes Lib. X. 6 suspecinous Lib. X.

7 ke hom lur mettent sure Lib. X.Ñke lem lur met sur

Lib. Nig: Rot.Bodl.Ñque lem les mettent sure Lib. Horn__

que lem lui mette suire MS. Cott.Ñque homes met sur eux 2 Inst.Ñqi home les met seur Pyns. 1508.Ñq home leur met seur Tot.i $36.

! soient mys MS. Cott.: Printed Copier.

9 estre a Lib. X: MS. Cott. These words are omitted

in Lib. Rub. Scare. Dublin : They are inserted above from Lib. Scacc. Wtitm X. wherewith MS.Cott; Rot.Bodl: Lib. Nig; Lib. Horn; several other MSS. and all the Printed Copies agree.

It is Provided, That all generally be ready and appa.relled, at the commandment and summons of Sheriffs, and at the Cry of the Country, to [sue'] and arrest Felons, when any need is, as well within Franchise as without; and they that will not so do, and thereof be attainted, shall make a grievous Fine to the King "¥ And if default be found in the Lord of the Franchise, the King [shall take the same Franchise to himself and if default be in the Bailiff, he shall have one Year's Imprisonment, and after shall make a grievous Fine; and if he have not whereof, he shall have Imprisonment of Two Years. And if the Sheriff, Coroner, or any other Bailiff, within such Franchise or without, for Reward, or for Prayer, [or for Fear3] or for any manner of Affinity, conceal, consent, or procure to conceal, the Felonies done in their Liberties, or otherwise [will not attach nor 4J arrest such Felons there, as they may, or other.wise [will not do 3J their Office for Favour borne to such Misdoers, and be attainted thereof, they shall have one YearÕs Imprisonment, and after make a grievous Fine [at the KingÕs pleasure, if they have wherewith ;J and if they have not whereof, they shall have Imprison.ment of [three 6J Years.

AND Forasmuch as mean Persons, and undiscreet, now of late are commonly chosen to the Office of Co.roners, where it is requisite that persons honest, lawful, and wise, should occupy such Offices : It is Provided, That through all Shires sufficient Men shall be chosen to be Coroners, of the most wise and discreet Knights, which know, will, and may best attend upon such Offices, and which lawfully shall attach and present Pleas of the Crown ; and that Sheriffs shall have Counter- Rolls with the Coroners, as well of Appeals, as of En- quests, of Attachments, or of other Things which to that Office belong; and that no Coroner demand nor take any thing of any Man to do his Office, upon pain of great Forfeiture to the King.

AND Forasmuch as many being [indicated7] of Mur.der, and culpable of the same, by favourable Inquests taken by the Sheriff, and by the KingÕs Writ [of *] Odio & Atia, be replevied unto the coming of the Jus.tices in Eyre; It is Provided, That from henceforth such Inquests shall be taken by lawful Men chosen out by Oath, of whom Two at the least shall be Knights, which [by9] no affinity with the Prisoners, nor otherwise are to be suspetted.

IT is Provided also, That notorious Felons, and which openly be of evil name, and will not put themselves in Enquests of Felonies, that Men shall charge them with before the Justices at the KingÕs Suit, [shall have strong and hard Imprisonment, (") as they which refuse to stand to the common Law of the Land : But this is not to be understood of such Prisoners as be taken [oflight suspicion.

AND The King prohibiteth that none do ravish, nor take away by force, any Maiden within Age, neither by her own consent, nor without; nor any Wife or Maiden of full Age, nor any other Woman, against her Will; and if any (Õ3) do, at his Suit that will sue within Forty Days, the King shall do common right; and if none commence his Suit within Forty Days, the King shall sue; and such as be found culpable, shall have Two Years Imprisonment, and after shall fine at. the KingÕs Pleasure ; and if they have not whereof (l4) they shall be punished by longer Imprisonment, according as the Trespass requireth.

' pursue

1 shall take him to the said Franchise;

3 Not in Original; nor in Old Translations.

* do forbear to attach or 3 to do

6 four MS. Tr. 1. 7 accused

8 called

10 shall be sent back to

11 for

¥Ç to be fined at the King's pleastoe

v have " like

'* so MS. Tr. t.

Punishment for Negleft or Corruption in Officers.

X.

Who shall be chosen Coroners.

Their Duty.

XI.

Inquests of

Homicide.

XII.

Felons refusing to plead.

XIII.

Ravishment of Women


Voi., I.

I

XIV.

Proceedings in Appeal against Principal and Accessary.

XV. Prisoners and Bail.

Offenders not bailable.

Offenders

bailable.

Penalty for

unlawful

Mainprise.

Penalty for unjust Detention of Prisoners.

AND Forasmuch as it hath been used in some Coun.ties to outlaw Persons being appealed of Commandment, Force, Aid, oi Receipt within the same Time that he which is appealed for the Deed, [is'] outlawed; It is Provided and [commandedÕ] by the King, That none be outlawed upon Appeal of Commandment, Force, Aid, or Receipt, until he that is appealed of the Deed be attainted, so that one like Law be used therein through the Realm : Nevertheless he that will so appeal, shall not, by reason of this, intermit or leave off to commence his Appeal at the next County [against them, no more than against their Principals, which be ap.pealed s] of the Deed ; but their Exigent shall remain, until such as be appealed of the Deed be attainted by Outlawry, or otherwise.

AND Forasmuch as Sheriffs, and other, which have taken and kept in prison Persons [detected4] of Felony, and [incontinent3] have let out by Replevin such as were not replevisable, and have kept in Prison such as were replevisable, because they would gain of the one party, and grieve the other : And Forasmuch as before this Time, it was not (6) determined which Persons were replevisable, and which not, but only those that were taken for the Death of Man, or by Commandment of the King, or of his Justices, or for the Forest; It is Provided, and by the King commanded, That such Pri.soners as before were outlawed, and they which have abjured the Realm, Provors, and such as be taken with the Manour, and those which have broken the KingÕs Prison, Thieves openly defamed and known, and such as be appealed by Provors, so long as the Provors be living, if they be not of good name, and such as be taken for House-burning feloniously done, or for false Money, or for counterfeiting the KingÕs Seal, or Per.sons excommunicate, taken at the request of the Bishop, or for manifest Offences, or for Treason touching the King himself, shall be in no wise replevisable by the common Writ, nor without Writ: But such as be in- dialed of Larceny, by Enquests taken before Sheriffs or Bailiffs by their Office, or of light Suspicion, or for Petty Larceny that amounteth not [above the Value'] of twelve-pence, if they were not [guilty8] of some other Larceny aforetime, or [guilty9] of Receipt of Felons, or of Commandment, or Force, or of Aid in Felony done; or [guilty of'¡] some other Trespass, for which one ought not to lose Life nor Member, and a Man appealed by a Provor after the death of the Provor, if he be no common thief, nor defamed, shall from henceforth be let out by sufficient Surety, whereof the Sheriff will be answerable, and that without giving aught of their Goods. And if the Sheriff, or any other, let any go at large by Surety, that is not replevisable, if he be Sheriff or Constable or any other Bailiff of Fee, which hath keeping of Prisons, and thereof be attainted, he shall lose his Fee and Office for ever: And if the Under- Sheriff, Constable, or Bailiff of such as have Fee for keeping of Prisons, [do it "] contrary to the Will of his Lord, or any other Bailiff being not of Fee, they shall have Three Years Imprisonment, and make Fine at the KingÕs Pleasure. And if any withhold Prisoners reple.visable, after that they have offered sufficient Surety, he shall pay a grievous Amerciament to the King; and if he take any Reward for the Deliverance of such, he shall pay double to the Prisoner, and also shall [be in the great mercy of11] the King.

Pur ceo q um lad usee de utlaer, en aukun pays, la gent appellee del comaundemet, force, aide, e re- cettement, dedenz mesme le tine q um deit utlaer celui qest appele del fet, Purveu est, e g*unte par le Rey, q nul ne seit utlae pur appel del comaunde.met, force, aide ou recettemet, jesqes ataunt q li appele del fet seit ateint; issi q une mesme ley seit de ceo par tote la tere; mes celi q apele ne lesse pas pur ceo de attacher son appel, al pchein Conte, vers ceaus ausi bien com vers les appellez del fet, mes le exigende de eaus demeorge jesqes a taunt q leg ap- pelez del fet seient ateinz par utlagherie ou autrement.

Pur ceo q les Viscontes & autres [qi'] unt pris e detenue en p'son genz rettez de felonies, & meinte foiz ont lesse (Õ) la gent q ne sunt mie replevisables, e ont detenuz en prison ceaus q estoient replevisables, par acheson de gaigner des uns & de grever les autres; Et pr ceo q avaunt ces ures ne fu mie [Prnine!] c?teinemet queus furent replevisables & queus noun, horspris ceaus q estoient pris por mort de home, ou par comaundement le Rey ou des ses Justices, ou por la Foreste ; Purveu est & comaunde par le Rey, q les prisons q sunt avaunt utlagez, & ceus q eient fotjure la tere, Provurs, toz q sunt pris ov meinoure, ceaus q unt depesce la p'son le Rey, larons apertement es- criez e notoyres, e ceus q sont appellez de provurs taunt come le pvur vist, sil ne seient de bone fame, e ces q sont pris pur arson (4) felonessement fete, ou p4 fause moneye, ou fauseors del seel le Rey, ou [esco- menge3] pris par priere le Eveske, ou pur aperte mau- veiste, ou treson q touche le Rey mesme, ne seient en nule maffe replevisables, par le comun bref ne saunz brief; mes ceaus q soient enditez de larcin, par en- queste des Viscontes ou des Bailliz prises de lur office, ou pur legiere suspecion, ou pur petit larcin q ne amonte [a la value6] de duze deners, sil ne seit rette [de larcin7] avaunt cel houre, ou rette de recette- ment des felons ou del comaundement, ou de la force ou del aide (*) fete, ou [des autres des trespas9] pur le quel om ne deit pdre vie ne membre ; Et home appelle de provur, puis la mort le provur, [sil ne seit apert laron escrie, seit desoremes lesse,0] par suffi- saunte plevine, dont le Visconte veille respondre, & ceo saunz rien doner de lour. Et si Viscontes ou au.tres lessent par plevine nul q ne seit replevisable, si ceo seit Visconte Conestable ou autre Baiilif de feo q eit garde des p'sons, e de ceo seit ateint, perde le feo & la bailie a toz jours : Et si [Visconte,"] Conestable ou Baiilif, [ou "] celi qad cel feo put garder les p'sons, eit ceo fet saunz la volente son SeygnÕ, ou autre Baiilif q ne seit de feo, eit la p'son de treis aunz & seit reint a la volente le Rey. E si nul detient les prisons replevisables, puis q le prison eit offert soffi- saunte seurte, il serra en la greve ifici le Rey: Et si il prent louer por le deliverer, il rendra le double al prison, e ensement serra en la g^e merci le Rey.

I should he

9 granted

3 as well against them, as against them which be appealed

* accused 3 divers times

9 certainly MS. Tr. t. 7 the value MS. Tr. i.

* accused 9 such as are accused

** charged with 11 so ds

II pay a grievous Amerciament to

1 Lib. X. omits. 9 p plevine Ub. X.

> dePmine Lib. X. * de mesun Lib. X.

3 escumegez Lib. X.

6 ( outre xij deniers ou a la value Lib. Nig.

\ utre la value Lib. X: MS.Cott: Rot. Bodl: Lib. Horn.

' dautre larcin Lib. X. ¥ de felonie Lib. X.

9 ( autre rettez de trespas Lib. X.

\ rettes dautres tresspas MS. Colt.

>¡ si tuz ceus ne seient apert laruns escriez, seient desoremes

lessez Lib. X: Lib. Nig.

" Suz Visconte Lib. X: MS.Cott: Rot. Bodl.

MS. Cott; Printed Copies omit.


H

n

4

ii

.8

H

18

88

t

jO

as

18;

OB,

)Ç

I*

5h

ijš

BB

>È

1š

8,1

*1

0 III 2612 'È

Sa,

ns

m

bs

t*

n*

E

jl

a

S(

fÇ

lii

tt

mt

ti

b

1 u it

tt.

È

^ Endrdt de ceo q aukunes gens pnent e prendre font les avers de autri e les enchacent hors del Conte ou les avers serront pris; Purveu est q nul ne le face, e si nul le fet, seit grevement reint solum q ii est centenu en les estatuz de Marlebirge, fez en tens le Rey Henri piere le Rey q ore est: Et par mesme la manere seit fet de ceaus q pement les avers e q font destresce en autri feo, (') plus grevement seient puniz si la manere del trespas le demande.

^ Purveu est ensemet q si nul desoremes prengne les avers de autri, e les face chacier a Chastel ou a forcelet, e ileokes dedenz le clos del Chastel ou del forcelet les deteingne encontre gage & plegge, puis q les avers sont solempnement demaunde par le Visconte ou par autre Baillif le Rey, a la suite del pleintif, q le Visconte ou le Baillif, pris ove lui poar de son Conte ou de sa baillie, voyst asayer de fere la plevine des avers a celui q pris les avera, ou a son Seygn', ou as autres des homes son Seygn' qi onqes seit trove (Ô) ou les avers serrunt chacez, e si lem (!) deforce adonkes la deliveraunce des avers, ou kil ne troesse home pur le Seygn', ou pur celuy q les avera pris, qi enres- poingne e face la deliverance, apres ceo q Seygn' [al *] pnur par Visconte ou par Baillif en serra amoneste, sil est en pais ou pres ou kil porra par le pemur ou par autre des seons covenablement estre garniz de fere la deliveraunce, sil fust hors de cel pais q*nt la prise fu fete, e [enface5] adonkes meintenaunt les avers deliverer, q le Rey por le despit & por le trespas face a batre le Chastiel ou le forcelet saunz relever, e tut le damage q le pleintif avera receu, de ses avs ou de son gaingnage desturbe, ou en autre manere, puis la pmere demaunde des avs fete par le Visconte ou par le Baillif, li seient restorrez al double de celui qi les avera pris sil ad de quei; Et si nad de quei, del Seyg- nur, quel oure ou en quele maSe la deliveraunce seit fete, apres ceo q le Visconte ou le Baillif serra venu pur la deliveraunce fere; Et fet asaver q la ou le Vis.conte devera fere return del brief le Rey, al Baillif le Seygn' del chastel ou del forcelet, ou a autre a qi le return del brief le Rey a ceo apent, Si le Baillif de cele fraunchise ne face la deliveraunce puis qil [levera receu, eit le Visconte cel office4] saunz delai, si com il est avauntdit c sur lavauntdite peine. Et par mesme la manere seit fet la deliveraunce par attachemenz de pleinte fete saunz brief, e sur mesme la peine; e ceo fet a entendre partut la ou le brief le Rey curt. Et si ceo est en la marche de Gales, ou aillurs la ou le brief le Rey ne curt mie, le Rey, qi en est sove- rein Seygn', enfra dreit a ceaus q pleinde se voudront.

^ Purceo q la comune fin e le amerciement de tut le Conte en Eyr de Justices, pur faus jugement ou por autre trespas, est assis par Viscontes (7) barators des C.ontez malement, ensint q la [somunse*] est meinte foiz encrue e les parceles autremet assises q estre ne deussent, al damage del people, & plusors foiz paie as Viscontes barretors q point ne les aquitent; Purveu est, e voet li Revs, q desoremes en Eyre des Justi.ces, devaunt eaus avaunt lor departir, seit [cele so- monseÕ] assise par serement des C.hivalers e des prodes homes sor tuz ceaus q eskoter ideveront; e Justices

1 e Lib. X. Õ al liu Ub. X.

1 li Ub. X. * ou Rot. Bodl: Printed Copies.

5 ne face Ub. X.

6 aura le retour, face le viscont de son Office Ub. X.

7 8c MS. Cott: 8c p autr Rot. Bodl.

* s¡u*ne Ub. X. È tele soume Lib. X.

IN Right thereof, that some Persons take, and cause to be taken, the Beasts of other, chasing them out of the Shire where the Beasts were taken; It is Provided also. That none [from henceforth] do so; and if any do, he shall make a grievous Fine, as is contained in the Statute of Marlebridge, made in the 1 ime of King Henry, Father to the King that now is. And likewise it shall be done to them which take Beasts [wrong.fully,] and distrain out of their Fee ; and shall be more grievously punished, if the manner of the 1 respass do so require.

IT is Provided also, That if any from henceforth take the Beasts of other, and cause them to be driven into a Castle or Fortress, and there within the Close of such Castle or Fortress do withhold them against Gage and Pledges, [whereupon1] the Beasts be solemnly demanded by the Sheriff, or by some other Bailiff of the KingÕs, at the Suit of the Plaintiff', the Sheriff or Bailiff, taking with him the Power of [the'] Shire or Bailiwick, do assay to make Replevin of the Beasts from him that took them, or from his Lord, or from other, being Ser.vants of the Lord, whatsoever they be, that are found in the Place whereunto the Beasts were chased; (Õ) if any deforce him of the Deliverance of the Beasts, or that no Man be found for the Lord, or for him that took them, for to answer and make the Deliverance, after such time as the Lord or Taker shall be admonished to make Deliverance by the Sheriff or Bailiff, if he be in the Country, or near, or there whereas he may be con.veniently warned by the Taker, or by any other of his, to make Deliverance, if he were out of the Country when the taking was, and did not cause the Beasts to be delivered incontinent, [that4] the King, for the Trespass and Despite, shall cause the said Castle or For.tress to be beaten down without Recovery ; and all the Damages that the Plaintiff hath sustained in his Beasts, or [in!] his [Gainure,6] or any otherwise, after the first Demand made by the Sheriff or Bailiff, of the Beasts, shall be restored to him double [by the Lord, or] by him that took the Beasts, if he have whereof; and if he have not whereof, he shall have it of the Lord, at what time, or in what manner the Deliverance be made, after that the Sheriff or Bailiff shall come to make Deliver.ance ; and it is to wit, that where the Sheriff ought to return the KingÕs Writ to the Bailiff of the Lord of the Castle or Fortress, or to any other, to whom the Return (7) belongeth, if the Bailiff' of the Franchise will not make Deliverance after that the Sheriff hath made his Return unto him, then shall the Sheriff do his Office without further Delay, (*) and upon the fore- said Pains: And in like manner Deliverance shall be made by Attachment of Plaint made without Writ, and upon the same Pain. And this is to be intended in all Places where the KingÕs Writ lieth. And if that be done in the Marches of Wales, or in any other Place, where the KingÕs Writs be not current, the King, which is Sovereign Lord over all, shall do Right there unto such as will complain.

FORASMUCH as the common Fine and Amercia.ment of the whole County in Eyre of the Justices for false Judgments, or for other Trespass, is unjustly as.sessed by Sheriffs and Baretors in the Shires, so that the Sum is many times increased, and the Parcels otherwise assessed than they ought to be, to the Damage of the People, [which9] be many Times paid to the Sheriffs and Baretors, which do not acquit the Payers ; It is Provided, and the King wills, That from henceforth such Sums shall be assessed before the Justices in Eyre, afore their Departure, by the Oath of Knights and other honest Men, upon all such as ought to pay (,0) ¥, and the Justices,

1 after that MS. Tr. i.

J and MS.Tr. J.

* in disturbance of ' of the Kin ft Writ in tbit behalf t and MS.Tr. t.

1 his MS. Tr. t.

4 then

6 tulthc MS. Tr. t.

9 at is aforesaid 1 thereto

XVI. None shall drive a Distress out of the County 1 Slat.

Marlb. cb.

4. *5.3 .

nor distrain out of his osvn Fee.

XVII.

The Remedy if a Distress be impounded in a Castle or Fortress.

Marches of Wales.

XV11I. Assessing of common Fines on the County.


XIX

Sheriffs, &c. receiving; the King's Debts shall acquit the Debtor,

Penalty.

Tallies of Payment.

Shewing of Summons.

XX.

T respassers in Parks and IÕonds.

Robberies

therein.

XXI.

Lands in Ward shall be duly kept.

shall cause the Parcels to be put into their Estreats, which shall be delivered up unto the Exchequer, and not the whole Sum.

IN Right of the Sheriffs, or other, which answer by their own Hands unto the Exchequer, and which have received the KingÕs FatherÕs Debts, or the KingÕs own Debts before this time, and have not acquitted the Debtors in the Exchequer; It is Provided, That the King shall send good and lawful Men through every Shire, to hear all such as will complain thereof, and to determine the Matters [there'] that all such as can prove that they have (") paid, shall be thereof acquitted for ever, whether the Sheriffs or other be living or dead, in a certain Form that shall be delivered them ; and such as have not so done, if they be living, shall be grie.vously punished ; and if they be dead, their Heirs shall answer, and be charged with the Debt. And the King hath commanded, that Sheriffs and other aforesaid shall from henceforth lawfully acquit the Debtors at the next Accompt afttr they have received such Debts ; and then the Debt shall be allowed in the Exchequer, so that it shall no more come in the Summons; and if the She.riff otherwise do, and thereof be attainted, he shall pay to the Plaintiff thrice as much as he hath received, and shall make Fine at the KingÕs Pleasure. And let every [Sheriff] take heed, that he have such a Receiver, for whom he will answer ; for the King will be recompensed of all, of the Sheriffs and their Heirs. And if any other, that is answerable to the Exchequer by his own hands so do, he shall render thrice so much to the Plaintiff, and make Fine in like manner. And that the Sheriffs shall make Tallies to all such as have paid their Debt to the King; and that the Summons of the Ex.chequer be shewed to all Debtors that demand a Sight thereof, without denying to any, and that [without taking any Reward, and without giving any Thing ;!] and he that doth contrary, the King shall punish him grievously.

IT is Provided also for Trespassers in Parks and Ponds, That if any be thereof attainted at the Suit of the Party, great and large Amends shall be awarded [according to*] the Trespass, and shall have three Years Imprisonment, and after shall make Fine at the KingÕs pleasure, if he have whereof, and then shall find good Surety, that after he shall not commit like Trespass; and if he have not whereof to make Fine, after three Years Imprisonment, he shall find like Surety; and if he cannot find like Surety, he shall abjure the Realm ; and if any being [guilty s] thereof be fugitive, and have no Land nor Tenement sufficient, whereby he may be justified, so soon as the King shall find it by Enquest, he shall be proclaimed from County to County ; and if he come not, he shall be outlawed. It is Provided also and agreed, That if none do sue within a Year and a Day [for6] the Trespass done, the King shall have the Suit; and such as be found guilty thereof by lawful Enquest, shall be punished in like manner in all points as above is said. And if any such Trespasser be attainted that he hath taken [tame Beasts,7] or other Thing, in the Parks, by manner of Robbery, in coming, tarrying, or returning, let the Common Law be executed upon him, as upon him that is attainted of open Theft and Robbery, as well at the Suit of the King, as of the Party.

IN Right of Lands of Heirs being within Age, which be in Ward of their Lords; It is Provided, That the Guardians shall keep and sustain the Land, without making Destruction of any Thing; and that of such manner of Wards shall be done in all Points, as is con.tained in the Great Charter of Liberties made in the Time of King Henry, Father to the King that now is, and that it be so used from henceforth ; and in the same manner shall Archbishopricks, Bishopricks, Abbacies, Churches, and all Spiritual Dignities be kept in Time of Vacation.

* thus

È without any Gift 5 accused

* after MS. Tr. i.

' 40

* after the mancre of MS.Tr. i.

("beasts, deare, F. 1534. \tame best, MS.Tr. 1.

[fac - - '] mettre les parceles en Iur estretes qil live- ront al Escheker (Õ) non pas la [somose!] totale.

Endreit des Viscontes e autres q respoingnet par lour mayns al Escheker, e qi unt receu de les dettes le Rey Henri piere le Rey q ore est (*) e q ne ont mie les detturs aquite al Escheker; Purveu est q le Roy enveyra bone genz par tuz les Contez, a oyr tuz i ceaus q de ceo pleindre se vodront, e a ?miner enssint la bosoygne, q ceaus q purriit mostrer qil eyent ensint paiez, a tuz jours enseront quites, le qt q les Viscontes ou autres serront morz ou vifs en c?teine fourme q lur serra bailie: Et ceaus q issint [laverunt!] fet, sil seient envye, serront puniz grevement, e si il seient morz lour heyrs respoingnet e seient chargez de la dete. Et comaund le Rey q les Viscontes e les autres avaundiz desoremes loiaument aquitet les detturs al prochein acounte puis q ii avera la dette receu e adonkes seit la dette alous al Escheker issi q raes ivengne en somonse : Et si Visconte autrement le face e de ceo seit ateinz, si rendra al pleintif le trebble de ceo qil avera de lui receu, e seit reint a la volente le Rey. Et bien se garde chekun qil eit tiel recevour por qi il voudra respondre, kar le Rey se predra del tut as Viscontes & a lur heyrs. Et si autre q re- spoingne par sa mayn al Escheker la face, si rende le treble al pleintif e seit reint en mesme la manere. Et q,les Viscontes facent tallies a tuz ceaus q li pae- ront la dette le Rey, e q la somonse del Escheker, a tuz les detturs q demaunder voudront la veue, lor face mostrer, sauz [vier6] le anuli, e ceo saunz rien doner, e ki nel fra le Rey se prendra a li grevousement.

Purveu est de Meffesors de Parks & de Vivers, q si nul seit de ceo ateint par la suite le pleintif, seient esgarde bones & hautes amendes solum la manere del trespas, e (7) la p'son de treys aunz, e de illoekes seit reint a la volente le Rey, sil ad dont estre issint reint, e lors truisse bone seurte q mes ne mefface ; et sil nad dont estre reint, apres la pÕson de treis aunz, trove mesme la seurte; Et sil ne puisse trover la seurte, forjurge le reaume; Et si nul de ceo seit rette, seit futif, e ne eit tere ne tenement (') par quei il puisse estre justize, si tost come le Rey avera ceo trove par enqueste bone seit demaunde de Counte en Counte; Et si nul ne veut venir, seit utlae. Et purveu est q si nul ne suit dedenz lan e le jour puis le trespas fet, le Rey avera la suite. Et ceaus q il entrovera rettez de ceo par bone enqueste, serront puniz par mesme la ma- ntre en tuz poinz si com desus est dit. Et si nul tiel meffesor seit ateint qil eit pris en parks bestes [damas- ches9] ou autre chose en manere de Roberie en ve.nae .t ou en demoraunt ou en returnaunt seit fet de lui comune lei, com afiert a celui q est ateint de aperte roberie e larcin ausi bien a la suite le Rey come de autre.

Endreit des teres des heyrs dedenz age q sont en la garde lur Seygnur, Purveu est q les gardeins les gardent & sustengnent saunz destruction fere en tote ries; Et q ('¡) tels maneres de gardes seit fet en tuz poinz, solum ceo q il est contenu en la Graunt Chartre des fraunchises le Rey Henri piere le Rey q ore est, e issi seit usee desoremes; e par mesme la manere seient gardez les Ercheveschees, Eveschees, Abbeyes, Eglises, & Dignetiez en tens de Vacacions.

1 i facent Lib. X. * e Lib. X. 3 soume fob.X.

* ou les dettes le Rty memos avaut ces hores Lib. X.

5 naveront MS. Celt. 6 nyer Lib. X: Rot. Boil.

7 eit Lib. X. ' suffisaut Lib. X.

rdameches Lib.X. 10 de Lib.X.

9 1 l!¡meS;CS \ Old Printed Copies.

Ldomesticcs J r


Des heyrs (') dedenz age saunz le gre de lur gardeins avaunt le age de q*torze aunz, seit fet solum ceo qil est cdtenu en la Porveaunce de Merton; Et de ceaus q €ront mariez saunz le gre de lur gardeins, puis qil averont passe q*torze auns, le gardein eit la double value de son manage, solum la tenur de mesme la Porveaunce; Estre ceo q ceaus qi averont sostret le manage rendent la dreite value del manage al gardein por le trespas; Et ja le meins le Rey eyt les amendes solum mesme cele Porveaunce de celi q lavera issi sustret. Des heyrs femeles, puis q eles averont acumpliz le age de xiiij. aunz, Et le Seygnr a ki le manage apent nele voudra marier, mes pur coveitise de la tere la vodra tenir desmarie; Purveu est q le Seygn1 ne puise aver ne tenir, par acheson del ma.nage, la tere a cels heyrs femeles, outre deus aunz apres le rme des avauntdia quatorze aunz; Et si le Seygn' dedenz cels deus aunz ne les marie, donkes eyent eles aftion de recoverir lor heretage quitement, saunz ren doner por la garde [& Õ] por le manage: Et si eles, par malice, ou par mauveys conseil, ne se veillent par lor chief Seygn' marier ou eles ne seient desparagez, q le Seygn' tiengne la tere e le heritage jesqes al age del madle, cest a saver de vint un an, e out* taunt qil eit pris la value del mariage.

f Purveu est ensement q en Cite, Burg, Vile, Feire, Marche, ne seit nul home forein q seit de cest reaume destreint (J) dont il ne seit dettur ou plegge, e qi le fra il serra grevement puni e saunz delai [de *] la des- tresce delivere par les [par les5] Bailliffs del liu, ou par autres Baillifs le Rey (6).

f Purveu est ensement q nul Eschetur, Visconte, ne autre Baillif le Rey, par colur de son office, saunz especial garaunt ou comaundement, ou c?tein auftorite q apent a son office, ne disseise nul houme de son ffaunk tenement, ne de chose q touche fraunk tene.ment ; Et si nul le fet, seit a la volente le disseisi, q le Rey de son office le face amender a sa pleinte, ou qil eyt comune lei par brief de novele deseisine. Et celui q serra de ceo ateint il rendra [les damages7] a mesme le pleintif, e serra en la greve iSci le Rey.

f Nul Ministre le Rey ne mainteingne, par li ne par autre, les plez poles ou bosoingnes q sont en la Court le Rey, de teres tenement ou de autre chose, por aver part de ceo, ou autre pfit par covenant fet entre eaus, e qe le fra seit puni a la volente le Rey.

f Et qi nul Visconte ne autre Ministre le Rey ne prenge louer por fere son office mes seient paiez de ceo qil prengent del Rey; e qi le fra rendra le double, e serra puni a la volete le Rey.

f Et q nul Clerk de Justice de Eschetour ou de Enquerour nule riens ne prengne por liverer Chapitres horspris solement Clers des Justices (*) en lour Eyre, e ceo deus souz (*) de cheskun Wapentacle Hundred ou Vile q respount par duze ou par sis. solum ceo q auncienemet fut usee; Et qi autrement le fra, rendra le treble de ceo qil avera pris, e pdra le Õsvice son Seygn' par un an.

Et q nul Clerk le Rey ne de ses Justices ne receive desoremes presentement de Eglise, dont plai ou contek seit en la court le Rey, saunz le especial conge le Rey; e ceo defent le Rey sour peine de perdre ('¡) son Õsvice.

1 mariez Lib. X. ' ne Lib.X: ou MS.Celt: Rot. Bodl.

3 p' dette Lib. X. * "seit Lib. X.

5 an erroneous Repetition 4 si inester seit Lib. X.

7 le double Lib. Nig.Ñles damages al duble Lib.X: MS.Celt.

1 erraunz Lib. X: MS. Cott: Lib. Nig.

9 e nent plus Lib. X. n la eglise et Printed Copies.

OF Heirs married within Age, without the Consent of their Guardians, afore [that they be past] the Age of Fourteen Years, it shall be done according as it is con.tained in the Statute of Merton; And of tnem that shall be married without the consent of their Guardians, after they be past the Age of Fourteen Years, the Guardian shall have the double Value of their Marriage, after the Tenour of the same Aft: Moreover, such as have withdrawn their Marriage, shall pay the full Value thereof unto their Guardian for the Trespass, and never- thelesss the King shall have [like Amends,1] according to the same Aft, of him that hath so withdrawn.

And of Heirs Females, after they have accomplished the Age of Fourteen Years, and the Lord, to whom the Marriage belongeth, will not marry them, but for covetise of the Land will keep them unmarried; It is Provided, That the Lord shall not have nor keep, by reason of Marriage, the Lands of such Heirs Females, more than Two Years after the Term of the said Four.teen Years. And if the Lord within the said Two Years do not marry them, then shall they have an Aftion to recover their Inheritance quil, without giving any thing for their Wardship, or their Marriage. And if they of Malice, or by evil Counsel, will not be married by their Chief Lords, where they shall not be disparaged, then their Lords may hold their Land and Inheritance undl they have accomplished the Age of an Heir Male, that is to wit, of One and twenty Years, and further until they have taken the Value of the Marriage.

IT is Provided also, That in no City, Borough, Town, Market, or Fair, there be [no Foreign Person,Õ] which is of this Realm, distrained for any Debt wherefore he is not Debtor or Pledge; and whosoever doth it, shall be grievously punished, and without Delay the Distress shall be delivered [unto him3] by the Bailiffs of the Place, or by (*) the KingÕs Bailiffs, if need be.

IT is Provided also, That no Escheator, Sheriff, nor other Bailiff of the King, by colour of his Office, with.out special Warrant or Commandment, or Authority certain pertaining to his Office, disseise any Man of his Freehold, nor of any Thing belonging to his Freehold ; and if any do, it shall be at the Eleftion of the Dis.seisee, whether that the King by Office shall cause it to be amended at his Complaint, or that he will sue at the Common Law by a Writ of Novel Disseisin; And he that is attainted thereof shall pay double Damages to the Plaintiff, and shall be grievously amerced unto the King.

NO Officer of the King by themselves, nor by other, shall maintain Pleas, Suits, or Matters hanging in the KingÕs Courts, for Lands, Tenements, or other Things, for to have part or profit thereof by Covenant made be.tween them ; and he that doth, shall be punished at the King's Pleasure.

AND that no Sheriff, nor other the KingÕs Officer, take any Reward to do his Office, but shall be paid of that which they take of the King; and he that so doth, shall yield twice as much, and shall be punished at the KingÕs Pleasure.

AND that no Clerk of any Justicer, Escheator, or Enquiror, shall take any Thing for delivering Chapi.ters, but only Clerks of Justices in their Circuits, and that ii s. and no more, of every Wapentake, Hundred, or Town, that answereth by Twelve, or by Six, ac.cording as it hath been used of old Time; and he that doth contrary shall pay thrice so much as he hath taken, and shall lose the Service of his Master for One Year.

AND that none of the KingÕs Clerks, nor of any Justicer, from henceforth shall receive the Presentment of any Church, for the which any Plea or Debate is in the KingÕs Court, without special Licence of the King ; and that the King forbiddeth, upon pain to lose [the Church, and3] his Service. And that no Clerk of any

1 the Amendes MS. Tr.l. * non outnuu MS.Tr. l.

3 Not in Original. 4 ether

1 MS. Tr. I. omits.


XXII.

Marriage of WardÇ. [SÇ Slat. Merten, cb.6, J.]

Marriage of Female Wards.

Penalty on such Wards refusing Marriage.

XXIII.

Distress for Debts in Cities, 8tc. against Strangen.

XXIV. Unlawful Disseisin by Escheators,

See.

XXV. Champerty by the KingÕs Officers.

XXVI.

Extortion by the King's Officers.

XXVII. Extortion by Clerks of Justices, &c.

XXVIII. Maintenance by Officers of Courts.

Vot.. I.

K

XXIX. Deceits by Pleaders.

XXX *

Extortion by Officers of Courts.

XXXI. Excessive Toll in Market Town.

Murage.

XXXII. Defaults of Purveyors.

Purchasing the KingÕs Debts.

Purveyance of Horses and Carts.

Justicer, or Sheriff, [take Part'] in any Quarrels [of1] Matters depending in the KingÕs Court, nor shall work any Fraud, whereby common Right may be delayed or disturbed ; and if any so do, he shall be punished by the pain (J) aforesaid, or more grievously, if the Tres.pass do so require.

IT is Provided also, That if any Serjeant, Pleader, or other, do any manner of Deceit or Collusion in the KingÕs Court, or consent [unto it,4] in deceit of the Court, [or5] to beguile the Court, or the Party, and thereof be attainted, he shall be imprisoned for a Year and a Day, and ffom thenceforth shall not be heard to plead in [that *] Court for any Man ; and if he be no Pleader, he shall be imprisoned in like manner by the Space of a Year and a Day at least; and if the Trespass require greater Punishment, it shall be at the KingÕs Pleasure.

AND Forasmuch as many complain themselves of Officers, Cryers of Fee, and the Marshals of Justices in Eyre, taking Money wrongfully of such as recover Seism of Land, or of them that obtain their Suits, and of Fines levied, and of Jurors, Towns, Prisoners, and of others attached upon Pleas of the Crown, otherwise than they ought to do, in divers manners : And foras.much as there is greater number of them than there ought to be, whereby the People are sore grieved; the King commandeth that such Things be no more done from henceforth; and if any Officer of Fee doth it, his Office shall be taken into the KingÕs hand; and if any of the Justices Marshals do it, they shall be grievously punished at the KingÕs Pleasure ; and as well the one as the other shall pay unto [the7] Complainants the treble Value of that they have received in such manner.

TOUCHING them that take outragious Toll, con.trary to the common Custom of the Realm, in Market Towns; It is Provided, That if any do so in the KingÕs Town, which is let in Fee Farm, the King shall seize into his own hand the Franchise of the Market; and if it be anotherÕs Town, and the same be done by the Lord of the Town, the King shall do in like manner; and if it be done by a Bailiff, [or any mean Officer,*] without the commandment of his Lord, he shall restore to the Plaintiff as much more for the outragious taking, as he [had9] of him, if he had carried away his Toll, and (lo) shall have forty days Imprisonment.

Touching Citizens and Burgesses, to whom the King or his Father hath granted Murage to inclose their Towns, which take such Murage otherwise than it was granted unto them, and thereof be attainted ; It is Pro.vided, That they shall lose their Grant for ever, and shall be grievously amerced unto the King.

OF such as take Viftual or other things to the KingÕs use upon Credence, or [to the Garrison of a Castle,11] or otherwise, and when they have received their pay.ment in the Exchequer or in the Wardrobe, or other.where, they withhold it from the Creditors, to their great damage, and slander of the King; It is Provided, for such as have Lands or Tenements, That incontinent it shall be levied of their Lands, or of their Goods, and paid unto the Creditors, with the Damages they have sustained, and shall make Fine for the Trespass; and if they have no Lands nor [Goods,Ó] they shall be im.prisoned at the KingÕs Will.

And of such as take part of the KingÕs Debts, or other Rewards of the KingÕs Creditors for to make Payment of the same Debt, It is Provided, that they shall pay the Double thereof, and be grievously punished at the KingÕs Pleasure.

And of such as take Horse or Carts for the KingÕs Carriage more than need, and take Rewards to let such

1 maintain the Parties 1 or

i next MS. Tr. a. 4 to do it

i for MS.Tr.t. 6 the 9 all

* Not in Original; nor in MS. Tr. i.

V would have had

10 moreover Ò for the providirÕ of a Cattle

*! Tenements

f Et q nul Clerk de Justice ne de Visconte ne mein- tenge parties en quereles, ne en bosoignes q sont en la Court le Rey; ne ffaude ne face par comune drd- ture delaer ou destorbier; Et si nul le fet il serra puni par la peine plus pscheinement dite, ou par plus grevouse si le trespas le requiert.

Purvueu est ensement q si nul €jaunt Cotour ou autre face nul manere deceyte ou collusion [q sont'] en la Court le Rey, ou cosente de fere la en deceyte de la Court por engingner la Court ou la partie, e de ceo seit ateint, lore eyt la prison de un an e de un jour, e mes ne seit oy en la Court a corner pur nuly: Et si ceo est autre q Contour, par mesme la manere eyt la prison de un an e de un jour al meins. Et si le tres.pas demaunde greinure peine, seit a la volente le Rey.

^ Pur ceo q muls de genz se pleingnent q les €jaunz Criurs de feo, e les [autres *] Marchals [des Justices en Eyre des Justices3] pnent atort deners de ceaus q recovrent seisine de tere, ou q gaingnent lours quere.les, des fins levez, des Jurours, Vilees, prisons, e des autres attachez al pie de la Coroune, autrement q fere ne deussent en mula de maneres; Et de ceo qil i ad plus graunt noumbre de ceaus q aver ne deust, par quei le pople est malement greve, le Rey (4) q dels choses ne seient fetes desoremes; e si nul Serjaunt de fee le face, le office seit pris en la main le Rey: Et si Mareschaus des Justices le facent, seient puniz grevement a la volente le Rey j e a tuz les pleindfs lun e lautre rendra le treble de ceo qil avera issi pris.

De ceaus q pement outÕiouse tounuz encontre comun Usage del reaume [ouJ] ville marchaunde; pÕveu est q si nul le face en la [Court *] le Rey mesme q seit a feferme, le Rey prendra la Pnchise del Marche en sa mein; Et si ceo est autri vile, e ceo seit fet par le Seygn' de mesme la vile, le Rey le fra par mesme la manere ; Et [si ceo fet7] par le Baillif sauz comaunde- ment le Seygn1, il rendra (*) ataunt por la outraiouse prise com il vousist aver pris de li [si il eust enporte son tounu,9] e ovesqes ceo il avera la p'son de xl. jours. Des Citeins e des Burgeys a ki le Rey ou son piere ad g*nte Murage, por lor vile enclore, Et q del Murage prengnet autrement qil lor este g*nte, e de ceo seit ateint, Purveu est qil perdent cele [grace,10] de tut le tens q serra avenir, e serrut en la grevouse merci le Rey.

De ceaus q pnent vitaile ou nul riens al eos le Rey a creaunce, ou a garnison del Chastel ou aillurs, [e k*nt il ount receu le paiement a la chekere, en gar- derobe, ou aillors "] deteingnet la paie des creaunceors, a g*nt damage de eaus en esclaundre del Rey; Porveu est q ceaus q ont teres & tenement q meintenaunt seit ceo leve de lour teres, & de lur chateaus, & paie as cre.aunceors, ove le damage qil averont euz, e seient reina por lur trespas ; e sil neient teres ne tenemez, seient en p'son a la volente le Rey. De ceaus q pnent ptie des dettes le Rey, ou autres louere pement des creaunceors le Rey, por fere la paie de mesme celes dettes; Pur.veu est qil rendent le double, e seient puniz grevement a la volente le Rey. De ceaus q pement Chivaus ou Charettes a fere les cariages le Rey, plus q mester

Lib. X: MS. Cott: Rot. Bodl: ts* Printed Copies omit.

5 des Justices en Eyre & des autres Justices MS. Cott: Rot. Bodl.Ñde Justices en Eyre lib. X: Old Printed Copies.

Ç defent Lib. X. È en Lib. X. 6 ville lib. X.

t sil seit fet Lib. X. * al plantif Lib. X.

9 sil en eust passe saunz teolun Rot. Bodl.

10 grant Printed Copies.

11 These Words are omitted in Lib. Rub Scats. Dublin; They sre inserted above from Lib. State. Westm. X. wherewith MS. Cotti Lib. Nig ; Rot Bodl i Lib. Horn ; several other MSS. and all the Printed Copies agree.

È In the Old Printed Translations this is a Continuation of Chapter 29 j Chapter 31 is numbered 30, and the subsequent Chapters accordingly.


3¡ Edw. I. Stat. Westm. prim. c. 32Ñ37.

35

ne serroit, e pernent louer pur relesser les Chivaus ou les Charettes; Purveu est q si nul de la Court le face, il serra grevement chastie par les Mareschaus, e si ceo seit fet hors de la Curt, (Ô) ou par autre q il seit ateint, si rendra le treble, e serra en la p'son le Rey xl. jours.

^ Purveu est q nul Visconte ne seoffre baretour meintenir paroles en Conte; ne Seneschaus de g*nt Seygnurs, ne autre sil ne seit attome son Seygnur a a suite fere (*) ne rendre les Jugemena des Contez ne pronucier les Jugemena, sil ne seit especialment prie

6 requis de ceo fere de tua les suitiers e les attomez des suit's q i serront a la Jomeie ; e si nul le face, le Rey se prendra grevousement, e al Visconte e a luy.

^ Purceo q plusors unt sovent trove [& Conte com troveun!] dont descord & manere de descord ad este sovent entre le Rey e son pople, ou [aukuns homes4] de son reaume, est defendu pur le damage q ad este e uncore purreit avenir, q desorenavaunt nul ne seit si hardi de dire ne de contier nule fause novele ou controveure, dont nul descord ou manere de descord ou desclaundre puisse sourdre entre le Rey e son pople, ou les haua houmes de son reaume: Et ki le fra seit pris e detenuz en p'son, jesqes a taunt q il eit trove celuy en la Court dont la parole serra meu.

Des haua houmes e lour Bailliz, e des autres hors pris les Ministres le Rey, [qis] especial audiorite est done de ceo fere, q a la pleinte de aukuns, ou par lur audiorite demeine, attachent autres ou lour biens trespasauna par lour poer, a respondre devaut eaus des contraks covenauntes e des trespas fet hors de lour pouer e jurisdidlion, la ou il ne tiengnent rien de eaus, ne dedenz la fraunchise ou lour poer est, en pjudice le Rey e de la Coroune e ai damage del pople; Purveu est q nul desoremes nel face; Et (6) aukun le fet, il rendra a celui q (7) serra attache son damage al double, e serra en la greve merci le Rey.

Purceo q avaunt ces ures ne fut unkes resonable aide a fere fiuz Chivalers, ou a filles marier, mise en Ctein, ne q*nt ele devoit estre prise, ne quel houre, par quei les uns leverent outraiouse aide (*) plus tost q ne sembloit mes?, dont le pople se senti grevee; Purveu est q desoremes de fee de Chivaler entier solement seient donez vint souz, e de vint liveres de tere tenues par socage vint souz, e de pi9 plus, e de meins meins, solum le afferaunt; e q nul ne puisse lever tiel aide de fere son fiuz Chivaler, taunt q son fia seit de age de quinze aunz, ne a sa fille marier taut q ele seit de age de set aunz: Et de ceo serra fet mencion en la brief le Rey forme sur ceo, q*nt il le veille demaun- der. Et sil avent q le piere, qÕnt il avera leve tiel ayde de ses tenauna, meorge avaunt q il eyt sa fille marie, les essecutors le piere seint tenuz a la fille en taunt com le piere avera receu, (*) e si les biens ('¡) ne soffisent, le heyr seit tenu de ceo a la fille.

^ Purveu est & acorde ensement, q si nul houme seit ateint de deseissine, fete en tens le Rey q ore est, [ou "] roberie de nul maner de Chatel ne de meoble par reconuzaunce de assise de Novele Deseisine, le

1 p houme dc la curt Lit. X: MS. Cott.

* seer Lit. Nig.Ñscir (altered from seit) Lit. X.Ñscour Lib. Horn.ÑRot. Bod/, after a suite fere reads that: a fer Justicemt del Conte ne pnuncier

fen Counte controveurs MS. Cott: Lit. Nig.

1 < e counte contrevures Lit. X: Rot. Bod/.

L Some Printed Copies add des countes : others des novelles f hauz homes Lit. Nig: Rot. Bodl.

4 < entr akuns haus houmes Lit. X.

V. ascuns hautes hommes MS- Cott.

> a ki Lit. X. * si Lit. X.

7 p cel acheson Lit. X. * e Lit. X.

¥> por cest ayde Lit. X. 10 le pere Lib. X.

11 ove Rot. Bodl.

Horse or Carts go; It is Provided, that if anv of the Court so do, he shall be grievously punished by the Marshals; and if it be done out of the Court, [or by one that is not of the Court, and'] be thereof attainted, he shall pay treble Damages, and shall remain in the KingÕs Prison Forty Days.

IT is Provided, That no Sheriff shall suffer any Bar- retors [or Maintainere ofÕ] Quarrels in their Shires, neither Stewards of great Lords, nor other unless he be Attorney for his Lord, to make Suit, [norÕ] to give judgements in the Counties, nor to pronounce the judgements, if he be not specially required and prayed

(4) of all the Suitors, and Attomies of the Suitors, which shall be at the Court; and if any do, the King shall punish grievously both the Sheriff and him that so doth.

Forasmuch as there have been oftentimes found in the Country [Devisors *] of Tales, whereby discord [or occasion6] of discord, hath many times arisen be.tween the King and his People, or Great Men of this Realm ; for the Damage that hath (7) and may thereof ensue ; It is commanded, That from henceforth none be so hardy to tell or publish any false News or Tales, whereby discord, or [occasion *] of discord or slander may grow between the King and his People, or the Great Men of the Realm; and he that doth so, shall be taken and kept in Prison, until he hath brought him into the Court, [which was the first Author of the Tale.6]

OF Great Men and their Bailiffs, and other, the KingÕs Officers only excepted unto whom especial Authority is given, which at the Complaint of some, or by their own Authority, attach other passing through their Ju.risdiction with their Goods, [compelling them Ò] to answer afore them upon Contracts, Covenants, and Trespasses, done out of their Power and their Jurisdic.tion, where indeed they hold nothing of them, nor within the Franchise, where their Power is, in Prejudice of the King and his Crown, and to the Damage of the People ; It is Provided, That none from henceforth so do ; and if any do, he shall pay to him, that by this Occasion shall be attached, his Damages double, and shall be grievously amerced to the King.

FORASMUCH as before this time, reasonable Aid to make ones Son Knight, or to marry his Daughter, was never put in certain, nor how much should be taken, nor at what time, whereby some levied unrea.sonable Aid, and more often than seemed necessary, whereby the People were sore grieved ; It is Provided, That from henceforth of an whole KnightÕs Fee there be taken but xx. s. and of xx. pound Land holden in Socage xx. s. and of more, more; and of less, less; after the rate. And that none shall levy such Aid to make his Son Knight, until his Son be fifteen years of Age, nor to marry his Daughter, until she be of the age of seven years. And of that there shall be made mention in the KingÕs Writ, formed on the same, when any will demand it. And if it happen that the Father, after he hath levied such Aid of his Tenants, die before he hath married his Daughter, the Executors of the Father shall be bound to the Daughter, for so much as the Father received for the Aid. And if the FatherÕs Goods be not sufficient, his Heir shall be charged there.with unto the Daughter.

IT is Provided also and agreed, That if any Man be attainted of Disseisin done in the time of the King that now is, with Robbery of any manner of Goods or Moveables, [and be found against him Ó] by Recog.nizance of Assise of Novel Disseisin, the Judgement

* by one 0/the Court, or ly any other who thall

* to maintain 1 to sitte and MS. Tr. t.

4 it for to do MS. Tr.I. 5 Tellers

6 and matere MS. Tr. i. t been MS. Tr. i. * matter

4 which did speake the same.

Ò Not in Original.

11 Old Translation! and MS.Tr I. omit.


XXXIII.

Barret or* in County Courts-

XXXIV. Of Çlanderous Report!.

XXXV. Excess of Jurisdiction in Franchises.

XXXVI. Aids for Knighthood and Marriage.

XXXVII.

Disseisin

with

Robbery; or by force.

XXXVIII.

Attaints in real Actions.

XXXIX. Limitation of Prescription.

XL.

Vouchers to Warranty.

In Writs of Entry no Voucher out of the Line.

Counter.pleading to Voucher in W rit of Right.

shall be such ; that the Plaintiff shall recover his Seisin and his Damages, as well of the Goods and Moveables aforesaid, as [for the Freehold,'] and the Disseisor shall make fine, [which,1] whether he be present or not [so it be presentedJ] shall first be awarded to Prison. And in like manner it shall be done of Disseisin with Force and Arms, although there be no Robbery.

FORASMUCH as certain People of this Realm doubt [very little4] to make a false Oath, [which they ought not to do,5] whereby much People are disherited, and lose their Right; It is Provided, That the King, of his Office, shall from henceforth grant Attaints upon En- quests in Plea of Land, or of Freehold, or of any thing touching Freehold, when it shall seem to him necessary.

AND Forasmuch as it is long time passed since the Writs undernamed were (6) limited ; It is Provided, That in conveying a Descent in a Writ of Right, none shall [presume7] to declare of the Seisin of his An.cestor further, or beyond the time of King Richard, Uncle to King Henry, Father to the King that now is; and that a Writ of Novel Disseisin, [of Partition,*] which is called Nuper obiit, have their Limitation since the first Voyage of King Henry, Father to the King that now is, into Gascoin. And that Writs of Mortdances- tor, of Cosinage, of Aicl, of Entry, and of Nativis, have their Limitation from the Coronation of the same King Henry, and not before. Nevertheless all Writs pur.chased now by themselves, or to be purchased between this and the Feast of St.John, for one Year complete, shall be pleaded from as long time, as heretofore they have been used to be pleaded.

FORASMUCH as many People are delayed of their Right by false vouching to Warranty; It is Provided, That in Writs of Possession, [first in Writ9] of Mort- dauncestor, of Cosinage, of Aiel, Nuper obiit, of Intru.sion, and other like Writs, whereby Lands or Tenements are demanded, which ought to descend, revert, remain, or [escheatl0] by the death of any Ancestor or [other.wise,"] if the Tenant vouch to Warranty, and the De.mandant counterpleadeth him, and will aver by Assise, or by the Country, or otherwise, as the Court will award, that the Tenant, or his Ancestor, whose Heir he is, was the first that entered after the Death of him, of whose Seisin he demandeth ; the Averment of the De.mandant shall be received, if the Tenant [will abide thereupon";] and if not, he shall be further compelled to another answer, if he have not his Warrantor present, that wiil warrant him freely, and incontinent enter into the Warranty; saving unto the Demandant his Excep.tions against him, if he will vouch [further,'1] as he had before against the first Tenant. From henceforth in all manner of Writs of Entry, which make mention of Degrees, none shall vouch out of the Line : or in other Writs of Entry, where no mention is made of Degrees; which [Writ '4] shall not be maintained, but in cases where the other Writs of Degrees cannot ('5) lie, nor hold place : and in a Writ of Right It is Provided, That if theTenant vouch to Warranty, and the Demandant will counter-plead him, and be ready to aver by the Country, that he that is vouched to Warranty, nor his Ancestors, had never Seisin of the Land or Tenement demanded, nor Fee or Service by the hands of [his,4] Tenant, or his Ancestors, since the Time of him, on whose Seisin the Demandant declareth, until the lime that the Writ was purchased, and the Plea moved, whereby he might have infeoffed the 'Tenant or his Ancestors, then let the Aver.ment of the Demandant be received, if the Tenant [will abide thereupon17;] if not, the Tenant shall be further

I for the Soil

* Old Translation* omit this Word.

J so as if he be present, he

* lets 5 than they ought

¥formerly 7 be heard

4 and of Purpnrtie MS.Tr.i.

v as in the Writ MS.Tr. I. 10 fall

II of other MS.Tr. i. 11 thereto will attend F. 1534.

o over MS. Tr. 1. '.* Writs

11 of right 14 the thereto awill ttend F. 1 $34.

jugement seit tiel q le pleintif recovera sa seisine e ses damages, ausi bien des Chateaus e del meoble avaunt- dit com [del eel;'] Et le deseisisur seit reint, le quel q il seit psent ou noun ; issi q si il seit enp>set primes seit agarde a la prison: Et par mesme la manere seit fet de deseisine fet a force & armes, tut ne face on roberie.

Purceo q aukune genz de la tere doutent meins de fere feus dement, q fere ne deussent, pr quei mult de genz sont desheritez e pdent lour dreit; Purveu est q desoremes le Rei de son office dorra ateintes sur les en- questes, en plai de tere, ou de [fraunchise'] (*) qs tou.che fraunk tenement, qÒnt il li semblera q bosoigne seit.

Et pur ceo q le tens est mult passe puis q les briefs desuz nomeez furent aut' feiz limitez; Purveu est q [om4] conte de decente, en le brief de dreit, q nul ne seit oy por demaunder la seisine son auncestre de plus lointein seisine q del tens le Rey Richard, oncle (5) le piere le Rey q ore est; e q le brief de Novele deseisine, e de porpartie q est appelle nup obiit, eient le terme puis le primer passage le Rey Henry, piere nostre Seign' le Rey q ore est, en Gascoyngne. Et le brief de Mort Dauncestre, de Cosinage, del Ael, e de Entre, e brief de Neivete eyent le tme del Coroune. met (6) le Rey Henri, e ne mie avaunt. Mes q tuz les briefs ore [a par mesme7] (*) ou q lent p'chasera entre ci e la Seint Johan en un an, seient pledez del tens q avaunt soleient estre pleidez.

Et pur ceo q mulz de genz sont delaez de lour dreit pur fausement voucher (9) garaunt; Purveu est en brief de possession, tut a primes si com en brief de Mort dauncestre, Cosinage, del Aiel, nup obiit, de entrusion, e en autres briefs semblables, par les queus teres ou tenemenz seient demadez, q deivent decendre, revertir, remeindre, ou escheir par mort dauncestre, ou de autre, q si le tenaunt vouche a garaunt, e le de- maundaunt le contre pleide, e veille averrer par assise, ou par pais, ou en autre manere si com la Court le Rey agardera, q le tenat, ou son auncestre qi heyr il est, fust le primer ki entra apres la mort celui de qi seisine il demaunde, seit la verrement del demaundaunt receu, si le tenaunt le veille atendre, si ceo noun, seit bote utre a autre respons, sil ne eit son garaunt enpresent [q il voille graunter,0] de son gre, e meintenaunt en- trer en respons, sauve al demaundaut ses excepcions encontre li sil voille voucher outre, com il avoit avaunt [com "] le primer tenaunt. De rechief en totes ma- neres des briefs de Entre (") font mencion des degrez, q nul desoremes ne vouche hors de la lingne : (,J) En autre briefs de Entre [q la'4] ou nule mencion nest fet des degrez, les queus briefs ne soient sostenuz, fors la ou les avaundiz briefs des degrez ne poent gisir ne liu tenir de dreyt. Et en brief de dreit, Purveu est q si le tenaunt vouche a garant, e le demaundaunt le veille contrepleider, e seit prest de averr par pays q celi q est vouche, ou ses auncestres, unkes naveyent seisine de la tere ou del tenement demaunde, fee ne svise par la meyn le tenaunt ou de se3 auncestres, puis le tens cely de qi seisine le demaundaunt conte, jesqes al tens q le brief fo purchace, & le pie meu, par quei [il poent averrer q le tenaunt ou ses auncestres feoffez,'5] seit laverrement del demaundaunt receu si le tenaunt le voille attendre ; si ceo noun, seit le tenaunt

, J del el Lib. X: del elcs MS. Cott. t de el Lib. Nig: Hot. Bod/: del soil Old Printed Copies.

1 ou dc chose Lib. A.

È al Rey Henry Lib. A. 7 a p'mes Rot. Bod/.

9 a MS. Cott.

'' con? Lib. X.

11 E ausi Lib. X.

1 franktcncmcnt Printed Copies. 4 en Lib. X.

4 mesme MS.Cott. e prchasez Lib. X. lo ke le voile garantir Lib. X.

È ke Lib. X.

11 Lib. X : MS. Cott: Rot. Bodl. omit.

( il poit avoir le tenant ou ses auncestres feffe, MS. Cott. 11 < il ne poit a?rcr ke le tenaul ou son auncestre seit feffe, l Lib. X.

bote a autre respons til neit son garaunt enp'sent, [qil voille'] garauntir de son gre, et meintenaunt en- trer en respons, sauve al demaundaunt ses excepcions encountre li, si com il avoit avaunt encontre le primer tenaunt. Et lavauntdit excepcion eit liu en brief de Mort de Auncestre, e en autres briefs avaunt nomez, ausi bien com en briefs q touchent dreit. Et si le te.naunt par cas eyt Chartre de garauntie de autre houme [de coste Õ] q se seit oblige en nul de les avauntdiz cas [a la garauntie de son eindegre,5] sauve li seit son recoverir par brief de garantie de Chartre de la Chaun- celerie le Rey q*nt il voudra purchaser, mes q le plai ne seit por ceo delaie.

^ De 9ment de Champyons est porveu, pur ceo q [relement4] avient q le Champion al demaundaunt ne seit pjurs, einz ceo q il jure q il ou son piere vit la seisine son Seyngnr ou de son auncestrere, (s) son piere lui comaunda fere la desrene, q mes ne seit le Champion al demaundaunt destreint a ceo jurer; mes seit le €ment garde en tuz ses autres poinz.

Purceo q en briefs de Assises e de Atteintes e jurees de Utrum, les jurors sont (6) travaillez par as- soigne des tenaunz; Purveu est q del houre qil eit une fiez apparu en Court, q mes ne puisse essoneyr* mes face attome a suire pur li sil veille; si ceo noun, seit le assise ou la juree prise par sa defaute.

Pur ceo q les demaundaunz sont soventefoiz de- laiez de lour dreit, por ceo qil iad plusors parceners tenaunz [jointement feoffez, ou nul ne siet son seve.ral,Õ] dont nul ne poet respondre saunz autre, ou q il iad plusors [parceners š] tenaunz jointement feoffez, ou nul ne siet son several, e ceus tenaunz souvent fourchent par assoingne, issi q cheskun eyt un as- soingne; Purveu est q desoremes iceaus tenaunz ne eyent assoingne fors q a une joumee, & nient plus q un soul tenaunt, issi q mes puissent fourcher, fortaunt soulement a9 un assoigne.

Purceo q mulz de genz se font fausement as- soigner de Utre Meer, la ou il furet en Engletere le jour de la somonse, Purveu est q desoremes tj tiel assoingne ne seit pas del tut alouwe, si le demaund.aunt le chalenge, e prest est de averrer qil fut en Engletere le jour q la somonse fu fete, e treis se.memes apres, mes seit ajorne en cest fourme, q si le demaundaunt a tiel jour suie la verrement par pais ou sicom la Court le Rey agardera, e seit ateint q le tenaunt fut dedenz les quatre meers, le jour qil fu somons e tres semeines apres, issi q il poeit estre re- sonablement gami de la somonse, seit le assoingne tume en une defaute; e ceo fet a entendre taunt Soulement devaunt Justices.

Des delais en tote maneres de brefs (Õ) de attache- menz, est purveu, q si le tenaunt ou le defendaunt, apres le (,0) attachement tesmoingne, face defaute, q meinte.naunt seit le graunt destresce agarde; e si le Visconte ne respoingne soffisaument al jour, seit grevousemet aiScie; Et sil maunde qil ad fet le execucion en due manere, e les issues bailliez as mainpernors, adonkes seit

1 ke le voile Lib. X.Ñke [luy struck throÕÕ] voille Lib. Horn.

' par encoste Lib. Horn.Ñen coste Lib. X-Ñentoste Rot. Bodl.ÑThe oldest Printed Copies read homme qui soil oblige.Ñ 2 Inst, reads homme de ceo chose q' soit oblige

* ¡u le garantie de son eyne gre Lib. X.

4 rerement Lib. X: Rot. Bodl. 7 e ke Lib. Horn.

6 sovet Lib. Horn.

7 Lib. Horn : Lib. X: MS. Cott: Rot. Bodl. omit.

* Lib. X: Lib. Horn : Rot. Bodl. tsÔ Printed Copies omit.

* 8c Lib. Horn : Rot. Bodl. 10 primer Printed Copies.

compelled unto another Answer, if he be not present that will warrant him freely, and incontinent enter in Answer, saving unto the Demandant his Exceptions against him, as he had afore against the first Tenant. And the said Exception shall have place in a Writ of Mortdauncestor, and in the other Writs before named, as well as in Writs that concern Right. And if percase the Tenant have a [Deed, that compriseth Warranty of another Man, which is bound in none of these cases before mentioned to the Warranty of an elder Degree,'] his Recovery, by a Writ of Warranty of Charters out of the KingÕs Chancery, shall be saved to him at what time soever he will purchase it; howbeit the Plea shall not be de.layed therefore.

TOUCHING the Oaths of Champions, It is thus chÈm^onÕ* Provided, because it seldom [happened,Õ] but that the oÈth m * Champion of the [DefendantJ] is forsworn, in that he Writ of sweareth, that he or his Father saw the Seisin of his Right. Lord, or his Ancestor, and that his Father commanded him to dereign that Right; that from henceforth the Champion of the Demandant shall not be compelled so to swear: Nevertheless his Oath shall be kept in all other Points.

FORASMUCH as in a Writ of Assise, Attaints, and XLII. Juris utrum, the Jurors been often troubled by reason of >ft¡r Ò¡ln the Essoins of Tenants ; It is Provided, That after the Appearance. Tenant hath once appeared in the Court, he shall be no more essoined, but shall make his Attorney to sue for him, if he will; and if not, the Assise or Jury shall be taken through his Default.

FORASMUCH as Demandants be oftentimes delayed XLIII. of their Right, by reason that many Parceners be Te- p,8Ó"', nants, of which none may be compelled to answer j/c< without the other, or (*) there may be many jointly in- feoffed, where none knoweth his several, and such Te.nants oftentimes fourch by Essoin, so that every of them hath a several Essoin; It is Provided, That from hence.forth such Tenants shall not have Essoin, but at one Day, (5) no more than one sole Tenant should have; so that from henceforth they shall no more fourch, but only shall have one Essoin.

FORASMUCH as divers Persons cause themselves XLIV. falsely to be essoined, for being over the Sea, where ?,?*¡lnw indeed they were within the Realm the Day of the Sum- tra mons; It is Provided from henceforth, That this Essoin be not always allowed, if the Demandant will challenge it, and will be ready to aver that he was in England the Day of Summons and three weeks after ; but shall be adjourned in this Form: That if the Demandant [be ready6] at a certain Day, [by Averment ofÕ] the Country, or otherwise as the Court shall award, [to prove'] that the Tenant was within the Four Seas the Day that he was summoned, and three Weeks after, so that he might be reasonably warned by the Summons, the Essoin shall be turned into a Default; and that is to be understanden only before Justices.

CONCERNING Delays in all Manner of Writs XLV. [and *] Attachments, It is thus Provided, That if the ^roceÒt0 Tenant or Defendant, after the first [Attachments re- cªi* rance turned,10] make Default, that incontinent the great PPÒr*nce- Distress shall be awarded; and if the Sheriff- do not make sufficient Return by a certain day, he shall be grievously amerced; and if he return, that he hath done Execution in due manner, and the Issues delivered to the Sureties, then the Sheriff shall be commanded, that he 1

1 Chartre of Waranlise of other Man, bisidc that he be

obliged in ani of the forcseide cas to the Warauntise of his

gode wille, MS. Tr. I. Õ happeneth s and

7 the Averment, by

È of MS. Tr. I.

s Demandant * that 6 prosecute

* and it le then found '¥ Attachment recorded

Vot. L

L


__________________________________

Estreats of Issues.

XLVI. Order of hearing Pleas.

XLVII. Non-age of Heirs in Disseisins.

XLVIII. Unlawful Feoffment of Lands in Ward.

Suit of

Procheiu

Amy.

XLIX.

Plea in Dower.

return Issues at another Day before the Justices ; and if the Party being attached come in at his Day to save his Defaults, he shall have the Issues; and if he come not, the King shall have them ; and the [KingÕs Justices '] shall cause them to be delivered in the Wardrobe ; and the Justices of the Bench at Westminster shall deliver them in the Exchequer ; and the Justices in Eyre unto the Sheriff of that Shire where they plead, as well of that Shire, as of foreign Shires, and (') shall be charged therewith in Summons by the Rolls of Justices.

IT is Provided also, and commanded by the King, That the Justices of the KingÕs Bench (J) at Westminster from henceforth shall decide all Pleas [determinable4] at one Day, before any matter be [arraigned,5] or [Plea commenced6] the Day following, saving that their Essoins shall be entered, judged, and allowed ; yet, by reason hereof, let none presume to absent himself at the Day to him limited.

IT is Provided also, That if any from henceforth pur.chase a Writ of Novel Disseisin, and he against whom the Writ was brought as Principal Disseisor, dieth be.fore the Assise be passed, then the Plaintiff shall have his Writ of Entry upon Disseisin against the Heir or Heirs of the Disseisor [or Disseisors,7] of what Age soever they be : In the same wise the Heir or Heirs of the Disseisee shall have their Writs of Entry against the Disseisors, or their Heirs, of what Age soever they be, if peradventure the Disseisee die before that he hath purchased his Writ; so that for the Nonage of the Heirs of the one party, nor of the other, the Writ shall not be abated, nor the Plea delayed; but as much as a man can without offending the Law, it must be hasted to make fresh Suit after the Disseisin. And in like manner [this shall be observed in all points for the Right of Prelates,8] Men of Religion, and other, to whom Lands and Tenements [can in no wise descend9] after others death, whether they be Disseisees or Disseisors. And if the Parties in pleading come to an Inquest, and it passeth against the Heir within Age, and namely, against the Heir of the Disseisee, that in such case he shall have an Attaint of the KingÕs special Grace.

IF a Guardian, [orlo] Chief Lord, infeoff any Man of Land, that is the Inheritance of a Child within Age, and in his Ward, to the Disheritance of the Heir ; It is Pro.vided, That the Heir shall forthwith have his Recovery by Assise of Novel disseisin against his Guardian, and against the Tenant; and the Seisin shall be delivered by the Justices, if it be recovered, to the next Friend of the Heir, to whom the Inheritance cannot descend, for to improve to the Use of the Heir, and to answer for the Issues unto the Heir, when he shall come unto his full Age ; and the Guardian, during his Life, shall lose the custody of the thing recovered, and all (") the Inheritance that he holdeth [by reason Ó] of the Heir. And if an.other Guardian than the Chief Lord do it, he shall lose the Wardship [of all together,'5] and be grievously pu.nished by the King. And if the Infant be carried away, or disturbed by the Guardian, or by the Feoffee, or by other, by reason whereof he cannot sue his Assise, then may one of his next Friends, that will, sue for him ; which shall be thereto admitted.

IN a Writ of Dower, called Unde nihil habet, the Writ shall not abate by the Exception of the Tenant, because she hath received her Dower of another Man before her Writ purchased, unless he can shew that she hath received Part of her Dower of himself, and in the same town, before the Writ purchased.

1 .Mi, et of the King e Pleat 1 he

J and Justices of the Bench MS. Tr. i.

9 that eland to he determined * entered upon

* commenced, of the Pleat of 7 Not in Original.

* this point shall be observed towards Prelates

* in ani manere mighte comen MS. Tr. i.

10 being " the reit of

Ò in name MS.Tr. t.

*J of the nuhole, for that time,

maunde al Visconte q al autre jour face venir les issues devaunt Justices ; e si le attache vent (') sauver ses de- fautes, eit les issues, & sil ne vent, eit le Rey les issues. F.t Justices a les plez le Rey les facent liverer en gar- derobe ) Justices de Baunc a Weymostier les facent liverer al Escheker; Justices en Eyre al Visconte de cel Counte ou il pleident, ausi bien de cel Conte com de foreins Countiez, e de ceo seit charge en somonse par roule des Justices.

Purveu est ensement, e par le Rey comaunde, q Justices al Baunk le Rey e Justices del Baunk a Weymostier, (Õ) parpleydent les plez [aterminez1] a un jour, [einz4] ceo q riens seyt attame ou comence des plez del jou ensuiaunt, hors pris q les assoingnes seient entrez, jugez & renduz. Et par acheson de ceo nul houme se fie q il ne viengne a son jour q done lui est.

Purveu est ensement q si nul desoremes purchace brief de Novelc Deseisine, e si celui sur qi le brief vient com principal deseisisour meorge avaunt q le Assise seit passe, q le pleintif eyt son brief de Ent' funde sur deseisine, sour le heyr ou sour les heyrs al deseisisour, de quel age qil seient ; en mesme la ma.nere eit le heyr ou les heyrs al deseisi lour brief de Entre sur les deseisisours, (5) de quel age qil seient, si par aventure le deseisi meorge avaunt qil eit son purchaz fet; issi q pur le noun Age de heyrs de une part & de autre ne seit le brief abatu ne le plai delaie, mes a q*nt lorn poet saunz lei offendre, seit haste pur la fresche suite apres la deseisine. En mesme la ma.nere seit cel point garde endreit des Prelaz gent de religion e autres as queus teres ou tenemez en nule ma.nere puissent devenir apres autri mort, le quel qil seient deseisiz ou deseisisors. Et si les parties en pleidaunt decendent en enqueste, e ele passe en contre le heyr [al deseisi,6] qil en tiel cas eit lateinte de la grace le Rey.

Si gardein (7) chief Seyngnr feoffe nul houme de la terre q est del heritage al enfaunt, q est dedenz age e en sa garde, a la deseriteson del heyr; Purveu est q le heyr meintenaunt eyt son recoverir, par bref de Novele Deseisine ver son gardein e ver le tenaunt, e seit la seisine bailie par Justices, si ele seit recovee, al pchein ami a ki le heritage ne purra descendre, pur apruer al eos lenfaunt, e a respondre al heyr des issues, com il vendra a son age ; e le gardein pde a tote sa vie la garde de mesme la chose recovere, e de tut le remenaunt del heritage qil tient en noun del heyr. Et si autre gardein q chief Seygnr le face, pde la garde de tote cele chose (8) e seit a greve peine dever le Rei. Et si lenfaunt seit aloingne ou destourbe par le gardein ou par le feoffe ou par aut' par quei il ne puisse sasise suire, suie por lui un de ses procheins amis q voudra, e seit receu.

En bref de Douayre dont dame riens nad, mes ne seit le bref abatu par excepcion del tenaunt, por ceo q ele avera receu son douayre de aut' houme avaunt son bref purchace; sil ne puisse mostrier q ele eyt receu partie de douayre de li mesme e en mesme la vile avaunt son bref purchace.

1 a cel jour Lib. Horn: MS. Cot/.Ña teu jour a Rot. Bodl.

* desormes Lib. X. 3 atamez Lib. X.

4 avaut Lib. X. < ou sur lur heirs Rot.Bodl.

6 dedenz age, & nomeemet encountre le heyr au disseisi Lib. Horn : Lib. Nig : MS. Cott: Rot. Bodl.

7 ou Lib. X.ÑIn Lib.Horn, ou is inserted, but struck through-, MS. Cott. and the earliest Printed Copies omit the Word.

8 a cel foiz Lib. Horn : Lib. X: Rot. Bodl.


Et pur ceo q le Rey fet cels choses al honur de Dieu e de Seint Eglise, e pur le comun prou e le aleiaunce de ceus q grevez sont, il ne voet mie q autre foiz puisent toumer a pjudice de lui, ne de la Coroune; mes q les dreiz q li aportiengnet li seient sauvez en tuz [ses aut's'] poinz.

Et pur ceo q graunt Charite serroit de fere dreyt a tuz, e en tuz tens [ou Õ] mes? serroyt, q par as- sentement des Prelaz, Assises de Novele Deseisine, de Mort Daucest', & de Drein present, feussent prises en ladvent, e en septuagesine, e en quaremme, ausi bien com lem fet les Enquestes; e ceo prie le Rey as Eveskes.

Explic1 hie Statutu Dni Edwardi apd Westm in c*stio Clausi Pasctl, anno r sui ?cio, post coronacionem suam.

1 Lib. Horn 1 Lib. X; Rot. Bodl. omit.

¥ e Lib. Horn ; Rot. Bodl.ÑLib. X: MS. Cott. omit.

AND Forasmuch as the King hath ordained these things unto the Honour of God and Holy Church, and for the Commonwealth, and for the Remedy of such as be grieved, he would not that at any other time it should turn in Prejudice of himself, or of his Crown j but that such Right, as appertains to him, should be saved in all points.

AND Forasmuch as it is great Charity to do Right unto all Men at all times, [when need shall be, by the Assent of all the Prelates, it was provided, That Õ] Assises of Novel disseisin, Mortdauncestor, and Darrain Present.ment, should be taken in Advent, Septuagesima, and Lent, even as well as Enquests may be taken; and [that at the special Request of the King, made unto the Bishops.Õ]

Hereendeth the Statute of our Lord King Edward, made at Westminster on the Morrow of the Close of Easter, in the Third Year of his Reign after his Coronation.

1 It would be expedient that by Ateent of all the Prelate/,

* hereof the Xing maketh request to the Buhope.

Ex Rot. Pat. 3 E. I. m. 10.

De Statutis legendis 8c pclamand in com Cestr & alibi.

REX Justic suo Cestr Satm. Cum pp? coem militate it tocius regni nn melioracoem 8c popli nfi relevacoem, de yi consilio Prelatoj 8c Magnatu ej9de regni qÕsdam pvisioes 8c quedam statuta, cu magna diligencia ordinari 8c p'mod sigillo nro signari fecim9 tam a nob 8c Ministris nris quibjcuq, q* ab ipis Prelatis 8c Magnatib) suis, ac tota estate regni jJdci ad ppetuam memoriam rei geste inviolabiliP obPvand; Vob mandam9 in fide 8c dileccoe quibj nob tenemini, firmiP inju- gentes, qd pvisiones 8c statuta ilia in pleno com Cestr, 8c in (ingut Hundf ejusde com, civitatib), burgis, vitt mcatoriis, 8c locis aliis ubi expedire videritis, legi 8c publice 8c sollepni? pclamari, 8c ea in omib) 8c singlis articulis suis 8c ab omib) de batta vra fut'is temporibj jux* tenore eopdem firmiP 8c invio.

labiliP obsvari j 8c pvisionibj 8c statutis illis sic pclamatis, 8c ea in singlis locis inf* battam vram ubi expedire videritis dis.unite 8c apte coscribi 8c ea fidelib) nris IocojÈ illoy, sic scÕpta sine diloe libari vob ac battis 8c fidelib) nris here cum eis ju- dicaPitis ostededa & q'tuor vt duob) militib) de fideliorib) & discrecorib) militib) com pdei, de assensu tocius yitatis t*di faciatis ad sec'itate nram 8c dee yitatis c9todiend. Et ita vos heatis in hoc mandato nro exequendo ne nob seu aliis, p vos vt vros, seu vob p defcm vrm vt vroj, imputari possit vt debeat, qd ea que in dcis pvisionib) 8c statutis continent* vel eo^ aliqua in balta vra min9 plene oWSvent*. Et hoc vob 8c uniPsitati com pdei tenore psenciu significam9. T. R. apud Westm xxviij. die Maij.

Cons Ire dirigunt* singut Vicecoitib) p Angt.

Ex Lib. Horn.

EDWARDUS, &c. Majori 8c Vic suis Lond Sattm. Cu ad melioracom stat9 toci9 regni nri, de coi consilio platoj 8c Magnatu ej9 regni, fecim9 qÕsda pvisioes i code regno fut'is tepib) observandas q*s vob mittim9 sigillo nro signatas:

Vob pcipim9 q, pvisiones illas in pleno Hustengo vfo 8c alibi inf* balliva vram ubi expedire videritis legi & publicari facia? 8c hoc no omittaf. T. meipo apd Wyndes xvj. die Julii So r nn Pcio.

The foregoing IXrit is entered in Lib. Horn at the bottom of the Pages on which the Entry of the Statute begins: In the Margin at the beginning of the Statute is the following Memorandum : Istud Statutu exa* p ceram Gildaule : and at the End of the Statute is written j Istud Statu? est vere exam p statutu sigillatu in cera in Gildaula Lond.


L

Saving for the Crown.

LI. Time of taking certain A wises enlarged.

Anno 4¡ EDWARD I, I- A.D.1275,12T6. dDfifieiu Coronatons.

The OFFICE of The CORONER.

Of whit things a Coroner shall inquire.

Homicide.

Commitment of the Offenders.

One found slain.

Inquisition of the Lands and Goods of the Offenders.

A CORONER of our Lord the King ought to in.quire of these Things, [if he be certified by the KingÕs Bailiffs, or other honest Men of the Country: First, he shall go '] to the Places where any be slain, or suddenly dead, or wounded, or where Houses are broken, or where Treasure is said to be found, (*) and shall forthwith command four of the next Towns, or five or six, to appear before [him3] in such a place: and when they are come thither the Coroner upon the Oath of them shall inquire in this manner, that is to wit ; [If they know where the Person was slain, whether it were in any house, field, bed, tavern, or company,4] and who were there: Likewise it is to be inquired, who were culpable either of the Aft, or of the Force, and who were present, either Men or Women, and of what age soever they be, if they can speak, or have any Dis.cretion : and how many soever be found culpable by Inquisition in any of the manners aforesaid, they shall be taken and delivered to the Sheriff, and shall be committed to the Gaol: and such as be founden, and be not culpable, shall be attached until the coming of the Justices, and their Names shall be written in (() Rolls. If it fortune any such Man be slain, which is found in the Fields, or in the Woods, first it is to be inquired, whether he were slain in the same Place or not; and if he were brought and laid there, they shall do so much as they can to follow their steps that brought the body thither, whether he were brought upon a horse, or in a cart, (6): It shall be inquired also, if the dead Person were known, or else a Stranger, and where he lay the night before; and [if any be found cul.pable of the Murther,7] the Coroner shall immediately go unto his House, and shall inquire what Goods he hath, and what Com he hath in his Graunge; and, if he be a Freeman, they shall inquire how much Land he hath, and what it is worth yearly; and further, what Com he hath upon the Ground : And when they have thus inquired upon every thing, they shall cause all the Land, Com, and Goods to be valued, in like manner as if they should be sold incontinently, and thereupon they shall be delivered to the whole Town.ship, which shall be answerable before the Justices [for all'] ; and likewise of his Freehold, how much it is worth yearly over and above the Service due to the Lords of the Fee; and the Land shall remain in the

Ô Fiht, when the Coronert of our Lord the King have a command from the King's Bailiffs, or from the good Men of the Country, logo 1 they ought to go forthwith { them

* If it he concerning a Man stain, first it is to be enquired where he was slain ; to wit, whether it were in a Field, or in a House, or at any Wrestling, or at a Tavern, or in any Company,

* the CoronerÕs

Ô f perchance he were brought by cart or horse 7 if any such be slain of whose murther any be found culpable,

* for the same

Ex MS. Harl. No. 667. fo. 222, b.

HEC sunt inq'renda a Coronatorib} dni Regis.

In primis qn Coronatores dni Regis hent man- datu, a ballivis dni Regis vel a pbis homimbj pne, qd accedant ad occisos vel subito mortuos, vel vulne- ratos, vel domop fraftores, vel ad locu ubi dicitur Thesauru esse inventu, statim accedere debent, & sta- tim mandare debent quatuor villaf vicinas, vel quinq,, vel sex, qd sint coram ipis in tali loco: Et cum veniint ibi Coronatores p sacrametu illojs debent fa?e inq'sitidem in hac forma; scil; si fuit de homine oc- ciso, primo est inquir ubi occisus fSit, scil; an in campo, an in domo, an ad [luftam,'] an ad tabemam, an ad cong'gatione: et si q's vel qui ibidem fSint: Simili? est inquir qui vel quales culpabiles fuerint, sive de fafto sive de forcia, et [quis fuerit in curia, et qui ibidem fuerint*] holes vel femine, cui9cuqs fSint etatis, dum tame loqui sciant et heant discrone aliqua: Et quot inventi fSint culpabiles per inquisition? ali- quop pklffop modop, capientÕ et liberent' Vice?, et po- nantur in Gaiolam: Et quot inventi fSint qui non sint culpabiles, attachienf usq, adventu Justiciar, et n5ia eo£ omniu in rotulis Coronator scribentur. Si quis aute talium occisus fSit in campis, vel in boscis, et inveniat'; Primo vidend est utrum ibi occisus fSit vt no, si forte ibi deferetur, sequantÕ vestigia si sciri potest eop qui corpus ibi detulerunt vel equi duxe- rint vel caretta, si forte caretta deferatÕ vel equo: Inquiratur etiam si interfeftus notus fSit vel ignotus, et ubi nofte ilia precedente fffit hospitatus: Si aute hsi occisi fuerint, de quibj dicatur quod sint cul.pabiles, statim accedant Coronatores ad domos illop, et inquirent que catalla huerunt, vel que blada in Grangia; Et si liber fuerit, quam terram heat et quid valeat p annu, sive q blada heat in terra: et cum ita adquisierint de omibj, appreciar facient terram bladu, et catalla, sicut statim vendi possunt, & libent' [tot villatis pximis3] ad respondend de pkRfis coram Justiciar : Siinilit? de terra libera quantu valeat p annu, salvo servicio dno£ feodi; et [teneant terram4] in manu

, / luttariam MS. Cott. Vesp. B. VII. i-leftum Old Printed Copies.

* qui fuerint in presencia Old Printed Copies.

> tote villate MS. Cott.

* teneat' Sra MS. Cott.


ft

nit

hi

U

s

:6s

**

ffii

nas, &: I, in Ç!.

Ž>:

a

Sp>

U

f, t

If

oh,

to

!š

]È:

KB,

E

ci

h

s

ft

111

d

i

dui Regis, quousq, diii feodi j? ea fine feSint. Hiis inquisitis statim sepelientr corpa mortuop vel occisoj.

Simili? inquirend est de submersis vel subito mortuis: Et postea vidend est, dc taliby corporibj, uiru sic submersi fSint, vt occisi, vel jugulati, p signuin colli (') vel p signu aliop membrop, vel p aliqua lesuram in corpe inventam: Et sic procedendu est in forma p>dea: Si non filint occisi tunc debet Coronator attachiare inventores et ornes alios in societate. De thesauro invento, debet Coronator inquirere qui sunt inventores, et simili? qui inde rettati sunt; et hoc sic sciri potest, [si quis solito ad tabcrnam accesserit1] et diutius sic se fiuerit; pro tali suspeftione attachiaf debentur p quatuor vel p sex plegg, vel p plures, si invenire possint. Si aute aliquis fSit appellatus de raptu, appellatus attachiare' debet, si apellQ recens fait, et videant signu veritatis, p [ampnu sanguinolentu,'] vel hutesiu Ievatu, et tales attachiari debet per quatuor pleg, vel sex, si invenir possint; si aute apellu fuit sine hutesio, et sine signo manifesto, tuc sufficiunt plegii duo. De apello vero de plaga et hei, si plaga f&it mortalis statim capient' appellati, et tencant', donee sciatur si poterit convalesce lesus vel non, qd si moriatur teneant' rei, scii3 culpabiles; Si vero convaluerit attachiantur p quatuor plegios, vel sex, s?dm qd plaga fSit; [Et de maheinio attachient' p plures qua p quatuor;*] Et de simplici aute vul- nere sine mahemio duo plegii sufficiunt; Item de omib3 plagis vidend est que sit longitudo, latitudo, et profunditas, et quibj armis lesus fSit vulniatus et in quo loco corpis: Et si plures inde sint cul.pabiles, et si plura sint vulnera, et quis qualem pla- gam fecit: et sic debent oiiiia irrotulari in rotulo Coronatoris. Si vero aliqui appellati fuint, apellatus de fafto capiatur, et apellati de forcia attachiant' salvo, quousq, apellati de fa do convincant'. De equis, batellis, carettis, p que aliquis sit intfeftus, que pprie dicuntÕ Vavi, aprecient' et tradentÕ villatis.

De Wrecco maris ubiciiq, inveniat', si quis manus imponat attachietur p bonos pleg et salvos, et precium Wreccionis apreciet', et liberetur villatis. Si aute ali.quis rettatus fuit de morte alicui9, (!) capietur et in- prisonetur tit supra; Simili? de ornib} homicidiis et [burgatorib3'.] levctur Hutesiu, sicut alibi est consuetu in Angham ; Et oines seq'nt' hutesiu et vestigia, si fieri potest, et qui non feCint, et sup hoc convidi fuerint quod noluerint, attachient' qd sint coram Justiciariis.

1 fiinibus strifti, Old Printed Copies.

C^eo quod merit delicate et tabernam frequentat Old Printed

, ( pannos sanguinolentes MS. Colt.

\ effusionem sanguinis Old Printed Copies.

Pri*eddCepªhCmi0Õ tUnC "¡n mÔnUS q4 q'tU¡r PIeÇios 0ld

5 periclitantis Old Printed Copies.

4 (uUrg^'~ & ¡"lib3 P'clitaf occis MS. Colt.

C burgalar periclitant seu occisis Old Printed Copies.

KingÕs Hands, until the IÇords of the Fee have made Fine for it. And immediately upon these things being inquired, the Bodies of such Persons being dead or slain shall be buried.

In like manner it is to be inquired of them that be drowned, or suddenly dead: and after, [such Bodies are to be seen,1] whether they were so drowned, or slain, or strangled, by the sign of a cord lied straight about their necks, or [about any of their members, or upon *] any other hurt found upon their Bodies. whereupon they shall proceed in the Form aliove- said: and if they were not slain, then ought the Coroner to attach the Finders, and all other in the company. A Coroner also ought to inquire of 1 rea- sure that is found, who were the Finders, and likewise who is suspected thereof; and that may be well per.ceived where one liveth riotously, haunting laverns, and hath done so of long time; hereupon [he'] may be attached for this suspicion by four, or six, or more Pledges, [if he may be found.*] Further, if any be appealed of Rape, he must be attached, if the Appeal be fresh, and [they must see'] apparent sign of truth by Effusion of Blood, or an open Cry made; and such shall be attached by four or six Pledges, if they may be found : If the Appeal were without Cry, or without any manifest Sign or Token, two Pledges shall be sufficient. Upon Appeal of Wounds and such like, especially if the Wounds be mortal, the Parties ap.pealed shall be taken immediately and kept until it be known perfectly, whether he that is hurt shall recover, or not; and if he die, [the Defendant6] shall be kept; and if he recover health, they shall be attached by four or six Pledges, after as the Wound is great or small. If it be for a Maim, he shall find no less than four Pledges; if it be for a small Wound, (7) two Pledges shall suffice ; also all Wounds ought to be viewed, the Length, Breadth, and Deepness, and with what Wea.pons, and in what Part of the Body the Wound or Hurt is; and how many be culpable, and how many Wounds there be, and who gave the Wound, (") all which things must be inrolled in the Roll of the Coroners. Moreover if any be appealed, [of any Aft done, as Principal,g] they that be appealed of the Force, shall be attached also, [and] surely [kept in Ward,] until the Principals be attainted ('Ò) [or delivered.] Concerning Horses, Boats, Carts, [&c.] whereby any are slain, that properly arc called Deodands, they shall be valued and delivered unto the Towns, [as before is said.]

Concerning Wreck of the Sea, wheresoever it be found, if any lay Hands on it, he shall be attached by sufficient Pledges, and the Price of the Wreck shall be valued and delivered to the Towns. If any be suspefted of the Death of any Man being in danger of Life, he shall be taken and imprisoned, as before is said; In like manner Huy shall be levied for all [Murthers, Burglaries, and for Men slain, or in Peril to be slain,'1] as otherwise is used in England; and all shall follow the Huy and Steps, [as near as can be ;"] and he that

doth not, and is convift thereupon, shall be attached to be afore the justices [of the Gaol, &c.]

1 it h to be seen of such bodies,

1 by the marks on their limbs, or by 4 they

4 if they can fnd them. Õ if they see

6 the guilty Persons 1 ¥without a Main,,

6 and ¥what sort of IVound,

9 he that is appealed of the Faff shall be taken, and ,c of the Faff, 11 Homicides and Burg Jarir'

tx if they can so do;

Person* drowncÈl| Of jnddenly dead.

Treasure

found.

Appeal of

Rape.

Appeal of Wfundv or Maim.

Principal

and

Accessary.

Deodands.

Wreck of the Sea.

Suspcfled

Persons.

Hue and Cry.


VOL. i.

M

T

42

4¡ Edw. I. St at. de Bigamis, c. 1, 2.

A.D. 12^6.

Statutum De JlMsjanito.

The STATUTE of BIGAMY.

i.

Of Aid of the King where there is Warranty.

II.

Of Aid of the King where there is no Warranty.

IN the Presence of [certain Reverend Fathers, Bishops of England, and others of the KingÕs Council,'] the Constitutions under written were recited, ( ) and after heard and published before the King and his Council; [Forasmuch as all the KingÕs Council,3] as well Jus.tices as other, did agree that they should be put in Writing for a perpetual Memory, and that they should be stedfastly observed.

The First Article.

CONCERNING Pleas where the Tenant excepteth, that he cannot answer without the King j It is agreed by the Justices, and other learned Men of our Lord the KingÕs Council of the Realm, which heretofore have had the use and practice of Judgement, that where a Feoffment was made by the King [with a Deed thereupon, that if4] another person by a like Feoff.ment and like Deed (s) be bounden to Warranty, the Justices could not heretofore have proceeded any fur.ther, neither yet do proceed without the KingÕs Com.mandment had therefore ; (6) neither can it be thought that they may proceed.

[AND it seemeth also, that they could not proceed in certain Cases,7] as where the King hath confirmed or ratified [any ManÕs Deed to the Use of another,*] or hath granted and thing (9) as much as in him is, or [where a Deed is shewed, and Clause contained therein, whereby he ought to warrantize,"*] and in like Cases they shall not surcease by occasion of [aM] Confirma.tion, (Ó) Grant, or Surrender, or other like, but, after

1 All Translations agree in this Reading.

1 nod recorded, s All of whom, of the Council,

.> and the Charter thereupon made hath so much iu it that should

6 neither can it be thought that, in tuch cate, concerning Lands, Rights, and Possessions being in the KingÕs hand, they may proceed, since the King himself hath no Superior, who can be Judge of him, or bis Ad. In lile manner also it is agreed, by the same Persons, that concerning Tene. aunts or Wardships, or other things where it would be to the King's prejudice, that upon the answer of the Tenant that which is demanded could or might be lost, the Justices have not proceeded further ;

5 But in certain Cases

* the Deed of any Man upon another Man's Property ; t to a Man,

IO where a Deed is shewed forth whereby the King hath ren.dered any Tenement, and no Clause contained therein, whereby

he ought to warantizt, n |UCh 11 Ratification

Ex MS. Harl. 395,/a. 8o.*

IN psencia venlabilium Patrum ['Witti Roff epi,

Robi Bathoii & Wellens epi, Walti Decani Sap, magri [T. de Welenh*m Õ] Archidi Dors, dni [Fran- cissi filii Aucursi3] dni Legum, Magri Robi de Scar- deburgo Archid, magri [Robi de Sutton4] Magri [Ritfi1] de Stanes, Magri [T.6] de Hosjoitel de Henig- h'm, Walti de [Beythofi,7] Joftis de [Clere *] Archidi Coventf, Joftis de Cobeh'm, Magri Radi de Frenh'm [Nichi9] de Stapeltoii, Witti de Sah'm, Walti de Upton, Witti de [Woubourn 'Ò] Witti de Northborou,

Saloiii de Roff, Galfridi Neubaud, et Magri Thom de Sodington,"] recitate fuerut constitucbnes subsc'pte & recordate, & p9modum coram diio Jfr & ejus consilio audite & puplicate. [Quia '*] oifis de consilio Justic & alii [recordarut '3] qd in Sc'pturam [redigent '*] ad ppetuam memoriam, et qd firmit ob'svarentÕ. ^ Pri- mus Articulus incipit sic. f De ptitis ubi tenens Depcedcni excipit qd sine Jlr responder no possit, cocordatu est p Ò¥>' defen- Justic & alios sapientes de consilio dni If qui consue- ^ens.dlcit tudinem & usum Judop haftenus ftuerunt, qd ubi feo- responds famentum fem fSit p Regem [Rictn ,s] & carta sr hoc sfi RcSt- confefta [tatr,6] se [tint '7] qd si alia psona p consimile feofamentu & consimilem cartam teneretÕ ad Waran- tiam, Justic ulVius [p eodetn '*] no po?unt, nc hucusque pcesserut [etiam n1 Õ9] sup hoc a Rege pceptu ftuissent [*¡n' videri pot qd in hu9i cau de terris [juribus ac possessionibusÕ1] in manu Jit existentib} pcedef possunt, cu ipe Jt supiore non fteat qui ipm vt fem suum judi- care possit. *T Sitr & concordatuin est p eosdem qd de ten [vt custodiis aut aliis ubi cet p>iudm p"] sr respon- sione tends amittetÕ vt amitti possit illud qd petitÕ, Justi? ulPius non pcesserut,J] nr videri pot qd pceder possint.

1F In [cePis14] auf casibus utpote ubi Rex confir- maPit, vt ratificaPit, ftfin alicujus in rein alienam vt rem aliq4m [alti **] cocesscrit q'nturn in ipo est, vt uÔ carta pfertÕ qd p- ten aliquod reddiderit nc clausula aliqÒ in ea cotinetÕ p q"m Warancia debeat', & in consi- tibus casibus, no erit occone h9i confirmacbis, ratifica- cbnis, concessionis seu reddiebnis, aut aliop consltium

¥ The Latin Marginal Notes are from Lib. Horn.fo. 75.

1Ñ" aliquop epo^ Angtie he alios de consilio regni Anglic,

MS. Cott. Claud. D II; Rot. Bodl: wherewith many MSS. and the Old Printed Copies agree. Lib. Horn, after < Waifi Decani SapÕ reads1 8cc. recitate.Õ

* J. Welcinh'm MS. Harl. 1259 : MS. Lambeth. 350.

3 francii falicia MS. Harl. 1259.

4 Rogeri de Scyron MS. Harl. 1259 : MS. Lambeth.

> Rogen MS. Harl. 1259. 9 O. MS. Harl. 1239.

7 boylom MS. Hart. 1259.

* Clerc MS. Harl. 1259 : Chere MS. Lambeth.

9 Rich MS. Hard 1259.

10 / Winbume, Johis de Lovetot, MS. Hart. 1259.

b Wynburn, Joh de Jonecon, MS. Lambeth.

11 Qui Lib. Horn : MS. Cott.

,J concordarunt MS. Cott: Rot. Bodl: MS. Harl. 93d.

14 redigent' MS. Cott: Rot. Bodl: MS. Harl. 936.

11 MS. Cott; Lib. Horn; Rot. Bodl: MS. Lambeth, omit.

16 tin MS. Cott.Ñtant in MS. Harl. 1259.Ñt*ntii Lib. Horn.

17 habet MS. Cott. ** procedere MS. Colt; Lib. Horn.

19 nisi MS. Cott : Lib. Horn.

MS.Cot,; Lib. Horn ; Rot. Bodl; MS. Harl. 1259 ; MS.

Lamleth i all omit these Sentences j as do many other Manuscripts and the Printed Copies.

11 refib) possoibus MS. Harl. 936.

Ò ubi custodia, aut aliud ubi esset jjjudiciu Regis MS. Harl.

** ctis MS. Cott: aliis Lib. Horn, f alicui MS. Cott : MS. Harl. 936.

\ alif Lib. Horn : MS. Hart. 1259 : MS. Ijimbeth.

tab

lb

jet

A

ttr

9* B & jc oh

lfÈ P

IS

.b


A.D.W

43

De dotibj, JtcBitodib)'

Dep'prtitur

&C.

DeBygamis.

Ubi quis lent' Wa- nntizare.

4¡ Edw. I. Stat. de Bigamis t c. 3Ñ6.

supcedend, quin postq'm hoc fSit ostensum sine ditone pcedatur. f De dotibus muliep u' [aliq1'] custodias hereditatis maritop suo£ bent ex cocessione vt dono Jfc su custodes rem petitam teneant €u bedes dfo^ ten vocent' ad Warent, si excipiant qd sine responder n5 possint, no ideo supsedeat' quin in lo- quela p>di£la put justum fSit pcedatur. f De p'pres- turis seu occupaconibus quibjcumq,, feis sup sive in libtatibus sive [aliis,=3 cocordatum est qd tempe (J) diffinitu erat & consideratuni, qd ubi occupatores sup- stites fSint Rex de piano resumat [rem tatr1 ] occupatam de manibj occupanciu, qd etiam in [cur JfcJ3 deceto observed. F.t si aliquis de hu9i resumpcone conq'ratur put justum f2it audiatr. f De Bigamis quos dhs pp" in consilio Lugdufi omi pvileg cticali p'vavit p consti.tuent inde editam & un quidam p>lati illos qui effS fuint bigami ante pdcam constitucom qn de felon rettati fSint tanqÔm cticos exigut sibi libandos ; con- cordatum est & declaratum coram pk Sc cosilio suo qd constituco ilia intelligenda est qd sive effci fuint Bigami ante p*dcam constitucom, sive post deceto non libent' pdc is platis: Immo fiat de eis justicia sicut de laicis. In cartis aut ubi continent' dedi & cocessi sc. talia ten See. sine homag, vt sine clausula que contineat Warant tenend de donatore, & de bedibus suis, p 5tum svicium, concordatum est p eosdem (6) qd donator & bed sui teneant' ad [Warantumubi aut continet' dedi concessi &c. tenend de capit dtiis aut de aliis qÔ de feoffatore vt suis bedibus nullo svico sÔ retento sine homag vt sine (*) clausula [&c.9] hedes sui no tenent' ad Warant ; ipe tn feoffator in vita sua tm rone doni pprii tenet' Warantizar. f Predifte [due"1] consti- tucones edite fffnt (") in pliamento post festum Sci Mictiis anno R.IJ.E. ('*) quarto & extiic locum bebunt.

1 alique mulieres Lib. Horn.

1 al>bi, a lmtÑin aliis, MS. Lambeth : Printed Copies.

1 H. Printed Copies. 4 totatr rem Lambeth.

r jure regni MS. Harl. 936.

J< jur reg MS. Lambeth.

L regno Printed Copies.

Ô Justic Lib. Horn. 7 warantizand MS. Cott.

' difta MS. Cott: Lib. Horn.

, / ego Ç heredes mei, Sec. Lit. Horn.

Lwarantie MS. Harl. i2S9.

Ò Lil- **¡rn- omits- In MS. Harl. (567, and other Mann- scripts, esc two last Chapters are given as a separate Statute.

" apud Westmonasterium, 1 " filii Regis H. / Printei Copies.

Advertisement made thereof to the King, they shall proceed without Delay.

CONCERNING the [Endowment Õ] of Women, ^ Ò*\b where [the Guardians of their Husbands Inheritance Dower tor have WardshipÕ3 by the Gift or Grant of the King,

[or wheresuch Guardians be lenants of the Thing ÈWard, in demand, or [if '3 the Heirs of such Lands be vouched to Warranty, if they say that they cannot answer without the King; they shall not surcease upon the Matter therefore, but shall proceed therein according to Right.

CONCERNING Purprestures, or any Manner of IV.

. r . . . p 1 ¥ Purpre*tnr£*, Usurpations, made upon the Kmg, [within Franchises or y,urpa.

or elsewhere,H It [was 6 3 agreed, and determined in the tiunr upon J c . , ,, the Ring.

Time of King Henry, that where such Usurpers were

living, the King [should rcseise of new *3 [the Land *3 so usurped, out of the hands of the Usurpers; the which thing also shall be from henceforth observed in the Realm ; and if any do complain upon such Reseisers, he shall be heard like as Right requireth.

CONCERNING Men twice married, called Bigami, cijr|t, whom [the Bishop of Rome,Õ3 by a Constitution made twice married at the Council of Lyons, hath excluded from all Clerks of

Privilege, whereupon certain Prelates, [when such Per.sons have been attainted for Felons, have prayed for to have them delivered as Clerks, which were made Bi.gami before the same Constitution ; "Ô3 It is agreed and declared before the King and his Council, that the same Constitution shall be understood in this wise, that whether they were Bigami before the same Constitution, or after, they shall not from henceforth be delivered to the Prelates, but Justice shall be executed upon them, as upon other Lay People.

IN Deeds also where is contained [Dedi & concessi VI. tale tenementum"Õ] without Homage, or without a Clause j^FeoffVnent that containeth Warranty, and to be holden of the shill bind to Givers, and their Heirs, by a certain Service; It is Warr*ntT- agreed, (Ó) that the Givers, and their Heirs, shall be bounden to Warranty; and where is contained [Dedi & concessi, £sV."3 to be holden of the Chief Lords of the Fee, or of other [and not of Feoffors, or of their Heirs,reserving no Service, without Homage, or without the foresaid Clause, their Heirs shall not be bounden to Warranty; notwithstanding, the Feoffor (") during his own Life, (,4J by Force of his own Gift, shall be bound to warrant.

All these Constitutions aforesaid were made at Westminster, in the Parliament next after the Feast of Saint Michael, the Fourth Year of the Reign of King Edward,

Son of King Henry; and from that Time forth they shall take effedh

Õ Dower

'any have the Wardship of the Inheritance of their husband.

1 whether .> that

Õ in Franchises or in other matters

6 is agreed as it was Õ shall plainly resume

H the Thing

* our Lord the PopeÑFerrers 1534, rends Our Holy Father the PopeÑFerrers 1542, Our Holy Father the Bishop of RomeÑIlerthelet 1J43, and succeeding Translations, as the Text.

10 when such Persons, as were twice married before the same Constitution, have been called in question for Felony, have prayed for to have them delivered as Clerks,

11 / have given and granted such Tenements, &V.

11 by the same Justices ,j / have given and granted, Uc.

14 than of the Feoffor or his Heirs u himself 14 only


44

4¡ Edw. I. Slat. Rageman

A.D. 1276.

Appointment of Justices to hear and determine certain Offences.

Offences

against

Statutes.

Proceedings

against

Offenders.

Amends to the Plaintiffs.

Punishment by the King in Parliament.

The Parties shall not be troubled by Barretors.

3>tatutÕ De RusticÕ assignÕ; qÕD tiocatr Hageman.

A STATUTE concerning JUSTICES being assigned;

called Rageman.

TT is accorded by our Lord the King, and by his Council, -*¥ That Justices shall go throughout the Land to inquire, hear, and determine all the Complaints and Suits for Trespasses committed within these Twenty-five years past, before the Feast of Saint Michael, in the fourth year of King Edward ; as well by the KingÕs Bailiffs and Officers as by other Bailiffs, and by all other Persons whomsoever} except Appeals of Felonies, and except the Complaints and Suits pending else.where before the KingÕs Justices, or in the County Court by Writ or without Writ; so nevertheless that they do hear and determine the Causes depending before them: And this is to be understood as well of outrageous Takings, and all Manner of Trespasses, Quarrels, and Offences done unto the King and others, touched in the Inquests heretofore found by the KingÕs Command, as of Trespasses committed since; and especially of Trespasses since committed by any Bailiffs whomsoever, against the good Men by whose Oaths those Inquests were made. And the King willeth, that for Relief of the People and speedy Execution of Justice, That the Complaints of every one be heard before the aforesaid Justices, and determined, as well by Writ as without, ac.cording to the Articles delivered unto the same Justices, and this is to be understood as well within Franchise as without. Also the King willeth that the same Justices do hear and determine the Complaints of those who will complain of Mat.ters done by any one contrary to the KingÕs Statutes, as well of what concerneth the King as the People. And the King willeth of those also who are attainted of Trespasses, where Amerciament only appertaineth, that the Plea shall be finally determined, and the Amends forthwith made to the Plaintiff. And concerning those who may be attainted of Trespass, where Fine or Imprisonment lieth or appertaineth, the Amends shall forthwith be adjudged to the Plaintiff, and Execution thereof shall be had without Delay; and the Trespassers shall be put by good Mainprise to appear before the KingÕs Justices at the Parliament next eusuing, if they can find Mainpernors; and if not, they shall abide in Prison: and the Justices shall make Inquiry by their Office, of their Lands and Goods, and of the manner of the Trespass, and shall thereof certify the King at the same Parliament, so that he may then punish them according to their Desert. And because the KingÕs Court ought to be favourable in such manner of Causes, the King willeth, and doth enjoin his Jus.tices, that none, in complaining nor answering, shall be sur.prised or troubled by Trickers or Barrettors, whereby the Truth may not be found out, and Offenders remain un.punished, until the next Parliament. And Moreover let the Justices have regard to the Time of War, and to the Cove.nants made in such Time, so that by occasion thereof no Man shall be troubled for the aforesaid Covenants.

Ex MS. Harl. 395, ft. 73, b.

CORDE est p nre Seignur le Rey, & par soun Cap".p*. Counseil, qe Justices ailent pmi la terre, a en- quere e oier, e rminer les pleintes, e les quereles de trespas fees dedenz ses xxv aunz passes, avaunt la Seint Michel Lan du Regne Ie Rei Edward, (') quart; ausi bien des Bailifs e des Ministtes Ie Rey, com des autres Baillifs, e autres gens queus qe il seient; fors pris apeaus de felonies, e hors pris les pleintes,

& les quereles qe apendent ailurs devaunt les Justices le Rei, ou en Counte, p bref, ou sanz bref; issint neprq*nt qe les poles devaunt eus [a tVniner,Õ] que il les oient & rminent: E coe fet a entendre ausi bien des outÒiouses p'ses e de totes maneres de trespas, conteks, offenses, fetz au Rey e as autres, tochez en les questesÕ nad gueres fetes p comaundemt le Rey, com des trespas puis fetz. E nomement de trespas fetz puis p Bailifs, quel qe il seit, a les bones gens p qui serement les enquestes [srunt fetes.5] E veut Cap", ij. le Rei qe pr le allegaunce del poeple, e pur haster dreit, qe les pleintes de checun seient oyz devaunt les avauntdiz Justices, e tminez, ausi bien p bref com saunz bref, solum les articles bailez a metnes ceux Justices. E coe fet a entendre ausi bien de denz f*nchise coin dehors. ^ Ensement veut le Rey Cap", iij. qe memes ceus Justices enquergent, oient, & tWnet, les pleintes de ceus qe pleindre se vodrent, de coe qe horn est venuz encontre les Estatuz le Rei, ausi bien de coe qe touche le Rey come le Poeple.

E veut le Rey qe ausi bien qe ceux qe srunt Cap*.iv. atteinz de trespas, ou solement anJciemet append qe la parole seit finablefrit tmine, & les amedes has- tiverht fetes as Pleintifs. Endreit de ceus qe Cap", v.

€runt atteinz de trespas, la ou raunson ou enp'son-

ment gist ou apend, seient les amendes hastiment jogez al pleintif, e de coe le execucioun seit fet saunz delai; e les trespasours seient mys p bone meinp'se, a estre devaunt le Rey a pchein pletnent siwaunt, si il pussent meinpnurs trover: E si noun, demoergent en pÔson; E les Justices enquergent [de lour poer en terres, e en ewes, de ceus qe pleindre se vodrent,*]

& de la manle del trespas, e de coe ?tefient le Rei a memes le plehit, issint qe il les pusse adunke punir

solom lour deserte. E pÕcoe qe en teus maneres Cap", vj.

de quereles deit la court le Rey estre favorable; veut le Rei, e enjoint les Justices, qe nul, enquerelaunt, ne enresponant seit suppris ne achesone p [hoketours ou barettours,5] p quei la vW ne seit suy, e les trespas- sours remaignent despuniz deques au Parlemet (4):

E sur coe eient les Justices regard en tens de gerre, e as covenaunz fetz en meme le tens, issint qe p acheson [de touz ceus7] nul ne seit greve p les covenanta avauntdites.

1 fiz le Rey HeilTi, MS. Harl. 66-j.

1 attames Old Printed Copies. 5 furent sues MS. Harl.

{de lour poer de lour teres e de lour byens, MS.Harl. de lour poer en Prez 8c en biens, MS. Cott. Vesp. B. Eli.de lour office, 8c en vewes de ceux, que prendre se vodront, Old Printed Copies.

5 C hokez ne p mauveyses paroles, MS. Harl.

£ hokettez ne p baretz, MS. Cott. Vesp.

6 issint que le Rey les pusse punir cu avat est dit MS. Harl.

. f de cel temps MS. Cott. Vesp.

\ de nul fet fete en meisme le tens MS. Harl.


Anno 6¡ EDWARD I, I.

A. D. 1278.

£>tatuta dBloucestrÕ.

The STATUTES

Ex mapio Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 47.*

LE an de g*ce MÒCC¡Lxxviij. e del Regne le Rey Edward, fiz le Rey Henri sisme, a Gloucestre Le mois de Aust, purveaunt mesme le Rei, pur Le amende- ment de sun reaume, e pur [plus'] plenere exhibicion de dreit, si com le profit de office regal demaunde, appelez les plus descrez de sun regne, ausi bien des greindres, cum des meindres : establi est e concordaument ordeine, qe cum mesme le regne en plusurs divers cas, ausi bien de fraunchises, com de autre choses, en les queles avaunt lei failli, e a eschuire les tresgrefs damages, e les nient numbrables desheritesuns, Les quels icel manere defaute de lei fist, a la gent du reaume, eit mester de divers supplecions de lei, e de noveles purveaunces, les estatutz ordeinemenz e purveaunces suz escrites de tute la gent del regne, desoremes fermement seient gardez.

Cum Prelatz, Cuntes, Baruns, e autres del regne, cleiment aver divers fraunchises, a les quels examiner, e jugger, le Rey a mesmes ceus Prelasz, Cuntes, Baruns e autres, aveit done jour; Purveu est, e concordaument graunte, qe les avauntdiz Prelasz, Cuntes, Baruns, e autres, tels manere de fraunchises usent, issint qe rien ne lur acresse par usurpacion, ou occupaciun, ne ren sur le Rei occupent, desqe a la pcheine venue le Rei par le Counte, ou a la pcheine venue de Justices erraunz, a comuns plez, en mesme le Counte, ou desqe le Rei comaunde autre chose: Sauve le dreit le Rei, cum il envodra parler, solom ceo qe il est cuntenu en le bref le Rei. E de ceo soient maunde brefs, as Vis- cuntes, Baillifs, e autres, pur chescun demaundaunt; e seit la forme del bref chaungee, solom la diver- sete dez fraunchises, les quels chescun cleime aver, f E les Viscuntes par tutes lur baillies, ferunt com- munement crier, ceo est asaver, en Cites, tn Burgs, en viles marchaundes, e aillours, qe tuz ceus, qi aucunes fraunchises cleiment aver, par les chartres les predeces- surs le Rei, Reis de Engleterre, ou en autre manere, seient devaunt le Rei, ou devaunt Justices en eire, a certeins jour e leu, a mustrer quel manere de fraun.chises il cleiment aver, e par quel garaunt. E les Vis.cuntes meimes, dunqes serrunt iloeqes personeument, od lur Baillifs, e lur Menistres, a certefier le Rei, sur les avauntdites fraunchises, e autres choses, qe celes fraunchises touchent. E ceste criee, devaunt le Rei cunteigne gamisement de treis semeines. E En mesme la manere ferunt les Viscuntes crier en eire de Jus.tices, e en mesme la manere serrount il personeument,

1 Reg. A. omits.

OF GLOUCESTER.

XHE Year of Grace MCCLXXVIII, and the Sixth of the Reign of King Edward Son of King Henry, at Gloucester, in the month of August, the King himself providing for the Amendment of his Realm, and for a fuller Administration of Justice, as the good of the Kingly Office requireth, having called unto him the more discreet persons of his Kingdom, as well of the greater as of the less: It is Established and Ordained with one accord, That Whereas the same Kingdom, in many divers Cases, as well of Franchises as of other Things, wherein afore.time the Law hath failed, and to avoid the grievous Damages and innumerable Disherisons which this Default of the Law hath caused to the People of the Realm, hath need of divers Additions to the Law, and of new Provisions, therefore the Statutes, Ordinances, and Provisions under-written should be stedfastly observed by all the People of the Kingdom.

Whereas the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and others of the Kingdom, claim to have divets Franchises, for the Examination and Judgement whereof the King had appointed a day to the said Prelates, Earls, Barons, and others: It is Provided and granted with one accord, that the aforesaid Prelates Earls Barons, and others, may use such sort of Franchises, so that nothing accrue to them by Usurpation or Occupation, and that they occupy nothing against the King, until the next coming of the King through the County, or the next coming of the Justices in Eyre for Common Pleas into the same County, or until the King shall otherwise order: Saving the KingÕs Right when he shall put the same in Suit, according to what is contained in the KingÕs Writ. And hereof Writs shall be issued to the Sheriffs Bailiffs and others, in Behalf of every Demandant; and the Form of the Writ shall be changed according to the Diversity of the Franchises that each man claimeth.

And the Sheriffs shall cause it to be commonly pro.claimed throughout their Bailliwicks, that is to say, in Cities Boroughs Market Towns and elsewhere, that all those who claim to have any Franchises by the Charters of the KingÕs Predecessors, Kings of England, or in other manner, shall come before the King or before the Justices in Eyre, at a certain day and place, to shew what sort of Franchises they claim to have, and by what Warrant. And the She.riffs themselves shall then be there in their proper persons, with their Bailiffs and Officers, to certify the King upon the aforesaid Franchises and other matters touching the same. And this Proclamation before the King shall con.tain Warning of three Weeks. And in like manner shall the Sheriffs make Proclamation in the Circuit of the Justices ; and in like manner shall come in their proper persons, with

* The whole of this Statute, as here given from the Tower Roll in French, is entered, with some Variations, in a Register-Book of the Time, marked A. among the Records in the Treasury of the Court of the Receipt of the Exchequer, preserved in the Chapter House at Westminster; fo. 27 6 ; A Copy or Translation of the Statute in Latin is given in fo. 272 b. &c. of the same Register; as also in the Liter Custumarum in the Town ClerkÕs Office, London; and in other Manuscripts. The Tower Roll being injured and illegible in some places, the Words defeflive have been supplied from the French Entry in the Register Book A., and are distinguished by being included in Brackets without any Figure of Reference. In MS. Cot/. Claudius D. II. the Statute is given in French; with a Note at the End Ô ExÕ p rotulum,Õ and agrees very exaCtly with the Statute Roll in the Tower. In that Cotton Manuscript, and in very many other Manuscripts, the Introductory Part of the Statute relating to Franchises is given in Latin, with some Variations from the French Text, as a separate Statute, de Quo Warranto or de Ijbertate clamanda. The Ro.l of Statutes in the Bodleian Library, No. 1036, MS. Cott. Vespas. B.VII, and very many other MSS. give this Statute of Gloucester, in French, commencing only with a short Introduction something similar to the first Paragraph of the Statute on the Tower Roll, and then proceeding to Chapter I. respecting Damages in Novel Disseisin. The Old Printed Copies give this Statute with a like short Introduction in French : and also give a Copy of the Introductory Part in Latin, as a Statute of Quo Warranto, 30 Edw. I. In all English Editions of the Statutes previous to HawkinsÕs Edition, a Translation of the short Introduction is given at the Beginning of the Statute, and the Translation of the Latin Introduction is given as a Statute of 30 Edw. I. In HawkinsÕs and subsequent Editions the Original of the French Introduction on the Tower Roll is given without a Translation ; and a Translation of the Latin Introduction is given without the Original.

VOL. I.

N


Franchises claimed may be used till Trial had.

Proceedings on Claims to Franchises.

Scistr of Franchises on Non- Appearance.

Exception for Want of Original Writ.

Proceedings on Claim of Franchises by Seisin of Ancestors.

Form of Writ.

Proceedings on such W rit.

Complaint

against

Bailiffs.

their Bailiffs and Officers, to certify the Justices of such sort of Franchises, and other matters touching the same. And this Proclamation shall give warning of forty days, as the common summons containeth ; So that if the Party who claimeth the Franchise come before the King, he shall not be put in Default before the Justices in Eyre; forasmuch as the King of his special Grace hath granted that he will save the Party harmless in respeft of this adjournment. And if any such Party be impleaded upon such sort of Franchises before two of the aforesaid Justices, the same Justices before whom the Party is in Plea, shall save him harmless before other Justices; and the King likewise before himself, when he shall know from the Justices that the Party was in Plea before them, as it is before said. And if they that claim to have such Franchises come not at the day aforesaid, then the Franchises shall be taken into the KingÕs hand by the Sheriff of the place, in name of Distress ; so that they shall not use such sort of Franchises until they come to receive Justice. And when they come upon that Distress, their Franchises shall be replevied, if they demand them ; upon which Re.plevin th?y shall answer forthwith in the form aforesaid. And if peradventure the parties except, that they ought not to answer thereupon without an original Writ, then if it can be known that they have, by their own aft, usurped or occu.pied any Franchises upon the King or his predecessors, they shall be told forthwith to answer without Writ; and shall thereon receive such Judgment as the KingÕs Court shall award. And if they alledge further that their Ancestor or Ancestors died seised of the same Franchises, they shall be heard, and forthwith Inquiry shall be made of the Truth, and according thereto the Justices shall proceed in the business. And if it be found that their Ancestor died seised thereof, then the King shall have an original Writ out of his Chancery in the form made for that purpose. ÒThe King to the Sheriff, Greeting : Summon by good summoners such an one, that he be before Us, at such a place, upon our next coming into the County; or before our Justices at the first Assises, when they shall come into those parts ., to shew by what Warrant [he holds his View of Frank-pledge in his Manor of N. in the same County; and let the Sheriffs have there the Summoners and this Writ: or thus; by what Warrant he holds the hundred of B. in the County aforesaid : or thus ; by what Warrant] he claims to be quit of Toll, for him or his men, throughout our Realm, by continuance after the death of such an one late his predecessor. And have there the summoners and this Writ.Ó [And the Forms of the Writs shall be charged according to the diversity of the Franchises and of the Case, and according to the Discretion of the Chancery, and of the Justices.] And if the Parties come at the day, let them answer; whereupon Replication shall be made, and Judgement given. And if they come not, neither essoin themselves before the King, and the King tarry longer in that County, the Sheriff shall be com.manded to cause them to appear at the fourth day; at which day if they come not, and the King tarry longer in that County, the proceeding shall be as it is in the Circuit of the Justices. And if the King depart out of that County, the Parties shall be adjourned unto a short day, and shall have reasonable delays ac.cording to the discretion of the Justices, as in aftions personal. And the Justices in Eyre shall proceed herein, in their Cir.cuits, according to the Ordinance aforesaid and according as such sort of Pleas ought to be proceeded upon in the Eyre.

Concerning Complaints made and to be made of the King's Bailiffs, and of other Bailiffs, it shall be done according to the Ordinance before made thereof, and according to the In.quests before had thereupon. And the Justices in Eyre shall do therein, according to what the King hath enjoined them, and according to the Articles which the King hath given them in charge.

od lur Baillifs, e lur Menistres, a certefier les Justices de tel manere de fraunchises, e de autre choses, qe celes fraunchises touchent. E ceste criee conteigne garnise- ment de quaraunte iours, si com la commune somounse content; issi qe si la partie, qe cleime aver fraunchise, seit devaunt le Rei, ne seit pas mis en defaute devaunt les Justices en Eire; pur ceo qe le Rei de sa grace especiale, ad graunte qe il gardera la partie de damage, quant a cel ajomement. E si cele partie seit en plai, sur tels manere de fraunchises, devaunt une peire de Justices avauntdiz, mesmes les Justices, devaunt les quels la partie est en plai, garderount la partie de da.mage devaunt autres Justices; E le Rei devaunt lui mesmes, mes qe il sache par les Justices qe la partie fust en plai devaunt eus, si com il est avauntdit. E si cels, qi tels fraunchises cleiment aver, ne veignent al jour avauntdit, dunqes seient les fraunchises, en nun de destresce, pris en la main le Rei, par le viscunte del liu ; issi qe il tel manere de fraunchises ne usent, desqe il viegnent a receivre dreit. E quant il veinent par cele destresce, lur fraunchises lur seient replevies, si il les demaundent; les quels replevies respoignent mein- tenaunt en la forme avauntdite. E si par aventure les parties excepent, que il ne deivent nent de ceo res- pundre saunz bref original, dunqe si il puisse estre seu qe eus de lur propre fet eient usurpe, ou ocupe au- cunes franchises sur le Rei, ou sur ses predecessors, dit lur seit qe meintenaunt respoignent saunz bref; e pus receivent jugement si com la Curt le Rei agardera. E si il dient outre, qe lur auncestre, ou lur auncestres de meismes les fraunchises morurent seisis, seient oiz, e meintenaunt, seit la verite enquise, e solom ceo ail- lent les Justices avaunt en la bosoigne. E si il seit trove, qe lur auncestre en morust seisi, dunqes eit le Rei bref original de sa chauncelerie, en la forme fete de ceo. Le Rei maunde saluz au viscunte: Som- monez par bons somonours un tel, qe il seit devaunt nus a teu lieu en nostre pcheine venue en cel Cunte, ou devaunt nos Justices a pÕmeres assises, cu il en celes pties vendrount, a mustrer par quel garaunt(') il cleime aver quitaunce de tonnue, pur sei ou ses homes, par tut nostre reaume, [par continuacion apres la mort tel jadis sun (Puecessour. E eiez les somonurs e ceo bref.1] E si les parties viegnent al jor, respoig.nent ; e seit replie, e juge. E si il ne viegnent, ne se essoignent devaunt le Rei, e le Rei demoerge outre en cel Cunte, seit comaunde al Viscunte, qe il les face venir al quart jor, al quel jor, si il ne viegnent, e le Rei demoerge outre en cel Cunte, seit fet si com en Eire de Justices. E si le Rei departe del Cunte, seient les pties ajorneez a bref jor; e eient renables delais, jouste les descrecions des Justices, si cum en acciuns psoneles. E les Justices en Eire facent de ceo, en lur tires, solom le ordeinement avauntdit, e solom ceo, qe tel manere de pies deivent estre dedut en eire.

De pleintes fetes, e a fere des Baillifs le Rei, e de autri Baillifs, seit fet solom le ordeinement avaunt fet de ceo, e solum les enquestes de ceo avaunt prises. E de ceo frunt les Justices en eire, solum ceo qc le Rei lour ad enjoint, e solum les articles, qe le Rei lur ad livere.

1 il tient sa veue de fraunk plegg en sun maner de N. en mcme le Cute, & le visconte eit illoqes les somonurs & ceo bref. Ou issi, par quel garaunt il tient le hudred de B. en le Cunte avantdit. Ou issi, par quel garaunt, Reg. -A. The Latin Copy hat some Sentences, similar in their Import.

Õ ^ seient les formes de briefs chaungez sulum la divsete des fraunchises, 8c de cas, 8c solum la deicreciu de la Chauncelerie, 8c de Justiceric. Reg. A. But the Latin Copy has not similar Sentences.


p*

Ç*

.x

>k

h

S.

Pei

li

rail

H

H

**

*r

4

rak

Ç is *# n

is,4

ÔPi

win.

tan

š*i

oi

3d

alt it iÇ Sš cm

CÇ,

1b

Bf)

KB

ups

MS

m

m

ose t kt

*£

Stic

ids

ass

SB

È

Ç

d

it

i.a

10

jl

ft

Ç

È

ft

f Cum avaunt ces houres, damages ne fussent agar- dez, en assise de novele disseisine, fors taunt soule- ment vers les disseisisurs: Purveu est, qe si les dessei- sisours alienent les tenemenz, e ne eient dunt les da.mages pussent estre levez, qe ceus en qi mains icels [tenenetnenz '] devendrunt, seient charge des damages, issi qe chescun respoigne de sun tens. Purveu est ensement qe le deseisi recovre damage, en bref de entre sur novele desseisine, vers celui qi est trove te- naunt apres le deseisur. f Purveu est ensement qe la ou en avaunt ces houres, damages ne furent agar- dez en pie de mort de auncestre, fors en cas la ou tenement fu recovere vers chief seignour, qe desoremes damages seient agardez en touz cas, ou em recovere par assise de Mort de auncestre, si com est avauntdit en assise de novele disseisine. En mesme la manere recovre lem damages, par bref de cosinage, del ael, e del besael. [* et lou avant cez heurez dam ne furent taxez, fors a la value [del issue3] de la ?re, [q le demandant p>nt & poet p>ndre desormes recoPeJ] vs le tenant les coustagez de son br purchace, enseinbleftit ove les dam avauntditz ; et tout ceo soit tenu en tout cas ou home recoPe da- magez.s] E seit desoremes en mesme la manere chescun tenu a rendre damages, la ou em recovre vers lui, de sa entrusiun, ou de sun fet demeisne.

% E si enfaunt dedenz age, seit tenu hors de sun heritage apres la mort sun Cusin, Ael ou Besael, par quei il coveigne qe il purchace bref, e sun ad- Psaire veigne en Curt, e enresponaunt allegge feffe- ment, ou autre chose die, par quei Justices agardent enqueste la ou enqueste tu delae desqe al age, si passe ore lenqueste, ausi cum il fu de age.

Establi est ensement qe si home aliene tenement qil tient par la lei de Engleterre, sun fiz ne seit pas barre, par le fet sun pere, par qi nul heritage ne lui est descendu, a demaunder, e recovrer par bref de mort de auncestre la seisine sa mere, tut face la char- tre sun pere menciun qe lui e ses heirs seient tenuz a la garauntie. E si heritage lui seit descendu par sun pere dunqe seit il forclos de la value del heritage qe lui est descendu. E si en tens apres heritage lui descent par mesme la pere, dunqe avera le tenaunt vers lui recoverer de la seisine [seisine6] sa mere, par bref dejugement, qe istra des roules des Justices devaunt les quels le plai fu pleide, [e Õ] resomoundre sun ga- raunt, si cum ad este fet en autre cas, ou le garaunt vint en curt, e dist qe rien ne lui est descendu [de8] lui par qui fet il est vouche. En mesme la manere le issue del fiz par bref del ael, cosin, e del besael.

Ensement en mesme la manere ne seit le heir la femme, apres la mort le pere e la mere, barre de accion par la chartre sun pere, si il demaunde le heritage ou le ma.nage [la9] mere, par bref de entre, qe sun pere en tens sa mere aliena, dunt nule fin est levee en la Curt le Rey.

1 tenemenz

1Ñ1 This Sentence is not in the Tower-Roll, nor in MS. Coll. Claud. D. II; nor in Register A. either in French or Latin, nor in the Roll of Statutes in the Bodleian. Several other Manuscripts also omit it. But several Manuscripts, as well of a Date nearly cotemporary with the Statute, as of a later Date, insert it; particu.larly Lib. Nig. JEd. Christi, Dubl: Lib. Horn, Lond: MSS. Harl. 1 493 A; 867 ; 1690. MS. Colt. Vtsf. B. VII; from which latter it is here printed. It has been given, with the Variations noted, in all Printed Copies of the Statutes ; and is translated in MS.Tr. I.

3 des issues Printed Copies.

4 purveu est que le tlemaund puisse recover Printed Copies.

6 erroneously repeated.

7 1 R'g-A: Printed Copies, [ad resumonendu Reg. A. Latin

" dupar Reg. A.

9 Èa Reg. A.

WHEREAS heretofore Damages were not awarded in Assises of Novel Disseisin, but only against the Disseisors: It is Provided, That if the Disseisors do aliene the Lands, and have not whereof there may be Damages levied, that they to whose hand such Tene.ments shall come, shall be charged with the Damages, so that eveiy one shall answer for his time. It is Pro.vided also, that the Disseisee shall recover Damages in a Writ of Entry upon Novel Disseisin, against him that is found Tenant after the Disseisor. It is Provided also, that where before this time Damages were not awarded in a Plea of Mortdauncestor, but in case where the Land was recovered against the Chief Lord, that from henceforth Damages shall be awarded in all Cases where a man recovereth by Assise of Mortdauncestor, as be.fore is said in Assise of Novel Disseisin : And likewise Damages shall be recovered in Writs of Cosinage, Aiel, and Besaiel.

And Whereas before Time Damages were not taxed, but to the Value of the Issues of the Land; It is Pro.vided, that the Demandant may recover against the Tenant the Costs of his Writ purchased, together with the Damages abovesaid. And this Ad shall hold place in all cases where the Party is to recover Damages.

And every Person from henceforth (Õ) shall be com.pelled to render Damages, [where the Land is reco.vered !] against him upon his own Intrusion, or his own Ad.

IF a Child within Age be holden from his Heritage after the death of his [Father,] Cosin, Grandfather, or Great Grandfather, whereby he is driven to his Writ, and his Adversary cometh into the Court, and for his Answer alledgeth a Feoffment, or pleadeth some other thing, whereby the Justices award an Enquest, there, whereas the Enquest was deferred unto the full Age [of the Infant,] now the Enquest shall pass as well as if he were of full Age.

IT is Established also, That if a Man aliene a Tene.ment, that he holdeth by the Law of England, his Son shall not be barred by the Deed of his Father, from whom no Heritage to him descended, to demand and recover by W rit of Mortdauncestor, of the Seisin of his Mother, although the Deed of his Father doth mention, that he and his Heits be bound to Warranty. And if any Heritage descend to him of his FatherÕs side, then he shall be barred for the Value of the Heritage that is to him descended. And if in Time after any Heritage descend to him by the same Father, then shall the Tenant recover against him of the Seisin of his Mother by a judicial Writ that shall issue out of the Rolls of the Justices before whom the Plea was pleaded, to resummon his Warranty, as before hath been done in Cases where the Warrantor cometh into the Court, saying, That nothing descended from him by whose Deed he is vouched. And in like manner the Issue of the Son shall recover by Writ of Cosinage, Aiel, and Besaiel. Likewise in like manner the Heir of the Wife shall not be barred of his Aftion, after the Death of his Father and Mother, by the Deed of his Father, if he demand [by a&ion] the Inheritance (Õ) of his Mother by a Writ of Entry, which his Father did aliene in the time of his Mother, whereof no Fine is levied in the KingÕs Court.

' in Rbe manner

* inhere a Recovery is had

> or the Marriage MS. Tr. t.


1.

Damage* in Novel Disseisin.

In Mort- dauncestor,

Cosinage, Stc.

Where Damage* .hall be recovered, there Cost* also.

Damages

generally.

II.

No Delay for Nonage of the Demandant.

III.

Alienation by Tenant in Curtesy, void.

IV.

Remedy by Cessavit against a Tenant in Fee-farm. .

V.

Adtion of

Waste

extended.

VI.

One Writ of Mortdaun- ccstor for divers Heirs.

VII. Writ of Entry in Casu proviso upon

Alienation of Dower.

VIII.

In what Court Pleas of Trespass shall be.

Defendants may plead by Attornies.

Essoins by Plaintiffs j

Defendants.

ALSO if a Man let his Land to [Ferni,1] or to find Estovers, in Meat or in Cloth, amounting to the Fourth Part of the very Value of the Land, and he which hold- eth the Land so charged letteth it lie fresh, so that the Party can find no Distress there, by the Space of two or three years, [to compel the Farmer to render, or to do as *] is contained in the Writing [or3] Lease; It is es.tablished, That the two Years being passed, the Lessor shall have an Aftion to demand the Land in Demean by a Writ which he shall have out of the Chancery. And if he against whom the Land is demanded come before Judgement, and pay the Arrearages and the Damages, and find Surety, such as the Court shall think sufficient, to pay from thenceforth as is contained in the Writing of his Lease, he shall keep the Land. And if he tarry until it be recovered by Judgement, he shall be barred for ever.

IT is Provided also, That a Man from henceforth shall have a Writ of Waste (4) in the Chancery against him that holdeth by Law of England, or otherwise for Term of Life, or for Term of Years, or a Woman in Dower; and he which shall be attainted of Waste, shall leese the Thing that he hath wasted, and moreover shall recompense thrice so much as the Waste shall be taxed at. And for Waste made in the Time of Ward.ship, it shall be done as is contained in the Great Charter. And where it is contained in the Great Charter, that he which did Waste during the Custody, shall leese the Wardship, It is agreed that he shall recompense the Heir his Damages for the Waste, if so be that the Wardship lost do not amount to the Value of the Damages before the Age of the Heir of the same Wardship.

IT is Provided also, That if a Man die, having many Heirs, of whom one is Son or Daughter, Brother or Sister, Nephew or Niece, and the other be of a further Degree, all the Heirs shall recover from henceforth by a Writ of Mortdauncestor (s).

ALSO if a Woman sell or give in Fee, or for Term of Life, the Land that she holdeth in Dower ; It is ordained, That the Heir, or other to whom the Land ought to revert after the Death of such Woman, shall have present Recovery to demand the Land by a Writ of Entry made thereof in the Chancery.

IT is Provided also, That Sheriffs shall plead Pleas of Trespass in their Counties, as they have been accus.tomed to be pleaded. And that none from henceforth shall have Writs of Trespass before Justices, unless he swear by his faith, that the Goods taken away were worth Forty Shillings at the least. And if he complain of Beating, he shall answer by his Faith, that his Plaint is true. Touching Wounds and Maims, a Man shall have his Writ as before hath been used. And it is agreed, that the Defendants in such Pleas may make their Attornies, where Appeal lieth not; so that if they be attainted (6) being absent, then the Sheriff shall be commanded to take them, and (7) shall have like Pain as they should have had, if they had been present at the Judgement given. And if the Plaintiffs from henceforth in such Trespasses cause themselves to be essoined after the first Appearance, Day shall be given them unto the coming of the Justices [in Eyre,] and the Defendants in the mean time shall be in Peace. [In such Pleas and other, whereas Attachments and Distresses do lie,'] (Õ) if the Defendant essoin himself of the KingÕs Service, and do not bring his Warrant at the Day given him by the Essoin, he shall recompense the Plaintiff Damages for his Journey Twenty Shillings, or more, after the Discretion of the Justices, and shall be grievously amerced unto the King.

Ô Frt-farm

* without mating render of the Rent, and without doing that which

1 of 4 made thereupon

J out of Chancery

4 of the Trespass MS. Tr. 1. 7 they

* In MS.Tr. U and the oldest Printed Translations these Words

conclude the preceding Sentence. o And

Ensement si home lest sa terre a [fe ferine,'] ou a trover estovers en vivre, (*) en vesture, qe munte a la quarte partie de la verri value de la terre, e celui qi dent la terre issint charge, la lesse gisir fris- che, issi qe lem ne pusse trover destresce, par deuj annz ou treis, saunz ent fere la ferme rendre, ou saunz fere ceo qe est contenu en lescrit del les; es- tabli est qe apres les deus annz passez eit le lessour accioun a demaunder la terre en demeine, par bref qe il avÕa en la Chauncelrie. E si celui vers qi la terre est demaunde, veigne avaunt jugement, e rende les arrerages, e les damages, e trove seurte tele com la Cort verra, qe seit suffisaunte, a rendre, en apres ceo qe est contenu en le escrit, si retiegne la terre. E si il demoert desqe taunt qe ele seit recovre par jugement, si seit encorue aremanaunt.

Ensement purveu est qe len eit desoremes bref de Wast en la Chauncelrie, [fet de ceo sur] home qi tient par la lei de Engleterre, ou en autre manere a terme de vie, ou a terme de annz, ou femme en doweire, e celui qi serra ateint de Wast perde la chose [qil ad] wastee e estre ceo face gre del trebble de ceo qe le Wast serra taxe. E Endreit de Wast fet en garde seit [fet] solom ceo qe il est contenu en la g*unt chartre. E par [la ou il est contenu] en la gÕunt chartre, qe celui qi avera fet wast en garde, pde la garde, acorde est qe il rende al heir les damages del wast, si issi ne seit qe la garde pdue ne soffise my a la value des damages avaunt le age del heir de mesme la garde.

Purveu est ensement qe si home moert e eit plu- surs heirs, dunt le un est fiz ou fillie frere ou soer [Nevou ou Nece,] e les autres soient en plus loin- teing degre, les heirs eient desoremes recoverer par bref de la Chauncelerie de moil de auncestre.

Ensement si femme vent ou donne en fee ou a terme de vie tenement qe ele tient en dowaire, establi est qs le heir, ou autre a qi la terre devereit rentier apres le deces la femme, eit meintenaunt recoverir a demaunder [la tere] par bref de entre fet de ceo en la chauncelerie.

Purveu est ensement, qe Viscuntes pleident en Cuntez les plesz de trespas ausi com il soloient estre pleidez. E qe nul eit desoremes bref de trespas devaunt Justices [se il na fie3] par fei, qe les biens enportez vaillent qaraunte souz al meins. E si il se pleint de Baterie afie par fei qe sa pleinte est veritable. ^ De plaies e de mahems eit em bref si com em soleit aver. F. graunte est qe les defendaunts pussent fere attomez en tels plaiz, ou apel ne est, issi qe [sil seient atteinz] del trespas en lur absence, seit de.maunde al Viscunte qe il seient pris, e eyent dunqe la peyne qil avereient si il eussent este present, quaunt le jugement fu rendu. E si les pleintifs desoremes en tel trespas se facent essoneer apres la primere ap- paraunce, seit jor done desqe a venue de Justices, e les defendaunz endementers seient en pes en tels plesz, e en autre plesz la ou attachemenz e destresces gisent. E si le defendaunt se face essoneer de svise le Rey, e ne porte sun garaunt al jor qi li est done par sun [essoneur,4] (') qe il rende al pleintif les damages de la jornee de vint souz, ou de plus solom la descre- ciun des Justices, e ja le meins en la greve nici le Rey.

, f fe it interlined on the Roll in a later Hand-writing.

\ ferme Reg. A : fee ferme MS. Cott. Claud. D. II.

* ou Reg. A.

i si il ne afie Reg. A. ¥ essoin Printed Copies.

, ( acorde est Reg. A.

I establi est Printed Copies.

Gog gJe

THE King commandeth, That no Writ shall be granted out of the Chancery for the Death of a Man to enquire whether a Man did kill another by Misfortune, or in his own Defence, or in other Manner [without Felony ;'] [but he shall be put in Prison until the coming of the Justices in Eyre, or Justices assigned to the Gaol-delivery, and shall put himself upon the Country before them for Good and Evil; ^ In case it be found Õ] by the Country, that he did it in his De.fence, or by Misfortune, then by [the Report of the Justices to the King,1] the King shall take him to his Grace, if it please him.

It is Provided also, that no Appeal shall be abated so, [soon4] as they have been heretofore ; but if the Appellor declare the Deed, the Year, the Day, the Hour, the Time of the King, and the Town where the Deed was done, and with what Weapon he was slain, the Appeal shall stand in effeft; and (Ô) shall not be abated, for Default of Fresh Suit, if the Party shall sue within the Year and the Day after the Deed done.

WHEREAS it is contained in the Statute of the King that now is, that Two Parceners, or 1 wo that hold in common, may not fourch by Essoin, after that they have once appeared in the Court : It is Provided, I hat the same be observed and kept, where a Man and his Wife be impleaded in the KingÕs Court.

IT is Provided also, That if any Man lease his Tene.ment in the City of London, for Term of Years, and he to whom the Freehold belongeth, causeth himself to be impleaded by Collusion, and maketh Default after Default, or r.ometh into the Court, and giveth it up, for to make the Termor lose his Term, and [the De.mandant hath his Suit,6] so that the Termor may recover by Writ of Covenant: The Mayor and Bailiffs may inquire by a good Inquest, in the presence of the Termor and the Demandant, whether the Demandant moved his Plea upon good Right that he had, or by Collusion, or by Fraud, to make the Termor lose his Term : And if it be found by the Inquest, that the Demandant moved his Plea upon good Right that he had, the Judgement shall be given forthwith : And if it be found by Inquest that he impleaded him by Fraud, to put the Termor from his Term, [then shall the Termor enjoy his Term, and] the Execution of Judgement for the Demandant shall be suspended until the Term be expired. And in like Manner it shall be of Equity before the Justices in such Case, if the Termor do challenge it before the Judgement.

IT is Provided also, That if a Man impleaded for a Tenement in the same City, doth vouch a Foreigner to Warranty, that he shall come into the Chancery, and have a Writ to summon his Warrantor at a certain Day before the Justices of the Bench, and another Writ to the Mayor and Bailiffs of London, that they shall sur.cease in the Matter that is before them by Writ, until the Plea of the Warranty be determined before the Justices of the Bench : And when the Plea at the Bench shall be determined, then shall [he that is vouched7] be commanded to go into the City, to answer unto the chief Plea. And a Writ shall be awarded, at the Suit of the Demandant, by the Justices (*) unto the Mayor and Bailiffs, that they shall proceed in the Plea. And if the Demandant recover [against the Tenant,] the Tenant shall come before the Justices of the Bench, [which shall di-eft Õ] a Writ to the Mayor and Bailiffs, that if the Tenant have lost his Land, they shall cause the Land to be extended, and valued, and shall return the Extent at a certain Day into the Bench ; and after it shall be commanded to the Sheriff of the Shire, where the [Warrantee10] was summoned, that he shall cause him to have as much of the Land of the Warrantor in Value.

IX.

No Writ out of Chancenr in certain Cases of Homicide.

Of Appeal* in Cases of Homicide.

X.

One Essoin for Man and Wife.

XI.

Feigned Recovery in London against a

Termor.

XII.

Vouching a Foreigner in London.

LE Rey comaunde qe nul bref de la Chauncelerie seit graunte de mort de home, de enquere si home occie autre par mesaventure, ou sei defendaunt, ou en autre manere par felonie, [mes si tel seit en prison, e'] de.vaunt Justices erraunz, ou Justices assignez a Ghaole de.liverer, se met en pays de bien e de mal, e len trusse par pais, qil eit fet sei defendaunt, ou par mesaventure, dunqe par record des Justices, face le Rei sa grace si lui plest.

[* Purveu est ensement q nul appel soit abatu si lege- ment come avant ad estee, mes si le appellour counte le fait, & lan, & le jour, (*) & le temps le Roy, & la ville ou le fait fust (4), si estoise le appel: Et mes ne soit apel abatu, p defaute de fresche suite, [p queis] q home sue dedeinz lan & le jor ap)s le fait.6]

^ Cum il seit contenu en ie estatut le Rei, qi ore est, qe deus parceners, ou deus qi tenent en commun, ne pussent fourcher par essoigne, del houre qe il ave- runt une feiz aparu en curt; Purveu est, qe mesme ceo seit garde e tenu, ou home e sa femme sunt em- pleidez en la court le Rei. Purveu est ensement en la Cite de Lundres qe si home baut sun tenement a terme de annz, e celui a qi le fraunc tenement est, se face empleder par collusiun e face defaute apres defaute, ou veigne en Curt e voille [rendre7] pur fere le [fermer'] perdre sun terme, e le tenaunt eit querele issi qe le termer pussc aver recoverer par bref de cove- naunt, le Meire e les Baillifs pussent enquere par bone visne, en la p'sence del termer, e del demaundaunt, le quel le demaundaunt pleida par dreit, qe il aveit, ou par collusiun, ou par fraude, pur fere le termer perdre sun terme: E si trove seit par enqueste, qe le demaundaunt meust sun plai par bon dreit qe il aveit, si seit le jugement fumi meintenaunt: E si trove seit qe il pleidast par fraude pur tolir le terme al termer, le execucion del jugement pur le demaun.daunt seit suspendu desqe apres le terme passe. En mesme la manere seit fet de equite, en tel cas devaunt Justices, si le termer le chalange avaunt le jugement.

Purveu est ensement qe si home empleide de tenement en mesme la cite, vouche forein a garaunt, qe il veigne a la Chauncelerie, e eit bref a somoundre sun garaunt a ctein jour devaunt les Justices del Baunk, e un autre bref au Meire e as Baillifs de Lundres, qe il sursesent a la parole qe est devaunt eus par bref, desqe a taunt, qe la parole de la garauntie seit trninee, devaunt les Justices du Baunk ; e quaunt la parole au Baunk serra tViinee, [e serra dit''] al garaunt qe il voist en la cite, e respoigne del chief plai; e le demaundaunt par sa suite eit bref des Justices du Baunk, au Meire e as Baillifs, qe il voisent avaunt en le plai. E si le de.maundaunt recovre, veigne Ie tenaunt as Justices du Baunk, e eit bref al Meire, e as Baillifs, qe si le te.naunt eit sa terre pdue, qe il facent estendre la terre e returnent lestente au Baunk a 2tein jor ; e apres seit maunde al Viscunte del pais, ou le garaunt fu somouns qil lui face aver de la terre del garaunt a la vaillaunce.

1 si il ne seit en la prisone, & si il seit en la prison, &c Reg. A. On the Tower Roll there is a Blank, of three or four Words' Space, between felonie and mes.

'.Ñb This Paragraph is printed from MS.Cott.Veip. B.TlI.fo. 34 i. It is not on the Tower Roll, nor in Register A. either in French or Latin ; nor in MS. Colt. Claud. D. II; nor on the Bodleian Roll. It is omitted from MS. Hart. 493, which contains the disputed passage in Chapter I. ante page 47.ÑIn other respefts the Note on that passage applies to this.

1 le heur, Printed Copies.

4 fait, & de quel arme il fuit occise, Printed Copies.

1 puis Printed Copies.

7 rien dire Rot. Bodl.Ñrendre Ie tenement Reg. A.Ñreddere ten Isat. È Termer Reg. A. [?minariu Lat.~\

¥ dit serra Reg. A.

1 thoru felonie MS. Tr.i.Ñfeloniously

* if he be not in Prison ; lut if he be in Prison, and, before the Justices in Eyre, or Justices assigned to the Gaol-delivery, do put himself upon the Country for Good and Evil, and it be found

5 the Record of the Justices

* lightly > an Appeal

6 the Termor hath quarrel, 7 the Party warranted

* of the Bench MS. Tr. 1.

* and have MS. Tr. 1. Warranty

Vol. I.

O


XIII. Waste restrained pending Suit.

XIV.

Damages

upon

Disseisins in London.

XV.

Of Breach of Assise in London.

Commence.ment of the Statute of Gloucester.

Ch. I. Ch. 14.

Ch. 2. Ch.3.

Ch.4.

Ch. 5,13-

Ch. 7.

IT is Provided also, That after such Time as a Plea shall be moved in the City of London by Writ, the Tenant shall have no Power to make any Waste or Estrepement of the Land in demand, hanging the Plea, [and if he do, the Mayor and Bailiffs shall cause it'] to be kept at the Suit of the Demandant. And the same Ordinance and Statute shall be observed in other Cities, Boroughs, and every where throughout the Realm.

THE King of his special Grace granteth unto the Citizens of London, that whereas beforetimes they that were disseised of Freehold in the same City could not recover their Damages, before the coming of the Justices to the Tower, that from henceforth the Disseisees shall have Damages by Recognizance of the same Assise whereby they recovered their Lands ; and the Disseisors shall be amerced before Two Barons of the Exchequer, which shall resort once a Year into the City to do it. And it shall be commanded unto the Barons and to the Treasurer of the Exchequer, that they shall cause [it1] every Year to be [levied3] by Two of them at their rising after Candlemas. And the Amerciaments by Summons of the Exchequer shall be levied to the KingÕs Use, and be delivered at the Exchequer.

IT is Provided also, That the Mayor and Bailiffs be.fore the coming of those Barons, shall enquire of Wines sold against the Assize, and shall present it before them at their coming, and then (4) shall be amerced, where they were wont to tarry unto the coming of the Justicers [in Eyre.]

Given at Gloucester, [the iiij. day of October, the vj. year of the Reign of King Edward the Son of King Henry.5]

1 ibis

Ô and the Mayor and Baitiffs shall cause this 3 done 4 lie Parties

1 the Sunday next after the Feast of Saint Peter, at the Gule cf August, the year aforesaid.

Exposition of the Statute of Gloucester.

AFTER, by the King and his Justices, certain Expo.sitions were made upon some of the Articles above mentioned ; that is to wit; To the first Article, [for Entries by Disseisin,1] Damages shall run from the Time of the Statute published. In the same wise in Writs of Entry upon Disseisin ; and (Õ) in all Writs of Mort- dauncestor, C.osinage, Aiel, or Besael, [of Intrusion by3] oneÕs own Aft by any manner of Writ, Damages shall run after the Writ purchased against them that held [by Statute,4] albeit their Ancestors (s) died [seised thereof.] Touching an Inquest to be made of such as be within Age, the Statute shall run without Limitation of Time. Touching Alienation of Lands holden by the Law of England, the Statute shall run for such Lands being aliened after the Time of the Statute published. In like manner the Statute shall extend and run upon the Lands of a Wife aliened by her Husband, whereas no Fine was levied thereof in Court. Touching Lands being let in Fee-ferm, to pay therefore yearly the Fourth Part of the very Value thereof, the Statute shall run as well unto Lands that were leased before the making of the Statute, as after ; in case that the Tenant have with- holden above the Space of Two Years after the Statute published, so much as he should have paid to his Lessor yearly according to the Form of the Covenant. And as to the Punishment of Waste in all Cases, except it be of Dowers and Wards, it shall be understood of Wastes done sithence the Statute [published.] And of the Forfeiture of Treble in Cases of Wastes of Dowers and Wardships, it shall be understood of Waste committed after the Statute [published.] And as con.cerning them which do aliene their Dowers, it is to be understood after [the publishing of] the Statute.

Given at Gloucester the Sunday next after the Feast of Saint Peter ad Vincula, the Sixth year of the Reign of King Edward the FÕirst.

1 in case where any have entered by the Disseisor * of Damages MS. Tr. 1.

3 and touching Intrusion, or of

4 since the Statute, 3 before MS. Tr. j.


Purveu est ensement, qe del houre qe plai serra meu en la Cite de Lundres par bref, le tenaunt ne eit pas poer de fere Wast ne estreppement du tene.ment, qi est en demaunde, pendaunt le plai. E ceo face le Meire e les Baillifs garder a la suite del de- maundaunt. E mesme le ordenement e statut seit garde en autres citesz, e burgs, e aillors par tut le reaume.

Le Rei graunte de se gÕce a Citeins de Lundres, qe la ou avaunt ces houres, ceus qi furent deseisi de fraunc tenement en mesme la Cite, ne poeient recoverir lur damages, avaunt venue des Justices a la Tour, qe teus deseisis desoremes eient lur damages par la reconisaunce de la assise par la quele il reco- vererent lur tenement; e les deseisours seient aiSciez devaunt [deus'] Barons del Escheqer, qi unefoiz par an vendrount en la Cite a ceo fere. E ceo seit maunde al Tresorer e as Baruns, qe il facent chescun an, par deus de eus, apres lur lever de la Chaunde- lure, e les aniciemenz par somounse del Escheqer seient levez, e al eus le Rei a le Escheqer livere.

Purveu est ensement, qe le Meire e les Baillifs, avaunt la venue de ceus Baruns, enquerrunt des [vins *] venduz encountre la assise, e le presenterunt devaunt eus a lur venue, e dunqe seient aiSciez; la ou il soleient atendre la venue des Justices.

Done a Gloucestr [le demeine pcheine apres la feste sein Pere a la Goule de Aust le an avauntdit.3]

1 les Reg. A. 3 biens Rot. Bod/.

3 le quart jour de Oftober lan du reigne le roy Edwarde fitz le Roy Henry, vj. Old Printed Copies.

Ex Registro A. in Dom. Capit. ap. JVestm.fo. 278, b.

POSTMODUM p dnm Regem, & Justiciar suos, fafte sunt quedam explanacbes quondam articlojs supi9 poitop, videlicet: Ad p'mu articlm ubi illi qui Tint ingressum p disseisitores, cÕrant dampna a tempe statuti pupplicati. Eodem modo de bribus de ingressu sup disseisins. De dampnis in ofnibus bribus mortis antecessoris, Consanguinei, Avi, & Pavi, de IntÒsoe, vt fco pp'o p quodcuq^ bre, cÕrat dampna post impetra- cbem brium contra illos qui tenSunt post statutu, licet Antecessores p'us obierim. De inquisicbe faciend que tang* illos qui sunt infra etatem cÕrat statutu sine tempis limitacbe. De tVis alienatis (') p legem Angt, currat statutu [de huj5modi terris alienatis post statutu illud pupplicatu.1] Eodm modo currat statutu de Pra Ux alienata p viru, ubi finis non est levatus. De tVis dimissis ad feodi firmam, reddendo inde p annu va.lorem q'rte ptis [&c.3] currat statutu tarn de tVis di.missis ante statutu q1 de tVis dimissis post statutum; Dum tamen tenens detinSit ultra duos annos, post sta.tutu editu, id quod solvi debuit dimissori p annu jux* sc'ptum Covencois illius. De pena vasti, de oinibus prefq'm in dotibus & Custodiis, IntelligatÕ de vastis faftis post statutu. Nova Addicb. Et pena reddendi triplu in casu vasti de Dotibus & Custodiis, intelligatur de vastis faftis post statutu. De ilia que alienat dotem suam, 8cc. intelligatur post statutum. (4)

1 p eos qui tenent Rot. Bodl: Lib. Scac. X.

1 tam de 9ris alienat an stat q* p9t. Rot. Bodl: Lab. Scac. A.

3 veri valoris Printed Copies.

4 Dal Glouc die dnica pxima post festum ad vinct Sci Petri anno R. Reg Eadwardi sexto IJb. Scac. X.

I. A. D. 1279.

Anno 7¡ EDWARDI,

5>tatutÕ fie SUtrts ffieltgtoBiB.

The STATUTE for RELIGIOUS MEN.

Ex magno Rot. Slat, in Turr. Lond. m. 47-*

REX Justic suis de Banco, sattm. Cum dudum p visum fuisset, qd viri Religiosi feoda aliquo^ no ingrederent', sine Iicencia & voluntate Capitaliu dno^, de quibj feoda ilia immediate tenentur; & viri Religiosi postmodu nichilomin9 tarn feoda sua pp'a, q*m aliop hactenus ingressi sint, ea sibi appando & emendo, & aliqÕndo ex dono alioij recipiendo, p quod 9vicia que ex huj9modi feodis debent', & que ad defensione regni ab inicio pvisa fuerunt, indebite sub- trahunt', & dni Capitales escaetas suas inde amittunt: Nos, sup hoc p utilitate regni congruu remediu pvideri volentes, de consilio Prelatop Comitu (1) & alio£ fideliu regni nri de consilio nro existenciu, pvidim9, statuim9, & ordinavim9, qd nullus Religiosus aut alius quicumq,, tVas aut ten aliqua enie vel vendere, aut sub colore donacois aut tmini vl alVius tituli cuj9cuqs, ab aliquo recipe, aut alio quovismodo arte vt ingenio [arte vt ingenio *] sibi app'are psumat, sub forisfcura eopdem, p quod ad manu mortua tre & ten huj9modi deveniant quoquo modo. Providim9 eciain, qd si quis Religiosus aut alius, corn* p>sens statutu, aliquo modo arte vt in.genio venire pÕsumpsit, liceat nob & aliis immediatis ca- pitalib; dnis feodi tali? alienati, illud inf* annu a tempe alienacbis huj9modi ingredi & tenie in feodo & hereditate. Et si [capital dns immediatus dns]] negligens fSit, et feod huj9modi ingredi nolSit infra annu, tunc liceat pximo capitali duo [mediato *] feodi illius, inf* dimidiu annu sequentc, feodu illud ingredi & teh!e sicut pMcm est j [et sic quilibet dns mediatus facial,5] si ppinquior dns in ingrediendo huj9modi feod negligens fait ut pkicm est. Et si omnes huj9modi capitales dni huj9modi feodi, qui plene fSint etatis, & inf* quatuor maria, & ext" pÕsonam, p unu annu negligentes vt remissi filint in hac pte, nos statim post annu completu a tempe quo huj9modi empciones, donacoes, aut alias app'acoes fieri contigit, tras & ten huj9modi capiem9 in manu nram, & alios inde feoffabim9 p 2ta svicia nob inde ad de.fensione regni nri facienda ; Salvis . capitalibj dhis feodop illojs Wardis, escaetis, & aliis ad ipos ptinentib}, ac ÕSviciis inde debitis & consuetis. Et ideo vob man- dam9 qd statutu pdcm cora vob legi, & deceto firmit terii & observari faciatis. T. R. apud Westm [xv. die Novembr anno &c. Septimo.6] (Õ)

1 Baronu MS. Cott. Claudius, D. II.

1 Erroneously repeated ; Rot. Pat; Rot. Claus; MS. Cott omit.

, J dns capital immediat5 Rot-Pat; MS. Cott.

1 capital dns immediat5 Rot. Claus.

¥ immediaf Old Printed Copies.

5 Rot. Bodl. omits the Word Ô mediatusÕ: the Word Ô faciatÕ is interlined on the Patent and Close Rolls. Old Printed Copies read Ô Et sic quilibet capitalis dominus immediat [im.mediate a/.] ingredi pot hujusmodi feoda.Õ

6 f xiiij. die Novembr Rot. Pat.

\ xv. die Novembr, anno r. n. septimo Rot.Claus; MS.Cott.

{Et med qd istud statutu irrotulat' in Dorso Rotuli Clausa^ de hoc anno. Rot. Pat.

Et memo'1 qd istud statutu irrotulat' in Rotlo patenciu de hoc anno. Rot. Claus.

(')TT ritERE of late it was provided, that Re%ious VV Men should not enter into the Fees of any without Licence and Will of the Chief Lord, of whom such Fees be holden immediately ; and notwithstanding such Religious Men have (Õ) entered as well into their own Fees, as into the Fees of other Men, approprying and buying them, and sometime receiving them of the Gift of others, whereby the Services that are due of such Fees, and which at the beginning were provided for Defence of the Realm, are wrongfully withdrawn, and the chief Lords do leese their Eschetes of the same: We therefore, to the Profit of our Realm, intending to provide convenient Remedy, by the Advice of our Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other our Subjefts, being of our Council, have provided, [made,3] and ordained, That no Person, Religious or other, whatsoever he be, [that will buy or sell any Lands or Tenements, or under the Colour of Gift or Lease, or that will receive by reason of any other Title, whatsoever it be, Lands or Tenements, or by any other Craft or Engine will presume to appropre to himself,*] under Pain of For.feiture of the same, whereby such Lands or Tenements may any wise come into Mortmain. We have Provided also, That if any Person, Religious or other, do presume

(5) either by Craft or Engine to offend against this Sta.tute, it shall be lawful to Us and other [Chief Lords of the Fee immediate to enter into the Land so aliened,6] within a Year from the Time of the Alienation, and to hold it in Fee [as an7] Inheritance. And if the Chief Lord immediate be negligent, and will not enter into such Fee within the Year, then it shall be lawful to the next Chief Lord immediate of the same Fee to enter into the same [Land Ò] within half a Year next following, and to hold it as before is said ; and so every Lord immediate may enter into [such Land,6] if [the next Lord Ô¡] be negligent in entering into the same Fee, as is aforesaid. And if all the Chief Lords of such Fees, being of full Age, within the Four Seas, and out of Prison, be negli.gent or slack in this Behalf, (") We, immediately after the Year accomplished, from the Time that such Pur.chases, Gifts, or Appropriations hap to be made, shall take such Lands and Tenements into our Hand, and shall infeoff other therein by certain Services to be done ('*) to Us for the Defence of our Realm ; saving to the Chief Lords of the same Fees their Wards and Eschetes, [and other Services thereunto ,J] due and accustomed. And therefore We command you, that ye cause the fore- said Statute to be read before you, and from henceforth to be kept firmly and observed.

Witness Myself at Westminster the Fifteenth day of November, the Seventh year of our Reign.

No Land ¥hall be

aliened in Mortmain, upon Pain of the Forfeiture thereof.

The Lords of the Fee shall

successively take Benefit of the Forfeiture.

And on their neglecting for Twelve Months, the King shall take.

1 The King to his Justices of the Bench, Greeting.

* since i established

* presume to buy or sell, or under the colour of Gift or Lease, or by reason of any other Title, whatsoever it be, to receive of any Man, or by any other craft or ingine to appro.priate to himself, any Lands or Tenements j

* in any manner

6 immediate chief Lords of the Fee so aliened, to enter into the same,

7 and Õ Fee Èthe same Fees,

10 the next immediate Lord unto him

"for the Space of One Tear " for the tame

u and other things to them belonging, and the Servics for the same

¥ This Statute is entered on the Patent Roll of this Year 7 Ed. I. m. 2, and on the Close Roll of this same year m. 1. d.\ entitled, in the Margin of each Roll Ò Forma Statuta Viros Religiosoj.Ó In the modern Printed Copies it is called < A Statute of Mortmain.Õ In MS. Cott. Claudius, D. II. fo. 195, is a Copy of this Statute, with a Note at the End Ô E\r p rottm.Õ but which instead of the Word * RexÕ at the Beginning, reads Ô Edwardus dei gracia Rex Angt, Dns Hibn, Sc Dux Aquit Õ On the Bodleian Roll of Statutes, and in several Manuscripts, this Statute is given in the third person, Ò Dominus Rex providit, statuit & ordinavit,Ó omitting the introductory and concluding Forms of the Writ.


The Manner of proceed.ing, when a Foreigner is vouched to Warranty in London,

Anno 9¡ EDWARDI, I. A.D.128).

An Article Ç/ it. statute ./ Gloucester

by our Sovereign Lord Edward, formerly King of England, Father of the now King, in the ninth year of his Reign, and by his Council, corrected for the Citizens of London, touching the vouching of Foreigners to Warranty in the Hustings in London.

IT is Provided also, That if one being impleaded in the City of London, do vouch a Foreign toWarranty, the Mayor and the Bailliffs shall adjourn the Parties before the Justices of the Bench at a certain Day, and shall send their Record thither; and the Justices shall cause the Warrantor to be summoned before them, and shall try the Warranty ; and the Mayor and the Bailiffs in the mean time shall surcease in the Matter that dependeth afore them by Writ, until such Time as the Warranty be determined before the Justices of the Bench ; and when the Matter shall be determined (') Commandment shall be given to the Vouchee to depart into the City, and to answer to the first Plea; and the Demandant, at his Suit, shall have a Writ from the Justices of the Bench, unto the Mayor and Bailiffs, that they shall proceed in the Plea. And if the De.mandant recover, the Tenant shall come to the Justices of the Bench, and have a Writ to the Mayor and Bailiffs, that in case the Tenant have lost his Land, they shall cause it to be extended, and return the same Extent unto the Bench at a certain day ; and after, it shall be commanded to the Sheriff of the Shire, where the Warranty was summoned, that he shall cause the Tenant to have of the Lands of the Warrantor to like Value. And if it fortune that the Tenant make Default at the Day that is assigned him in the Bench, then shall there go forth a Writ from the Justices of the Bench to the Mayor and Bailiffs, to seise the Land demanded into the KingÕs Hands by a Petit Cape, and to summon the Tenant, that he be at the Hustings at a certain Day, whereat the Justices shall be advised to give Judgement upon the same Default, if he cannot save it; and in case he can save it, then the Justices shall be certified thereof by their Record; and by the same Record they shall plead the Warranty.

By the Council.

Ô in the Bench

Ex Rot. Claus. 9 Ed. II. m. 11. (')

Articulus Statuti GlouC p Dnm E. quondam Regem Angt, prem Regis nunc, anno regni sui nono, & consilium suu, correftus p Civibj London de Forinsecis vocatis ad Warantum in Hustengo London.

PURVEU est ensement q si home enpledee en la Cite de Londres vouche forein a garant, le Meire & les Baillifs ajoment les pties devaunt Justices du Baunk a certein jour, & envoient la lour record; e les Justices facent somondre le garant devant eux, & pie- dent la garantie ; & le Meire, & les Baillifs endementers surseisent a la parole qest devant eux p bref, jeqes atant q la parole de la garantie soit t?mine devant Jus.tices du Baunk; e qant la parole sra tmine au Baunk Õ5>ra dit al garant, qil voist en la Cite, & respoigne du chief plei; Et le demaundant p sa sute, eit bref des Justices du Baunk au Meire e as Baillifs qil voisent avant en le plai. E si le demaundant recoevre, veigne le tenant as Justices du Baunk, & eit bref al Meire e as Baillifs, q si le tenant eit sa tre pdue, qil facent estendre la rre, & retornent lestente au Baunk a cer.tein jour; apres seit maunde a Viscounte du pais, ou le garant fust somons, qil face aver de la ?re du garant a la vaillaunce. E sil avient q le tenant face defaute al jour q li est done al Baunk, dounqes istra bref des Justices du Baunc, au Meire & as Baillifs, de pndre le tenement demaunde en la mein le Roi p le petit Cape, & de somondre le tenant qil soit al Husteng a c?tein jour, Dount les Justices €ront avisez a rendre juggement de cele defaute, sil ne la puisse saver ; E sil la puisse saver, adounqes soient les Justices de ceo c?tifiez p lour record: E les Justices p lour record pledent la garantie.

p consiliu.

1 By a Writ upon this Roll, entitled in the Margin Ò De forincec vocat ad Warant in London surnofi.Ó dated Westminster, May 2, from the King to the Justices of the Bench, reciting, in Latin, the Substance of that Article, or Part, of the Statute of Gloucester, Chapter XII., which relates to the vouching Foreigners in London ; and that in the Ninth year of King Edward I. the said Article had been amended by the King and Council, and sent under Seal to the Mayor and Sheriffs of the said City, who had from that Time proceeded according thereto, but that some Difficulty had lately arisen in the Bench on account of fuch Amendment, as cont rad idling the Statute ; the Justices are commanded to cause the said Article to be observed according to the Tenor thereof sent to them with the said Writ. Then follows the amended Article as here given, and entitled as above. The following Writ to the Mayor and Sheriffs of London, subjoined to the amended Article as transmitted to them by Edward I. is entered in Liber Horn among the Archives of the City of London. Ç Edwardus dei gra fee. Majori 8c Vic London, Saluf. Mandani5 vobis quendam articlm statuti nn, apd Glouc anno r. n. vj'¡ editi, corre&u ; put in quad cedla psentib; in?clusa pleni9 cotinetr, vob precipientes qd articlm illu juxÒ correccoem ilia firrai? teSi & observari facial. T. meipo apd Wcstiu X. die Jun a¡r. n. nono.Ó


Anno 11¡ EDWARDI, I. A.D. 1283.

&tatutÕ De $)ereatotfb3.

The STATUTE of MERCHANTS.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 46.*

PUR ceo qe Marchauntz, qi'avaunt ces houres unt preste lur aver a div*se genz, sunt cheuz en poPte, pur ceo qe il ni aveit pas si redde ley purvewe, par la quele il poeient lur dettes hastivement, recoverir al jor asis de paye ; e par cele achesun sunt mult de Marchaunz sustretz de venir en ceste terre od lur Marchaundises, a damage des Marchaunz, e de tut le reaume: Le Rei par luy e par sun conseil ad ordine, e establi, qe Marchaunt qi veut estre seur de sa dette, face venir sun dettur devaunt le Meire de Lundres, ou de Everwyk, ou de Bristowe, e de.vaunt le Meire, e devaunt un Clerk, qi le Rey a ceo atomera, conoise la dette, e le jor de la pae; e seit la reconisaunce enroulee de la main le avauntdit Clerk qe serra conue. E estre ceo lavauntdit Clerk f.ice de sa main le escrit de obligacion, al quel escrit seit mis le seal del dettur, od le seal le Rei, qe a ceo est purveu, le quel seal demorra en sauve garde le Meire, e del Clerk avauntdit; E si le dettur [ne-e '] rende al jor qe lui est asis, si veigne le Creaunzur al Meire, e al Clerk, od sa lettre de obligaciun ; E si trove seit par roule, e par lettre, qe la dette fu conue, e qe le jor asis seit passe, Le Meire par vewe de pdeshomes, meintenaunt face vendre les moebles al dettur cum ateint de la dette, si com chatels e bur.gages devisablcs, desqes a la summe de la dette, e les deniers saunz delai paez as Creaunzurs. E si le Meire ne troesse achatur face par renable pris liverer les moebles al Creaunzur, desqe a la summe de la dette en allowaunce de sa dette: E a la vente, e a la liveree des burgages devisables, serra mis le seal le Rti avauntdit, en pardurable tesmoinaunce. E si le dettur ne eit moeble en le poer le Meire, dunt la dette poet estre levee, einz eit aillours en le reaume, dunqe maunde le Meire, desuz le seal avauntdit, a Chauncelier la conoissaunce fete devaunt lui, e le avauntdit Clerk, e le Chauncelier enveye bref al Vis- cunte, en qi baillie le dettur avera moebles, e le Vis- cunte face fere gre al Creaunzur, par mesme la forme qe est devisee, qe le Meire le fereit, si les biens moebles al dettur fussent en sun poer; mes bien se gardent ceuls, qi priserunt les moebles pur liverer al Creaunzur, qe il mettent resnable pris e owel, qe si il 1 ne neÑRot. Claus.

FORASMUCH as Merchants, which heretofore have lent their Goods to divers persons, be greatly im.poverished, because there is no speedy Law provided for them to have Recovery of their Debts at the Day of Payment assigned ; and by reason hereof many Mer.chants [have withdrawn to come '] into this Realm with their Merchandises, to the Damage as well of the Mer.chants, as of the whole Realm: The King by himself and by his Council hath ordained and established, That the Merchant which will be sure of his Debt, shall cause his Debtor to come before the Mayor of London, or of York, or Bristol, [or*] before the Mayor and a Clerk, which the King shall appoint for the same, for to knowledge the Debt and the Day of Payment; and the Recognisance shall be entered into a Roll with the Hand of the said Clerk, which shall be known. Moreover, the said Clerk shall make with his own Hand a Bill Obligatory, whereunto the Seal of the Debtor shall be put, with the KingÕs Seal, that shall be provided for the same Purpose, the which Seal shall remain in the keeping of the Mayor and Clerk aforesaid : And if the Debtor doth not pay at the Lay to him limited, the Creditor may come before the said Mayor and Clerk with his Bill obligatory; and if it be found by the Roll, and by the Bill, that the Debt was knowledged, and that the Day of Payment is expired, the Mayor shall incontinent cause the Moveables of the Debtor to be sold, as far as the Debt doth amount, by the praising of honest Men, [as Chattels,'] Burgages de.visable, until the whole Sum of the Debt; and the Money, without delay, shall be paid to the Creditor. And if the Mayor can find no Buyer, he shall cause the Moveables to be delivered to the Creditor at a reasonable Price, as much as doth amount to the Sum of the Debt, in Allowance of his Debt: And the KingÕs Seal shall be put unto the Sale and Deliverance of the Burgages devisable for a perpetual Witness. And if the Debtor have no Moveables within the Jurisdiction of the Mayor, whereupon the Debt may be levied, but hath some otherwhere within the Realm, then shall the Mayor send the Recognisance, made before him and the Clerk aforesaid, unto the Chancellor, under the [KingÕs Seal'1;] and the Chancellor shall direft a Writ unto the Sheriff, in whose Bailiwick the Moveables of the Debtor be, and the Sheriff shall cause [him to agree with his CreditorÕ] in such Form as (Ô) the Mayor should have done in case that the Moveables of the Debtor had been within his Power ; and let them that shall praise the moveable Goods, to be delivered unto the Creditor, take good heed that they do set a (7) reasonable Price ' do refrain to come

1 and 3 as also Chattels, and

* the Sea! aforesaid 5 the Creditor to be satisfied

t it is prescribed that 3 just and

The acknow.ledging of a Statute Merchant.

Execution

thereon.

Extent.

The Recog.nizance may be certified into Chan.cery.

Regulation of the Extent.

¥ This Statute is also entered on the Close Roll It E. I. m. 2. d. and there entitled in the Margin : Ò Statutu editu p nlcatorih) ad debita sua celeriV recupanda."

In Lib. Scac. Westm. X.fo. xl. The Title and Commencement of this Statute are thus given j Ò Les Estatuz de Stopbury ke sut apele Aflone-Burnel.

Ç Ceo sunt les estatuz fez a Salopsebur al parlement pchein aps la feste seit Michel lan del Regne le Rey Eaduuard fiz le Rey Henry, unzine.Ó


The Debtor shall be imprisoned in Default of Effects. The DebtorÕs Diet in Prison.

The Creditor a Stranger.

Pledges for the Debt.

Execution against them.

upon them ; for if they do set an over high Price for favour born to the Debtor, and to the Damage of the Creditor, then shall the Thing so praised be delivered unto themselves at such Price as they have limited, and they shall be forthwith answerable unto the Creditor for his Debt. And if the Debtor will say, that his move- able Goods were delivered or sold for less than they were worth, yet shall he have no Remedy thereby; [for when '3 the Mayor or the Sheriff hath sold the moveable Goods lawfully to him that offered most; [he may account it his own folly, that he did not sell his own moveable Goods himself before the Day of his Suit, when he might, and would not, and have levied the Money with his own Hands.1] And if the Debtor have no Moveables whereupon the Debt may be levied, then shall his Body be taken where it may be found, and kept in Prison until that he have made Agreement, or his Friends for him ; and if he have not (J) wherewith he may sustain himself in Prison, the Creditor shall find him Bread and Water, to the end that he die not in Prison for default of Sustenance, the which Costs the Debtor shall recompense him with his Debt, before that he be let out of Prison. And if the Creditor be a Merchant Stranger, he shall remain at the Costs of the Debtor for so long Time as he [tarrieth about the Suit of his Debt, and until4J the moveable Goods of the Debtor be sold or delivered unto him. And if the Creditor do not [take5] the Debtor alone for the Surety of his Payment, by reason whereof Pledges or Main.pernors be founden, then those Pledges or Mainpernors shall come before the Mayor and Clerk abovesaid, and shall bind themselves by Writings and Recognizances, as afore is said of the Debtor. And in like manner if the Debt be not paid at the Day limited, such Execution shall be awarded against the Pledges or Mainpernors, as before is said of the Debtor; Provided nevertheless, That so long as the Debt may be fully taken and levied of the Goods moveable of the Debtor, the Mainpernors or Pledges shall be without Damage : Notwithstanding, for Default of moveable Goods of the Debtor, the Cre.ditor shall have [Execution of his Recognisance upon ÒJ the Mainpernors or Pledges, in such manner and form as before is limited against the principal Debtor.

And to defray the Charge of the aforesaid Clerk, the King shall take out of every Pound one Penny. This Ordinance and Adi the King willeth to be holden from henceforth through.out all his Realm of England, among all Persons whosoever they may be, who shall freely choose to make such Recogni.sance } except Jews, to whom this Statute extendeth not.

And by this Statute a Writ of Debt shall not be abated. And the Chancellor, Barons of the Exchequer, Justices of the one Bench and of the other, and Justices Errants, shall not be estopped to take Recognizances of Debts of those who shall choose so to do before them; but the Execution of Recogni.zances before them shall not be made according to the Form aforesaid, but according to the Law, Usage, and Manner here.tofore used. Given at Adlon Burnell, the twelfth day of Odlober in the eleventh year of our Reign.

Like Statutes have the Mayors of York and Bristol, Lincoln, and Winton, and Salop.

1 forasmuch as

'for be may blame himtelf that before the Jay of the Suit he had it in hie power to ha' e sold hit moveable Goode, and to have levied the Money with hit own hand, and yet he would not.

Õ of hit own

* thill be tuing for the leafing of hit Debt, until the Day that

s content himself with 6 his Recovery against

les prisent trap haut en favour del dettour, e en damage del Creaunzur, la chose prisee seit liveree a cels qi la averunt prise par le pris qe mis i unt, e meintenaunt respoignent al Creaunzur de sa dette. E si le dettur voille dire qe ses biens moebles furent venduz, ou live- rez, pur meinz qe il ne valent de ceo ne purra il re- medie aver, par quei qe le Meire ou le Viscunte eyent leaument les biens moebles a celui qi plus offri, vendu, car il purra retter a lui mesmes qe avaunt le jor de la seute, poeit ses biens moebles aver vendu, e par sa main les deniers leve, e ne voleit. E si le dettur ne ad moebles, dunt tute la dette pusse estre levee dunqe seit sun cors pris, ou qe il seit trove, e en prisun tenu desqe taunt qe il eit fet gre, ou ses amis pur lui. E si il nad del soen dunt estre sustenu en prisun, le Creaunzur lui trusse pain e ewe, issi qe il ne moerge pur defaute; les quels custages le dettur lui rende, od la dette, avattnt ceo qe il isse de prisun. E si le Creaunzur seit Mar- chaunt estraunge, il demorra as custages del dettur tut le tens qe il siwera pur sa dette lever, desqe al jor qe les biens moebles al dettur seient venduz, ou a lui liverez. E si le Creaunzur ne se pae pas de la suerte soulement le dettur, par quei plegges lui soient trovez, ou main- pnours, les mainpnours ou les plegges veignient de.vaunt le Meire e le avauntdit Clerk, e se obligent par escrit e par reconoissaunce si com avaunt est dit del dettur. En mesme la manere, si la dette ne seit paee al jor asis, seit fete la execution, sur les plegges ou main.pnours cu avaunt est dit del dettur; issi nepurq*unt, qe taunt come la dette pusse pleinement estre levee des biens moebles al dettur, les mainpnours, ou les plegges ne eyent damage; Mes en defaute des biens moebles al dettur, eit le Creaunzur recoverir sur les mainpnours, ou sur les plegges, en la forme qe avaunt est dite del dettur. E a sustenir les Custages lavauntdit clerk, si prendra le Rei de chescune livre un denier. Cest or- deinement e establisement veut le Rei qe desoremes seit tenu, par tut sun reaume de Engleterre, entre quel gent, qe ceus seient, qe de lur ein degre voderunt tele re- conisaunce fere, forpris Jeus, as quels cest establisement ne se estent pas. (')

1 Ò E par cest establissement ne seit bref de dette abatu. E ne soyent pas le Chauncelier, Baruns del Escheqre, Justices del un Baunc e del autre, e Justices erraunz, forclos de pren.dre reconoissaunces de dettes, de ceus qi devaunt eus le vode.runt fere : Mes les execucions de Conoissaunces devaunt eus ne seyent pas fetes par la forme avauntdite, mes par la ley e le usage e la maniere avaunt usee. Donee a A£lone Bumel lc duzim jor de O&obr en lan de nostre regne, unzim.

Ò Consitia statuta hnt Majores Eboji 8c Bristoll Line 8c Wynton 8c Sallop.ÓÑRot. Claus, it E. I. ">. t-d-


Anno 12¡ ED WARD I, I. A.D. 1284.

statuta smallte.

The STATUTES of WALES.

Ex Rot. in Turr. Land.*

EDWARDUS Dei gra Rex Angt Dns Hifeii & Dux Aquitann, omibj fidelibj suis de Pra sua Snaudon & de aliis Pris suis in Watt, Saitm in diio. Divina Pvidencia, que in sui disposicione non fallit', in? alia dispensacois sue munia quibj nos & regnu nrm Angt decorare dignata est, ?ram Watt cu incolis suis, prius nob jure feodati subjettani, jam sui gra in pprie- taris nre dominiu, obstactis quibuscuq, cessantibj, to- tali? & cu integritate convÕtit, & corone Regni p>dci tanqÕm ptem corpis ejusdem annexuit & univit. Nos itaqs nutu divino volentes pdfam Pram nram Snaudon & alias ?ras nras in ptiby illis sicut & ce?as dic&ni nre snbjefias, ad honorem & laudem Dei & Ecctie See ac zelum justicie sub debito regimine gubnari, & incolas seu habitatores ?ra£ illaj> qui alto & basso se submise- runt voluntati nre, et quos sic ad nram recepim9 vo- luntatem cÕtis legiby & consuetudinib3 sub tÒnquillitate & pace nra t*dlari, leges & consuetudines parciu illap hatten9 usitatas coram nob & pcerib} regni nri fecim9 recitari. Quibj diligen? auditis & pleni9 intettcis quas- dam ipaj> de consilio pceru pdcop delevim9, quasdam pmisim9, & quasdam correxim9 ; & eciam quasdam alias adiciend et statuend decrevim9; & eas dece?o in ?ris nris in ptibj illis ppetua firmitate teneri & obser- vari volum9, in forma subscripta. Providim9 et de- cemendo statuim9 qd Justiciar Snaudon beat custodia & [gubnacbes '3 pads nre Regie in Snaudon et ?ris nris Watt ad|acentib3 ; & justitiam exhibeat quibuscumq, juxta bria regia originalia leges eciam & consuetudines infrascriptas. Voluin9 eciam & statuim9 qd Viceco.mites, Coronatores & Batti Comotop sint in Snaudon, & ?ris nris parciu eajjdem. Vicecomes de [Angleseia Õ] sub quo tota Pra Angleseye cu cantredis metis & bundis suis Vicecomes de [KayenarvanJ] sub quo Cantreda de Arva, Cantreda de Arthlencoyth, Comotu de [Cru- thin,43 Cantreda de Thleen & Comotu de [Yvionith.5] Vicecomes de [Meyronnith,6] sub quo Cantreda de [Mey- ronnith,6] Comotu de Ardudo, et Comotu de [Penth- lin,7] & Comotu [de Dereyno,8] cu metis & bundis suis. Vicecomes de Flynt, sub quo Cantreda de Englefeud, terra de [Meylor Seysnek,9] & Pra de Hope, & tota Pra conjufta castro nro & ville de Rothelan, usqs ad villain Cestrie, decePo intendat sub nob Justiciar nro Cestf, & de exitibj ejusdem Comoti respondeat ad Seem nrm Cestre. Coronatores sint in eisdem Comi- tatibj, p bre regiu eligendi, cuj9 tenor invenietÕ in? originalia bna Cancellarie. Sint eciam Batti Comotop qui officia sua fideliP faciant & exequantÕ & eisdem diligen? intendant sc'dm qd p Justic et Vi? eis injungetÕ.

. gubernacoem ¥ Anglesejra

* Kaernarvan Rot. IÑKaerenarvan Rot. a.

4 Cruthyn J Yvionyth Rot. I.

6 Meronyth Rot. ____Meronith Rot. a.

7 Penthelyn Rot. i.ÑPenethlyn Rot a.

8 de Yrinony Rot. IÑdeyrinoin Rot. a.

9 Mayllor Sexeneyth Rot. i.ÑMaillor Sexeneyth Rot. a.

EDWARD by the Grace of God King of England, Lord of Ireland, and Duke of Aquitain, to all hii Subjects of his Land of Snowdon, and of other his Lands in Wales, Greeting in the Lord. The Divine Providence, which is un.erring in its own Government, among other gifts of its Dis.pensation, wherewith it hath vouchsafed to distinguish Us and our Realm of England, hath now of its favour wholly and en.tirely transferred under our proper dominion, the Land of Wales with its Inhabitants, heretofore subjeft unto us in Feudal Right, all obstacles whatsoever ceasing; and hath annexed and united the same unto the Crown of the aforesaid Realm, as a Member of the same Body. We therefore, under the Divine Will, being desirous that our aforesaid Land of Snowdon and our other Lands in those parts, like as all those which are sub- je£f unto our Power, should be governed with due Order, to the Honour and Praise of God and of Holy Church, and the Advancement of Justice, and that the People or Inhabitants of those Lands who have submitted themselves absolutely unto our will, and whom We have thereunto so accepted, should be pro.tected in security within our peace under fixed Laws and Cus.toms, have caused to be rehearsed before Us and the Nobles of our Realm, the Laws and Customs of those parts hitherto in use: Which being diligently heard and fully understood, We have, by the Advice of the aforesaid Nobles, abolished certain of them, some thereof We have allowed, and some We have cor.rected j and We have likewise commanded certain others to be ordained and added thereto ; and these We will shall be from henceforth for ever stedfastly kept and observed in our Lands in those parts, according to the Form underwritten.

We have Provided and by our command ordained, That the Justice of Snowdon shall have the Custody and Government of the Peace of Us the King in Snowdon, and our Lands of Wales adjoining; and shall administer Justice to all Persons whatsoever, according to original Writs of Us the King, and also the Laws and Customs underwritten. We likewise will and ordain that there be Sheriffs, Coroners, and Bailiffs of Commotes in Snowdon, and our Lands of those parts. A She.riff of Anglesea, under whom shall be the whole Land of Anglesea, with its Cantreds, Metes, and Bounds. A Sheriff of Caemarvan, under whom shall be the Cantred of Arvan, the Cantred of Arthlencoyth, the Commote of Cruthin, the Cantred of Thleen, and the Commote of Yvionith. A Sheriff of Merioneth, under whom shall be the Cantred of Merioneth, the Commote of Ardovey, and the Commote of Peuthlin, and the Commote of Deyrinoin, with their Metes and Bounds. A Sheriff of Flint, under whom shall be the Cantred of En- glefeud, the Land of Maillor Sexeneyth, and the Land of Hope, and all the Land adjoining to our Castle and Town of Rothelan unto the Town of Chester, shall from henceforth be obedient under Us to our Justice of Chester, and shall answer for the Issues of the same Commote at our Exchequer of Chester. There shall be Coroners in the same Counties, to be chosen by the KingÕs Writ, the tenor whereof is to be found among the original Writs of the Chancery. There shall like.wise be Bailiffs of Commotes, who shall faithfully do and dis.charge their Offices, and diligently attend thereto, according to what shall be given them in charge by the Justice and Sheriffs.

* The various Readings are from Two Rolls written in the Time of Edward I. preserved among the Records in the Treasury of theCourt of the Receipt of Exchequer, in the Chapter House at Westminster. Rot. I. refers to a Roll indorsed * Statuta Wallie.Õ beginning >Hic incipiunt Statuta Walt.Õ and ending Ô tftpliciunt Statuta de Watt.Õ Rot. a. refers to a Roll also indorsed 1 Statuta Wallie. and, in a more modern Hand, Ô Ex' pP. le Neve, 15 May 1685.Õ

I.

Wales annexed to the Crown of England.

II.

Regulations of the Jurisdi&ion, and its Division into Counties, &c. Sheriffs and other Officers appointed.


A Sheriff of Carmarthen, with its Cantreds and Commotes, and antient Metes and Bounds. A Sheriff of Cardigan and Llampeter, with its Cantreds and Commotes, and Metes and Bounds. There shall be Coroners in these Counties, and Bailiffs of Commotes, as before.

Vicecomes de [Keyrmarthin'] cu Cantredis k comotis ac metis & bundis suis antiquis. Vicecomes de Kardigan & [Lampadar,1] cu cantredis comotis (') k bundis suis. Coronatores sint in eisdem Com & Bafti comotojs ut prius-

III.

Of the

Sheriff's

Office.

Time of holding County Courts.

Proceedings in Cases of Homicide.

On Appeals of Homicide, &c.

Of the Office of Sheriff in Wales ; and the Manner of holding Courts.

THE Sheriff ought to execute his Office in this Form, to wit 5 When any one shall have complained to him of any Trespass done to him against the Peace of our Lord the King, or of the taking and wrongful detaining of Cattle, or of an unjust taking, or of Debt or any other Contract not fulfilled and the like, either by Writ or without Writ, first let him take Pledges of prosecuting his Claim, or the partyÕs Oath if he be a poor man, and afterwards make Execution as is more fully declared, in this manner, the Defendants in each case shall be sum.moned to be at the next County Court, to answer unto the Plaintiffs; at which Court, after Summons made and Proof thereof, if they come not, they shall be summoned again by Award of the Court, to be at another Court next ensuing, to answer as before ; at which, if they come not, after Summons repeated and Proof thereof, they shall be summoned by Award of the Court a third time, to be at the next third County Court to answer as before; at which Court, if they come not, then the Plaintiffs by Judgement of the Court, as well in Pitas by Writ as Plaints without Writ, shall recover their Demands together with Damages or Amends, as well in moveables as in immoveables, according as the Aftions require. And for such Defaults a Penalty shall be incurred to our Lord the King, according to the Law and Custom of Wales. And when the parties shall have appeared to plead, each shall be received without Fine to relate the Truth of his Case; and according to the Plaints, Answers, and Allegations on either side, shall be the Proceeding to Judgement for the Plaintiff or Defendant, by the Award of the County Court; and the Punishment shall be according to the Quality and Quantity of the Offence. And it is to be known that the County Court ought to be holden in this Manner, to wit, from Month to Month, in such Place as our Lord the King shall ordain ; and this upon Monday in one County, upon Tuesday in another, upon Wed.nesday in a third County, and upon Thursday in a fourth, and not upon any other days. And the Sheriff shall proceed thus in the holding of his County Court. First he shall hear and receive before himself and the Coroner and the Suitors of the County, the Presentments of Felonies and of Casualties that shall have happened between two Counties, touching the death of a man, in this manner ; That the four Townships next to the place where the fail of Manslaughter or Misaventure shall have happened, shall come to the next County Court, together with him that found the dead man, and the Welshery, that is, the Kindred of the Person slain, and there shall pre.sent the Fa£t of Felony, the Case of Misadventure, and the manner of either: Declaring thus,That on such a day, at such a place, it fell out that such an one, known or unknown, was found slain feloniously, or drowned, or otherwise dead by misad.venture, and such an one found him, who is present, &c. and that Presentment shall be forthwith inrolled, as well in the Coroner's Roll as in the SheriffÕs. And if there should be present man or woman that would sue by Appeal, there shall be Pledges to prosecute taken forthwith, and the Appeal shall be sued in that County Court. So that if the Appellees should appear, they shall straight be taken, and detained in the prison of our Lord the King until the coming of the Justice, and be safely kept; And if they should not appear, then upon the Prosecution of the Appellor they shall be exacted from one County Couit to another; and if they come not at the fourth Court, or be not taken to pledge, they shall be outlawed, and Women shall be waived. And if they should not ap.pear at the first County Court where they shall be exacted, their Lands and Chattels shall be forthwith taken and seised in the hand of our Lord the King, and shall be delivered into Ward to the Townships, as hereunder. In the same manner shall the proceeding be in an Appeal of Wounding, Maihem, Rape, Arson, and Robbery, against the Appellees, if they should not appear. And if they should appear, and find suf.ficient Pledges, six at the least, or more, to abide Judgement at the coming of the Justice, they shall straight be replevied.

De Officio Vicecomitis [in Waft;4] et modo [Commots] tenendop.

Vicecomes officiu suu exc?cere debet sub hac forma, scitt; cum quis sibi conquest9 f8it de quacunqs t*nsgres- sione sibi fca contra pacem dni Reg, sive de capcoe k in. justa detencione av*io£, sive de namio vetito, aut de de- bito vel alio contraftu non observato & consimitiby, p bre vel sine bri, pÔmo capiat pleg de pseq clam suu vel p fidem si f8it paup, & postea faciat execucoem put pleni9 [declaratÕ, hoc modo,6] defendentes in quoft casu sumo- neantÕ qd sint ad pxlu comit responsuri conquerentib}; ad quern Com ftfa sumonic&e & testificata si non verJint p considac&em Com i?m sumoneant' qd sint ad aliu pxlu Com responsur ut prius; ad quern si non veSint, i?ata sumonicoe [&7 ] testificata p consideracSem Com tcio sumoneantÕ, qd sint ad px tciu Com [respod *] ut prius; ad quern Coin si non veriint extunc conquerentes p con- sidacoem Coin, tarn in placit p bria qÕm querimoniajp sine bri, recupent peticoes suas cum dampnis sive emendis, tarn in rebj mobilibj q*m immobilibj put accoes requi- runt. Et p hujusmodi defaltis pena sedm legem et con- suetudinem Walensicam dfio Regi incurratÕ. Et cu ptes copuerint ad ptitandu, utraqs narrando suam vWtem sine occasione admittatÕ; et sedm peticoes responsiones & allegata hinc inde p considerac&em Coin ad judm p querente vel defendente pcedatr, et sedm qualitatem k quantitatem delicti puniant'. Et sciend qd hoc modo debet Coin teneri, scit' de mense in mensem in loco ubi dns Rex ordinav*it ; et hoc p diem lune in uno Com, p diem martis in alio Coin, p diem nJcur in ?cio Com, k p diem Jovis in quarto Coin, & non p alios dies. Et Vicecoin ad Coin suu tenend sic pcedat. In p^o audiat k recipiat coram eo & coronatore & se&atorib} Coin psentacoes felonia^ & casuu qui contig?it in? duos Com de morte hois hoc modo; qd quatuor villate ppin- quiores loco ubi casus homicidii vel infortunii contig?it, veniant ad px Coin una cu inventore & Walescheria id est parentela hSis inVfci, & ibi p>sentent fem felonie casu infortunii, & modu utriusq,; Ita pnunciando, qd tali die & tali loco contigit qd talis not9 aut ignot9 in.vent9 fuit occisus p felonia, vel submersus vel alio modo mortuus p infortuniu, & tat eu invenit qui psens est kc. k ista p*sentacio tarn in rotio Coronatoris qÕm in rotto Viif statim inrotuletÕ. Et si ibi fffit homo vel feia qui p apellu sequi voluit statim recipiant' pleg de ps k deducat' apellu in Coin illo. Ita qd si [appel- lari9] conpuint statim capiant' k in p'sona dni Reg usq^ adventu Justic detineant' et salvo custodiantÕ; Et si non conpSint tunc ad psecucoem appellantis exi- gantÕ de Coin in Coin, & si ad quartu Coin no venlint, vel manucapti non faint, utlagentÕ, et fine weyvientÕ. Et ad p'mii Coin ad quern exigent' si non conpuint statim eop tre k catalla capiant' et seisiantÕ in manu dni $ k t*dentr custodiend villat ut infra. Eodem modo pcedat' in apello de plaga, mahemio, raptu, in- cendio, & roberia cont* appellatos si non computint; Et si compSint & pleg inveSint [sufficient,10] sex ad min' vel ptes, standi reito in adventu Justic, statim replegient'.

1 Kermerdyn Õ Lampader 3 ac metis

. Rot. 1. omits. j J Comitatuu Rot. 1.

C declarat3. Hoc m" R. 1. (_ Com Rot. 2.

6 ] declaratur. Hoc modo Rot. 2- The latter Words tfginning [ a nrw Paragraph.

t Rot. l. (3'2. omit. , f respons Rot. t.

9 appellati \ responsur Rot. 2.

10 sufficientes

1

1

I

I

1

i

I

I

I

I

I

I

I

1

I

I

1

I

I

1

i


ad. 1284.

12¡ Edw. I. Stat. Wallic, c. 3,4.

57

Et sciend qd conf appellatos de vi, pcepto, missione vel receptamento, non est pcedend ad utlagariam quousq* de f?o aliquis convicat'.

ViC faciet turnu suu in singtis Comotis suis bis in anno, in aliquo &o loco ad hoc assignando; scitt semel post festu SCi Mictiis & semel post Pascha : ad que tÕnu ofries lit* tenentes & alii terram tenentes & in comoto illo residentes tempe summonicois t'ni tenendi, exceptis religiosis cticis & fCis, ibidem venire debent. Et Vic p sacrm duodecim libe tenenciu de discrecioribj & le- galiorib3 vel ptium, p discrescione [ViC,1] diligent1 in- quirat de capittis coronam Dni tangentibj subscriptis :

De Sedu&oribj Dni ft & regni, Diie Regine [& Õ] libop suop, & eoj consentaneis. De Furibj, de [Homi- ddis,3] de Roboratoribj, de Murdritorib}, de Incen- diariis incendia feloni? facientibj, & eop receptatoribj & eis consencientibj. De [Mascerrariis,Õ] carnes furatas scien? vendentibj & ementiby. De [ Whitauwariis,5] scih qui coria bovina & equina furata scienV albificant ut sic non agnoscanth De [Redobatoribj6] pannop furatop, eos in novam formam redigendbj et vetem mutantib3, ut de mantello tunicam vel suptunicam facientib3, et silia. De Utlagatis & ill qui regnti abjuravVint rev'sis. De hiis qui cont* adventu & iter JustiC se subt*xerunt & post i? Justic redierunt. De Raptorib3 Virginu, Scemonialiu, & Matrona^ honeste vivenciu. De Thesauro invento. De cursu aque divso. De via obstrufta vel restrida vel artata. De [muris,7] domib3, portis, fossatis, & marleris levatis & fcis jux* i? publicu, ad nocumentu ipius itirJis & in piclm t*n- seunciu, & de p>dCa levantib3 & facientib3- De [fal- sarib3 *] monete & sigilli Dili Reg. De malefCorfy in parcis & vivariis. De f*ngentib3 p'sonam Dni ft. De capientibt columbas volantes de columbariis. De facientib3 [Puntbreche,Õ] hoc est fra&oriby pcoj in quib3 aialia inpcant'. De [Forstatt,10] hoc est de [recussu "] av*iop. De [Homsokne,11] hoc est de invasione dom9. De Thefbote, hoc est de emenda furti capta sine considerable Cur Dili [tr. De imp'sonantib3 libos quoscumq,. De [Usurariis.13] De amoven- tib3 vt corupentib} divisas. De assisa panis & cVisie no observata, & earn infringentibj. De bussellis, galonib3 & aliis mensuris injustis. De ulnis & pon- derib3 injustis, & p ea vendentib3. De hospitantib3 ignotos ult* duos nodes. De sanguine effuso ; de huthesio levato. De tondentib} multones nodant* in ovilib3, Jc eos excoriantib3 vel eciam alia aialia. De capientib3 & colligentib3 nodant blada in autumpno & ea asportantib3 ; et de omib3 aliis hujusmodi malefcoribt. Inquiratr eciam de jurib3 Diio Regi subt*dis ; ut de custodiis, wardis, maritag, releviis, feodis, advocac&ib3 Ecctiaj si que fSint, Sedis [Com l,Ô] & comotop, quis ea subtÔxerit & a quo tempe ; et de hiis [que ÔQ sibi app'a- 9int jura regalia sine waranto, ut furcas, emendas assle panis Sc c?visie frade, placitu de naniio vetito, & alia hujusmodi jura, que spali? & p pVogativam ptinent ad [Cur16] Dni Pr. Vicecomes aute, in visu & in trno suo faciendo, statim in principio convenire fac coram se omes tocius Comoti, & eos jurare faciat qd veru psen- tabunt duodecim juratory vel ptib3 p ViC eledis, &

1 Rot. x. omits. * vt

I homicidiis Ret. t. ¥ Macecrariis

i Whitawyariis Ret.l.ÑWhytawyariis Ret. 2. Ô Redubatoribj 7 murib} Rot. i.

* falsariis

9 punbreche Ret.l.Ñpundbreche Ret. a.

¥¥ Forstallis " rescussu

II Hamesokena Ret. I.ÑHaunsokne Ret. 2.

.> Usury *¥ u Comit?

.i erreJ ,6 Corotr

ÇLl/

Digitized by '

gle

And it is to be known, that the Proceeding to Outlawry is not to have place against Appellees of Force, Command, Direc.tion, or Receit, until some one be convided of the Fad.

THE Sheriff shall make his Turn in his several Commotes twice in the year, in some place certain to be therefore assigned; that is to say,once after the Feast of Saint Michael, and once after Easter. At which Turn all Freeholders and others holding Lands and dwelling in that Commote, at the Time of the Summons for holding the Turn, except Men of Religion, Clerks, and Women, ought to come thither. And the Sheriff, by the Oath of twelve Freeholders, of the most disciMf and lawful, or more at his discretion, shall diligently make Inquiry upon the Articles touching the Crown and Dig.nity of our Lord the King hereunder written :

Of Traitors to our Lord the King and the Realm, the Queen, and their Children, and their Abettors. Of Thieves, Manslayers, Robbers, Murderers, Burners that make felonious Burnings, and their Receivers and Accessaries. Of Mascherers that sell and buy stolen Meat knowingly. Of Whittawers, that is those that whiten Hides of Oxen and Horses, knowing the same to have been stolen, that they may not be known again. Of Redubbers of stolen Cloths, that turn them into a new Shape, and change the old one, as making a Coat or Surcoat of a Cloak, and the like. Of Outlaws and Abjurers of the Realm that have returned to it. Of such as have withdrawn themselves against the coming and Eyre of the Justice, and have returned after the Eyre. Of Ravishers of Maids, Nuns, and Matrons of good repute. Of Treasure trove. Of turning Water Courses. Of Hindrance, Restraint, and narrowing of the Highway. Of Walls, Houses, Gates, Ditches, and Marlpfts raised and made near unto the publick Way, to the Nuisance of the same Way, and to the Danger of Passengers; and of them that raise and make the same.

Of Forgers of the Money and Seal of our Lord the King.

Of Trespassers in Parks and Vivaries. Of Breakers of the Prison of our Lord the King. Of Takers of Pigeons flying from Dovecotes. Of those who make Pound-breach ; that is, Breakers of the Inclosures wherein Beasts are impounded. Of Forstall, that is of the Stopping of Cattle. Of Hamsoken, that is of breaking into Houses. Of Thefbote, that is of taking Amends for Theft without leave of the KingÕs Court.

Of them that do imprison any Freemen whatsoever. Of

Usurers. Of Removers and falsifiers of Land-marks. Of non-observance of the Assize of Bread and Beer, and of Breakers thereof. Of unlawful Bushels, Gallons, and other Measures. Of unlawful Yards and Weights, and them that sell therewith. Of them that give Lodging to Persons un.known for more than two nights. Of Blood spilt; of Hue and Cry levied. Of them that shear Sheep by Night in the Folds, and that flay them or any other Beasts. Of them that take and collect by Night the Ears of Com in Autumn, and carry them away; and of all other the like Trespassers. Let Inquiry also be made of the Rights of our Lord the King withdrawn, as of Custodies, Wardships, Marriages, Re.liefs, Fees, Advowsons of Churches, if any there be, Suits to the County and Commotes; who shall have withdrawn them, and from what time; and of them that shall have taken upon them to exercise Royalties without Warrant, as Gallows, Fines- for Breach of the Assise of Bread and Beer, Plea of Vetitum Namium, and other the like Rights, which specially and by Prerogative belong to the Crown of our Lord the King. The Sheriff in making his View and Turn, shall first cause to come together forthwith before him all the men of the whole Commote, and shall cause them to swear that they will true Presentment make to the twelve or more of the Jury chosen

Q

IV.

The Turn.

Articles to be inquired of.

Franchises, Stc. usurped.

Presentments of tbe Jury.

For capital Offences.

For smaller Offences.

How the Sheriff shall proceed on Presentments.

by the Sheriff; and that they will conceal nought that is true, nor say ought that is false, of those things that shall be given them in charge in behalf of our Lord the King; and the Oath being taken, the above written Articles shall be laid before them, and they shall be charged to make diligent Inquiry upon each : and if they should find any who for their Offence ought to lose Life or Limb, they shall intimate their Names to the Sheriff secretly ; lest the Men so inclined should escape if they were present in the Turn, and were indicted publicly. But of the rest of the Articles they may well declare their Answers openly and in publick, and return their Verdift > and then it shall be told them to go apart by themselves and diligently to treat and inquire of those things that are given them in charge. And when they shall have been well in.formed, they shall return and render their Verdift and make their Presentment. But the Sheriff in receiving the Verdi£ks and Recognitions shall not seek to trouble them that make Presentments; nor shall he take Fines of them for not being troubled. And when the Verdi& or Presentment of the Jury is brought in, the Sheriff shall forthwith, or as soon as he may, take and keep in Prison, or discharge upon sufficient Bail, such as have been indi&ed of Offences whereof the Punishment is Death or Loss of Limb. And of the rest of the Articles, there shall forthwith be Correction and due Execution made in all and every the Matters aforesaid, according to the Inquisitions. And the Bailiffs of Commotes shall from henceforth hold their Commotes, and do and administer Justice to the Parties in Suit.

nullu veru celabunt vel aliquod falsu dicent, de hiis de quibj ab eis inquired ex pte Dili Reg ; et fcfo sac'mento exponent' eis capitta [subscripta'] et injugat' eis qd de singtis v*itatem diligent inquirant: & si quos inveSint qui ob eo^ maleficiu vitam amitPe debeant vel membra eop noia in secretis Vi? iniiment, ne forte hujusmodi [indidati1] si p'sentes essent in t'no affuglent si in publico [indcarentV] De cePis autem [capitiis ¥] bene poPunt palam & publice respondere, & Vedcm suu red- dere; & tunc dicat' eis qd singti seorsum vadent & diligen? t*ftent & inquirant de hiis que eis sunt injuda. Et cu bene Ptiorati fuint redeant & Peddu suu reddant & psentent. Vic? veto in vWfiis & recognicoibj ad- mi ttend no querat occones vs us psentantes, nec capiat ab eis fines p sic qd non occonent'. Recepto autem PedCo seu psentaeoe psentanciu, Vic? statim, [vel!] q*m cito potit, indi&atos de maleficiis quo£ pena est mors vel amissio membrop capiat, & in p'sona detineat, vel p pleg [sufficient6] dimittat. Et de cetis capidis sCdm qd inquisierit statim fiat correftio, h debita execucio in omiby & singtis sup'dcis. Batti autem Cdmotoj decePo teneant comotos suos & justiciam faciant Sc exPceant in? [ligitantes.7]

V. Of the Office of Coroner ; that is to say, of the Pleas of the

Crown in Wales.

Eleflion of the Coroner.

His Office ; ÑIn Cases of Homicide; and dangerous wounding.

Inrollment of Proceedings in such Cases.

IT is Provided, That in every Commote in Wales there shall be one Coroner at the least who shall be chosen in the full County Court, by the Writ of our Lord the King, according to the Form among other Royal Writs in the following Roll con.tained-, and he shall there make Oath before the Sheriff, that he will be faithful to our Lord the King, and that he will faithfully do and execute all things belonging to the Office of Coroner. And his Office shall be this; that when he shall be required by any one to come to view a Man dead by Felony, or drowned, or in any other manner dead by Misadventure; and also to view a Man grievously wounded, so that his Life be despaired of, that he shall forthwith require the Sheriff or Bailiff of the Commote to cause to come before him at a certain Day and Place, all Persons of twelve years of age and upwards of that Town wherein the casualty shall have happened, and of the four Townships next adjoining -, and by their Oaths he shall faithfully, cautiously, and secretly and diligently make Inquiry of the Felony, the Felons, and their Chattels ; likewise of the Fa£ and the Manner thereof, that is to say, who hath been guilty of the Fatt, who of Force, and what manner of Force, who of Command or Dire&ion, and who of Receit after the Fa£t; and of the Chattels of all those who shall be found guilty thereof by the Inquest. He shall likewise make Inquiry who first found the Body, and his Name shall be enrolled, and he shall be attached by Pledges, whose Names shall be enrolled, to come to the next County Court, and also before the Justice in his Circuit. And, the Inquisition being made, he shall forthwith cause the same to be inrolled distinctly and openlv, together with the Names of those who shall have been found guilty, and their Chattels; and he shall secretly deliver to the Sheriff, if he be present, or to the Bailiff of the Commote, their Names in Writing-, giving in Charge on the behalf of our Lord the King, that straight their Bodies be taken and safely kept in the Prison of our Lord the King until they stand upon their Acquittal in the Court of our Lord the King; And he shall cause their Chattels to be faithfully appraised, and shall set down in his Roll as well the particular Chattels, as the Value thereof; and shall cause the said Chat.tels, by the View of the Sheriff or Bailiff, and of the other liege Subjects of our Lord the King who shall be there pre.sent, to be delivered to every of the Townships wherein the said Chattels shall severally be found ; that they may duly answer for the same upon the coming of the Justice of our Lord the King. The Coroner, when he shall make Inquisition concerning the dead, shall inquire of the Welshery, that is to say, the Kindred of the dead Man: And if any one on the

De Officio Coronatoris; videlt, de Placit Corone [Watt.*]

Pvisu est qd in quott Comoto Watt sit un9 Coro- nator ad min9, qui p bre Dni Reg, in for* in? ceta bria regia in rotlo sequenti contenta, in pleno Com eligat'; & coram Vic ibidem faciat saerm qd erit fidelis Duo Regi & qd fideli? faciat & exequet' omia que ad officiu Coronatoris ptinent. Erita officiii ejus qd statim postq'm ab aliquo [inquisit9 ^ fu it veniendi ad vidend mortuu inPfedu p feloniam vel subnJsu, aut quocuq^ alio modo mortuu p infortuniu; et eciam ad vidend hoiem enormi? vulSatu de cuj9 vita desperat', qd statim mandabit Vic; vel Battio C5moti qd venire fat? coram eo, t?tis die & loco, ofnes duodecim anno£ & ult* de villa ilia in qua casus contig?it, & de quatuor villa! ppinquioribj; & qd p eo£ saerm fideli? caute & se.crete ac diligen? inquiret de felonia, de felonibj & eop catallis, silr de fco & de modo fit, vidett quis fSit culpabit de fco, quis de vi & cujusmodi vi, quis de p*cepto seu missione, quis eciam de receptamento post fem ; & de catatt eoijdem [oium ,n] qui p inquisicoem inde culpabiles inventi fifint. Inquirat eciam quis inP- feftu p'mo invenlit & nomen ejus inrotulet' & attachiet' p [pt "J quop noia inrotulent' veniendi ad pxiu Com & eciam coram Justic in adventu suo. Et qd fca inqui- sicoe ilia earn statim distin&e & apte irrotulari fat?, una cu noibj eojjdem [que inventa "3 fuint culpabiles, & eop catatt ; et qd noia eopdem scripta Vic si p*sens fuit vel battio Comoti secrete libabit, pcipiendo ex pte Dni Pr qd corpa eo£ statim capient' 8c in p'sona Dni p salvo custodiant', donee inde [fec'int reftu "3 in Cur Dni p; et qd catatt eopdem fideli? apjPciari faciet & tarn catatt pticulari? q*m p*ciu eopde in rotlo suo ponet; & eadem catalla p visum Vi2 vel batti Sc aliop fideliu dni p qui inPfSint singtis villatis, in quib3 catatt pdcoj inventa fuint, integre libari faciet, ut in adventu Justic Diio P fideli? inde respondeant. Coronator vero cu fePit inquisicoem sup mortuu introget Walesche- riam scilt parentelam inPf<?i. Et si quis ex pte pris &

. sup'scÕpta i indicarent' Rot. l. 6 sufficientes ¥ in partibj Wallie " pleg

1 indcati Rot. 2.

* pticul

i Litigantes

* requisitus ¥¥ qui inventi

5 Rot. I. omits.

lo hominii .J stefint re£to


ft

N

ft

ini

bl

ft

ft

ft

Be

ft

tat

M

ft

Ddoi

ft!.

n

Ça

IW

(ft

?Ç£

>C(9

5ft

quexi

SB

ftl

oft

lift

ft

cm

Hie

rl

U

is a

>(Ç

koto

ft

silt-

Ad

Cci

imp-

, (£3

M

iffi j ii | Ci is t

ft

iti

so

IBI

4i-

isS

alius ex pte mris apparSit [dndo '] qd sunt de paren- tela sua, Sc hoc p fideles Reg (Õ) testificatu fSit, noia eo^ in rotto suo statim irrotulari fac. Si autem nullus de parentela compeat inrotulet sitr (!) qd nullus conpet, ut [Justif ] in adventu suo evidencius fa?e possit qd in hac pte f8it faciend. Coronator eciam diligent5 inqui- rat casum infortuii & mod, & scdm qd invenJit p in- quisic&em distinfte inrotulari fac. Inquirat eciam de inventore Sc nomen ejus inrotulari fac ut sup*.

PretÕea cu Latro vel Homicida seu alius malefcor fu- g?it ad Ecctiam, Coronator q*mcito sibi constitit mandet Battio Dni pte illi9 comoti qd ?to die venire fac coram eo pbos & legales holes de visneto, & in psencia eop fca re- cogniefte felonie fieri faciet abjurac&em, hoc modo; qd Felo ducat' usq, ad portam Ecctie, et assignet' ei portus p Coronatorem, et extunc abjuret regnu; et scdm qd assignabit' ei port9 ppinqus vel remotus pfigat' ei Pinin9 exeundi regnu p>dcm: ita qd in eundo v'sus portu illii, deferens q*ndam crucem in manu sua, no declinet a via regali [aliquo] modo scitt a dextris nec a sinistris, set semp earn teneat quousq, regnu exierit.

Forme Bnu Regio^ originaliu ptitandojs in Watt.

Breve de Nova Dissi* de libo ten, de quo quis lib ho injuste & sine judicio fSit disseisit9. Rex ViS Angleseye, Sattm. Quest9 est nob A. qd B. St C. in.juste & sine judicio diss eum de libo ten suo in N. post pacem nram in Walt pclamatam anno regni nri xj¡. Et ideo tibi p>cipim5 qd si j9dcus A. fe?it te secur de daih suo ps, tunc faC tenements illud reseisiari de catatt que in ipo capta f&unt, Sc ipm ten cu catall esse in pace usqs ad c?tum diem [quando Justic9 nr tibi scire faciat. Et inPim fac xij. libos & leg holes de visneto illo videre ten illud & noia illop [jin bri.7] Et sum eos p bonos sum qd tunc sint coram p*fato Justice nfo parati inde fe8e recogii; Et pone p vad & salv pleg pdcos B. St C. vel battios suos si ipi inventi non fSint qd tunc sint ibi auditur illam recogii. Et heas ibi suiii noia pleg Sc hoc bre. Daf apud Kamarvan [tali anno & tali die: vel alibi.*]

De Nova Diss* de Coinuna Pasture, sic :

Questus est nob A. qd B. & C. injuste &c. diss eum de cbmuna pasture sue in N. que ptinet ad libum ten suit in eadem villa, vel in alia si casus hoc velit, post pacem nram &c. Et ideo tibi pcipim9 qd si p>dCus

A. fec*it te secur [itc.ÕJ tunc fac xij lib See. videre pas- turam illam & ten & noia cop in bri, & sum eos p bonos sum qd sint coram [pfato Justic 10] Sec. parati inde fai?e recogn ; & pone p vad [& salv pleg Ò] pitCos

B. & C. vel battios suos si ipi inventi non fuint, qd tunc sint ibi audiend recogn illam. Et heas ibi, Sec. Dat, Sec. Vel sic : Questus est nob A. qd B. [injuste &c.'Ò] levavit vel pstravit quandam sepem vel quodda fossatu, vel obstruxit vtl artavit quandam viam, vel div'tit cursum cujusdam aque, vel levavit vel pstravit vel exaltavit quoddam stagnu, in N. ad nocumentu libi ten sui in eadem villa, vel in alia si cas9 sit, post pacem Scc. & ideo tibi ptipim9 qd si pdcus A. fecer te secur Sec.

' dicendo 1 presentes * in rotulo suo

* Justiciariš Rot. 2. J ullo 6 que

7 imbri Rot. 1.Ñinbn Rot. 2. [imbreviari] and so in other Instances. ¥ vt alibi; tali die, tali anno.

9 de clam suo ps Rot. 1. 10 Justic nro Rot. 1.

" Sec. Rot. 2. Ò Rot. t. omits.

part of the Father, and another on the part of the Mother shall appear, and say that they are of liisKindnd, and the uinc be testified by liege Subjects of the King, he shall straight cause their Names to be inrolled in this Koll. But if none of the Kindred should appear, it shall likewise be inrolled in his Roll that none doth appear ; that the Justice at his coming may the more clearly proceed in what is fit to be done thereupon. The Coroner also shall diligently make Inquiry of the happen.ing of the Accident, and the manner thereof; and according to what he shall find upon the Inquest, shall cause the same to be distinctly inrolled He shall likewise inquire who found the body, and cause his Name to be inrolled as above.

Moreover when a Thief, or Manslayer, or other MalefaCtnr shall fly to the Church, the Coroner, as soon as he shall be certified thereof, shall dire& the Bailiff of our Lord the King for that Commote to cause to come before him at a certain day the good and lawful Men of the neighbourhood ; and in their presence, after Recognition made of the Felony, shall cause the Abjuration to be made in this manner: That the Felon shall be brought out unto the Church Door, and a Sea Port shall be assigned him by the Coroner, and then he -hall abjure the Realm ; and, according as the Port assigned shall be far or near, the term shall be set for his going out of the Realm aforesaid: So that in journeying towards that Port, bearing in his Hand a Cross, he shall not in any maimer turn out of the KingÕs Highway, that is to say, neither upon the right hand nor upon the left, but shall always hold to the same until he shall depart the Realm.

The Forms of the KingÕs Original Writs to be pleaded in Wales.

The Writ of Novel Disseisin for a Freehold, whereof any Freeholder shall have been disseised unjustly, and without Judgement.

The King to the Sheriff of Anglesey, Greeting. A. hath complained unto us that B. and C. unjustly, and without Judgement, have disseised him of his Freehold in N. after the Proclamation of our Peace in Wales, in the eleventh year of our Reign. And therefore We command you, that if the aforesaid A. shall give you Security to prosecute his Claim, then you shall cause the said Tenement to be reseised of the Chattels that shall have been taken in the same; and the same Tene.ment with the Chattels to be in peace until a certain day, whereof our Justice shall give you Notice. And in the mean lime cause twelve free and lawful Men of that neigh.bourhood to view that Tenement, and their names to be put in writing. And summon them by good Summoners that they be then before our Justice aforesaid, ready to make Recog.nition thereof: And put by Gage and Safe Pledges the afore.said B. and C. or their Bailiffs, if they be not found, that they be then there to hear that Recognition. And have there the Summoners, the Names of the Pledges, and this Writ. Dated at Karnarvon such a day and year. (Or elsewhere.)

For Novel Disseisin of Common of Pasture, thus :

A. hath complained unto Us that B. and C. unjustly, Sec. have disseised him of his Common of Pasture in N. that is appurtenant to his Freehold in the same Town ; or in another, if so be the case ; after our Peace, Stc. And therefore we command you that if the aforesaid A. shall give you Security, &c. then you shall cau>e twelve free, See. to view that Pasture and the Tenement, and their names to Ire put in Writing; and summon them by good Summoners to come before the aforesaid Justice, &c. ready to make Recognition thereof ; and put by Gage and safe Pledges the aforesaid B. and C. or their Bailiffs, if they be not found, that they be then there to hear that Recognition. And have there, 8cc. Dated, &c. Or thus : A. hath complained unto us that B. unjustly, &c. hath raised, or pulled down, a certain Hedge, or a certain Fence, or hath obstrufted or narrowed a certain Way, or hath turned aside the Course of a certain Water, or hath made or pulled down, or made higher, a certain Pond in N. to the Nuisance of his Freehold in the same Town ; or in another, if so be the case ; after our Peace, &c. And therefore we command you that if the aforesaid A. shall give you security, &c. then you shall cause


Sanctuary.

Ahjuring the Realm.

VI.

Writof Novel Disseisin fur a Freehold.

For Common of Pasture.

For a Nuisance.

twelve, 8cc. to view that Hedge or that Fence, or that Way, or Watercourse, or that Pond, and the Tenement, and their names to be put in writing. And summon them, 8cc. to come before our Justice, 8cc. ready, 8cc. and put by Gage, &c. the aforesaid B. or his Bailiff', &c. that he be then, &c. and have, &c. Dated, &c. And the Forms of the Writs shall be changed according to the Diversities of the Cases.

Writ of

Mortdan-

cestor.

Patent for

Assizes, to try Novel Disseisin.

Writ to the Sheriffs.

The Form of Writs shall be applied to each Case.

General Writ of Disseisin.

Writs of Mortdancestor.

The King to the Sheriff, Greeting. If A. shall give you Security to prosecute his Claim, then summon by good Sum.moned twelve free and lawful men of the neighbourhood of N. to come before our Justice, ready upon their Oath to make Recognition whether B. the Father of the aforesaid A. was 3eised in his Demesne as of Fee of such a Manor with the Appurtenances, or of so much Land with the Appurtenances, in N. on the day when he died ; and whether he died since the Proclamation of our Peace in Wales, in the eleventh year of our reign. And whether the same A. be his next Heir. And in the mean time let them view that Manor or that Land, and cause their names to be put in writing. And summon by good Summoners C., who now holdeth that Manor, or that Land, that he be then there to hear that Recognition. And have there the Summoned and this Writ. Dated, &c.

And Letters Patent shall be made in these woras, until our Lord the King shall ordain otherwise: The King to his Justice, Greeting. Know Ye, that We have constituted you our Justice, together with those whom ye shall think fit to be associated unto you, to take the Assizes of Novel Disseisin and Mortdauncestor in the Parts of Wales. And therefore we command you that at certain days and places, which you shall therefore provide, you do take those Assizes; doing therein what appertained to Justice, according to the Law and Custom of our Realm. Saving unto us the Amercements and other things therefore due unto us : For we have given command to our Sheriffs, that they do cause those Assizes to come before you, at certain days and places which you shall for the same make known unto them. In witness whereof wc have caused these our Letters Patent to be made unto you. Dated, &c. Anil there shall be a Writ Close, by the Com.mand of the Justice to be directed to the Sheriffs in this Form: The King to the Sheriff, Greeting. We command you that you cause to come before our Justice at certain days and places which he shall make known unto you, all the Assizes of Novel Disseisin and Mortdancestor arraigned before the same Justice by our Writs, together with the original Writs, Attachments, and all other Proceedings concerning the said Assizes ; and this Writ. Dated, &c.

And the Form of the Writ shall be changed according to the Diversities of the Cases ; that is to wit, if the Mother, or the Brother, or the Sister, or the Uncle, or the Aunt were seised in Demesne as of Fee of the Thing demanded by Process of Mortdancestor, on the Day when they died. And when many Coheirs and Parceners of any Inheritance demand that Inheritance, that is to say, when one of them demandeth on the Death of Father or Mother, Brother or Sister, Uncle or Aunt, and another or others of those Coheirs demand on the Death of a Grandfather or Grandmother, or Cousin, Male or Female, a Writ of Mortdancestor shall be made to them upon their Case; because that Part of the said Writ that toucheth the kind of Ancestor who is dead, according to the Clause thereof commonly used, draweth unto it the Nature of other Articles touching Coheirs in remoter Degrees.

The General Writ; which in one Case concemeth the Right, and in another the Possession.

The King to the Sheriff, Greeting. Command A. that justly and without Delay he render to B. the Manor of N. with the Appurtenances whereof the aforesaid A. deforceth him, as he saith; and unless he shall so do, and if the aforesaid B. shall give you Security to prosecute his Claim, then summon by good Summoners the aforesaid A. that he be before our Justice, to shew wherefore he hath not done it. And have there the Summoners and this Writ. Dated, &c. Or thus: Command A. that justly, kc. he render so much Land with the Appurtenances in N. as before. And in like manner that Writ shall be granted before the Justices in the Bench, if the Demandant chooseth.

tuc fo? xij &c. videre sepem illam, vel fossatu illud, vel viam illam, vel c'sum illi9 aque, vel stagnu illud, & ten, & noia eop in bri. Et sum eos, &c. qd sint coram Justie [nris,'] &c. pati, See. & pone p vad, &c. p>d?m B. vel Battm, &c. qd tuc sit, &c. & tieas, he. Daf, &c Et mutent' forme brim s?dm dictates casuu.

Bria de Morte Antecessor.

Rex Vie, Saltm. Si A. fe&it te secur de clam suo ps tunc sum p bonos sum xij. libos & leg holes de vis- neto de N. qd sint coram Justie nro, pati sacro recog- noscere si B. pa? pdfi A. fuit seisit9 in dnico suo ut de feodo de maSio tali cu ptiii, vel de [tanta ?ra *] cu ptiii, (Õ) die quo obiit; & si obiit post pacem nram in Watt pclam anno regni nri undecio. Et si idem A. ppinquior heres ejus sit. Et in?im maSiu illud vel ter.ra m illam videant & noia eo£ in bri faciant. Et sum p bonos sum C. qui maSiu illud vel ?ram illam tenet qft tunc sit ibi ad audiend illam recogri. Et fleas ibi sum & hoc bre. Daf, &c. k fiant Lre Patentes sub hiis v^bis, quousqs Diis Rex aliud inde ordinaPit: Rex Jus.tie suo, Sattm. Sciatis qd constituim9 vos Justie nrm, una cu hiis quos vob [duexeritis *] assoc, ad ass Nove Disseisine k Mortis Antecessor in ptibj Watt cap. Et ideo vob mandam9 qd ad €tos dies & loca, quos ad hoc provideritis, Ass illas cap; feuri inde qd ad justiciam ptinet sedm legem & consuetudinem regni nri. Salvis nob aiSciamentis & aliis ad nos inde spectantiby: Man- davirn9 enim Vicebl nris qd ad ?tos dies & loca, quos ad hoc eis scire facietis, As*s illas coram vob venire fae. In cuj9 rei testimoniu has Iras nras vob fecim9 fieri Patentes. Daf, &c. Et fiat Bre clausum, ad mandatu Justie, dirigend Vice** sub hac forma. Rex Vie, Sattm. plcipim9 tibi qd oines as*s Nove Diss k Mortis Anteces.sors, coram Justie nro [arranatas5] p bria nra, venire foe coram eodem Justie ad c*tos dies & loca, quos tibi scire faciet, cu bribj originaliby attachis & omiby aliis adminictis deas asÔs [tangentibj 6] & hoc bre. Daf, kc. Et mutet' forma bris sedm divsitates casuu, vidett; si ma? vel fra? vel soror vel avuncts vel amita fuit seisit9 in dnico suo ut de feodo de [repetita 'J p viam Mortis Antecessor die quo obiit. Et quando plures cohedes k participes alicuj9 heditatis petunt ipam heditatem, vidett, quando un9 ipop petit de morte pns vel mris, fris vel sororis, avunculi vel amite, & alius vel alii ex ipis cohediby petunt de morte avi sui vel avie sue, vel consanguinei sui vel consanguinee sue, fiat eis bre Mortis Alices in suo casu ; quia ilia ps d?i bris que tangit nat'am Mort Alices, jux* artictm inde usitatu, att'hit ad se nat'am aliop articto^ [tangit *] co- fiedes in gÕdibj remocoribj.

Breve Comune; qd in aliquo casu tangit Jus, & in aliquo Possession?.

Rex Vi?, Sattm. Precipe A. qd juste & sine dilone reddat B. maniiu de N. cu ptiii, qd p*dcus A. ei defor? ut dicit; Et nisi fecÕit, & p>d?us B. fet?it te secur de clam suo ps, tunc sum p bonos sum p*dcm A. qd sit coram Justi? nro ostens quare non fec?it. Et heas ibi sum k hoc bre. Daf, kc. Vel sic : Precipe A. qd juste, &c. reddat B. tantu terre cu ptiii in N. ut sup*. Et simili? concedat' istud bre coram Justie in Banco si petens volSit.

1 nro 4 dux) itis * re petita

* tanto fre 1 arrannatas 1 tangenciu

> in N. Rot.1*

6 contingent:!)}


Breve de Dote in Watt.

Rex Vtff, Sattm. Precipe A. qd juste & (') dilone reddat B. que fuit ux C. ronabilem dotem suam, que earn contingit de libo tenemento quod fuit p*d& C. quondam viri sui in N. unde nichil bt ut dicit, & unde quern' qd pdfus A. ei deforC; et nisi fe?it & p>dca B. fec?it te secur de clam suo ps tunc sum p bonos sum (*) A. qd sit coram Justic nro, fee. ostens, &c. & heas ibi sum & hoc bre. Da!, &c. Et rnutet' forma bris sJdm divÕsitatem casuu; videit, si mulier dotata fSit ad hostiu ecclie, de assensu & voluntate pris, vel alPius antecessoris cuj9 hes esse poPit vel esse debet.

Breve de Debito.

Rex Vic, Sattm. Precipe A. qd juste & sine dilone reddat B. Centu solidos quos ei debet & injuste detinet ut dicit; & nisi fePit & p*dSs B. fec?it te secur de clam suo ps tunc sum p bonos sum pdCm A. qd sit coram JustiC nro ostensur quare non fe?it. Et heas ibi sum & hoc bre. Dat, &c. Et si catalla vel sacci lana^ exi- gantr fiat eis bre subscriptu : Rex Vif, Sattm. Precipe A. qd juste & sine dilone reddat B. unu saccu lane p>cii dece marcap que ei injuste detinet, vel catalla ad valenc decern marca£ que ei injuste detinet ut dicit; et nisi fePit (5) ut sup*. & fiant formte consitis biis, scdm ostensione petenciu & divVitates casuu ; & non fiant h9i bria [de debit 4] coram Justic* placitand de minori suma q*m de xl* solid, set ptita de debito que suina xl* solid no attingut in Coin plitent* & in comotis simitr. Et si forte petens ptitare voluit de h9i in Coniitatu tunc fiat ei tale bre qd vocat' [JustiC.1] Rex Vic, Sattm. Precipim9 tibi qd justic A. qd juste & sine dilone red.dat B. centu solid quos ei debet ut dicit, sicut ronabi- li? monstrare poPit qd ei reddere [debet ;6] ne amplius inde clam audiam9 p defcu justicie. Da!, fee. Vel sic : Qd reddat ei unu saccu lane pS x. m*rc que (Õ) injuste detinet, vel catatt ad valenc x. mÔrc, que ei injuste detinet ut dicit, sicut ronabiliP monstrare poPit, ne ampt, &c. Da!, &c. Et fiat inde Pone, si petat', sub hac forma: Rex Vi(5, Sattm; Pone, ad peticoem petentis coram Jus tiff, &c. tali die, loquelam que est in Com tuo p bre nrm in? A. & B. de debito centu sot, qd ide A. a pfato B. exigit; Et sum p bonos sum pdCm B. qd tunc sit ibi, pVato (Õ) inde respons; & heas ibi suih & hoc bre, Sc aliud bre. Da!, &c.

Breve de Convencoe:

Rex Vif, Sattm; Precipe A. qd juste & sine dilone teneat B. convencSem in? eos ffam de uno mes, x. acr tre, & v. acr [terre bosci,9] cu ptin in N. & nisi fePit, fee. tunc sum ('¡) p*dcÔm A. qd sit, &c. ostens, &c. Da!, &c. Et fiant bria de convencione scdm querimo- nias cont'henciu & diPsitates casuu [siv "] coram Justif, vel in Com, juxta petenciu voluntatem ; Et si volffint in Com ptitare fiat eis bre qd vocat' Justic ; Et postmodu inde poPit fieri Pone, si petat'.

Forma Bris de Attorn :

Rex Vif, Sattm ; Sciatis qd A. attornavit coram nob B. & C. ad lucÔnd vel pdend, in loquela que est coram vob p bre nrm, in? ipm A. petente & [A."]

1 sine

4 Rot. i. omits.

7 ei

10 p bo sum Rot. t.

Ô pdcm

3 Justicies Rot. t. * A

Ò sire

3 fee.

6 debeat Rot. j. È bosci ÒD.

The Writ of Dower in Wales.

The King to the Sheriff, Greeting. Command A. that justly Writ of and without Delay he render to B. who was the Wife of C. Dower, her reasonable Dower that to her belongeth of the Freehold that was the aforesaid CÕs, late her Husband, in N. whereof she hath nothing, as she saith, and whereof she complaineth that the aforesaid A. deforceth her; and unless he shall so do, and if the aforesaid B. shall give you Security to prosecute her Claim, then summon by good summoners the aforesaid A. that he be before our Justice, See. to shew, &c. and have there the summoners and this Writ. Dated, Sec. And the Form of the Writ shall be changed according to the diversity of the Cases ; to wit, if the Woman should have been endowed at the Church door, by the Consent and Will of the Father, or other Ancestor whose Heir he may be or ought to be.

The Writ of Debt.

The King to the Sheriff, Greeting. Command A. that justly yyrit of and without delay, he render to B. One hundred Shillings, Debt, which he oweth to him and unjuftly detaineth, as he saith; and unless he shall so do, and if the aforesaid B. shall give you Security to prosecute his Claim, then summon by good sum.moners the aforesaid A. that he be before our Justice to shew wherefore he hath not done it. And have there the summoners and this Writ. Dated, See. And if Chattels or Sacks of Wool should be demanded, the Writ shall be as underwritten:

The King to the Sheriff, Greeting. Command A. that justly

and without Delay, he render to B. one Sack of Wool of the

Value of Ten Marks, which he unjustly withholdeth from

him; or Chattels to the Value of Ten Marks, which he

unjustly withholdeth from him, as he saith. And unless he

shall so do, fee. as before. And the Forms of like Writs

shall be made according to the PlaintiffÕs shewing, and to

the diversities of the Cases. And such Writs of Debt to

be pleaded before the Justice, shall not be made of a less

Sum than Forty Shillings. But Pleas of Debt that amount jurj^;£tion

not to the Sum of Forty Shillings, shall be pleaded in the of County

County Court, and likewise in the Commote. And if it Court.

happen the Plaintiff should choose to plead of such in the

County Court, then let there be made to him this Writ, which

is called Justicies.

We command you, that you hold to justice A. that justly and 0f

without Delay, he render to B. One hundred Shillings which Jutticies. he oweth to him, as he saith, as he may reasonably prove that he ought to render the same ; so that we may hear no more Complaint thereof for Failure of Justice. Dated, fee. Or thus:

That he render to him a Sack of Wool, of the Value of Ten Marks, which he unjustly withholdeth ; or Chattels to the Va.lue of Ten Marks, which he unjustly withholdeth from him, as he saith, as he may reasonably prove; So that, fee. Dated, fee.

And a Pone shall be thereupon made if demanded, in this Form : The King to the Sheriff, Greeting. Put, at the request Pone, of the Plaintiff, before our Justices, fee. at such a day, the Plaint that is in your County Court by our Writ, between A. and B. of a Debt of One hundred Shillings, which the same A. demandeth of the aforesaid B. And summon by good sum.moners the aforesaid B. that he be then there to answer thereof to the aforesaid A. and have there the summoners and this Writ; and the other Writ. Dated, fee.

The Writ of Covenant.

The King to the Sheriff, Greeting. Command A. that justly and without Delay, he keep with B. the Covenant made between them of One Messuage, Ten Acres of Land, and Five Acres of Wood-Land, with the Appurtenances in N. And unless he shall do so, fee. then summon the aforesaid A. that he be, &c. to shew, &c. Dated, &c. And let Writs of Cove.nant be made according to the Complaints of the Contrafting Parties, and the Diversities of the Cases, whether before the Justice, or in the County Court, at the will of the Plaintiffs.

And if they choose to plead in the County Court, let them have the Writ called Justicies ; and thereafter a Pone shall be made, if it be demanded.

Writ of Covenant.

In theCounty Court, Ice.

The Form of the Writ of Attorney.

The King to the Sheriff, Greeting ; Know ye that A. hath Writ of before us made his Attornits B. and C. to win or lose in the Attorney. Plaint that is before you by our Writ, between the said A.

VOL. I.


Demandant and D. Tenant, of one Messuage with the Appur.tenances in N. and therefore we command you, that you do for this purpose receive the aforesaid B. and C. or either of them, if both cannot be present, in the place of him the said A. Dated, &c. And in the same Manner shall Writs of Attorney be made in other Cases, according to the Diversities of the Cases, and the Forms of the Writs.

Writ to choose a Coroner.

VII.

Trials.

Proceedings in Assise of Novel Disseisin.

Common of Pasture.

Other Writs of Assise.

Proceedings in Writs of Mortdan- cestor.

The Form of the Writ for choosing a Coroner.

The King to the Sheriff, Greeting ; We command you, that in your full County Court, and by the Assent of the same County, you cause a Coroner to be chosen; who having taken the Oath, as the Custom is, shall thereafter do and observe those Things that belong to the Office of Coroner in the aforesaid County; And that you cause to be chosen one, who hath best Knowledge and Ability to execute that Office ; And that you make known unto us his Name. Dated, &cc. And if he should be .sick, or should die, or for any other cause be unable to execute his Office, then let another Writ be made, changing what ought to be changed.

Of Pleas, some are to be determined by the Assize, some by Juries: By the Assise are to be determined;

WHEN one who is seised of a Freehold, being afterwards disseised by Force, demandeth Seisin to be restored to him, in this Case there is provided the Writ of Novel Disseisin, in the Form above written among the other original Writs of the Chancery : In like manner for Common of Pasture, when one being disseised of his Common of Pasture appurtenant unto his Freehold, demandeth Seisin to be restored to him; for this Case also there is provided the same Writ of Novel Disseisin, by the changing of certain Words in the Form above written among the other original Writ3 of the Chancery ; wherein the Proceeding is to be thus: First, the Sheriff, having taken from the Plaintiff two Pledges to prosecute, shall cause to be chosen Twelve free and lawful Men, Sec. of the neighbourhood where the Tenement or Pasture lietli, and shall cause them to view the Tenement, and in like manner the Pasture, and shall attach the Disseisors as it is contained in the Writ: Afterwards, when the Parties and the Assise shall come before the Justice, the Plaintiff shall be asked of what Freehold or of what Com.mon of Pasture he complaincth that he is disseised; and ac.cording to his Complaint, and the Answer of the adverse Party, they shall proceed to the taking of the Assise, unless the Disseisor can say any thing wherefore the Assise ought to tarry. And if the Assise do pass for the Plaintiff, he shall recover his Seisin, together with the Damages taxed by the Assise, against the Disseisor; and the Disseisor shall abide in Mercy of our Lord the King, or shall be committed to Prison to be ransomed, if the Disseisin were done outrageously, and with an armed Force.

There are certain other Writs which are to be determined by the Assize, to wit, of a Pond made, pulled down, or raised higher ; of a Fence raised or pulled down; of a Hedge raised or pulled down ; of a Way obstructed or narrowed; of a Water Course turned aside; and according to the Diversity of the Cases, the original Writ shall be changed : Which Writs are contained above with the Writs of Novel Disseisin; and the Proceeding therein is after the same Manner as is above said in the Writ of Freehold, and of Common of Pasture: In the abovesaid Writs of Assise of Novel Disseisin, no Essoin or Delay lieth; but the Proceeding to do Justice beginneth on the first Day.

There is another Writ of Assises: When any one demandeth Seisin of a Tenement whereof his Ancestor died seised ; that is to say, the Father, Brother, Uncle, and Grandfather; for which case there is provided the Writ of Mortdancestor, in the Form contained in the aforesaid Roll among the other Writs. And it sometimes happeneth that Seisin of an Ancestor is demanded where the Ancestor hath not died seised, but was seised on the Day when he entered into Religion, or began a Pilgrimage, in which Journey he died ^ and then in place of the Clause, On the Day whereon he died, shall be put, On the Day whereon he entered into Religion, or began his Pilgrimage, 8tc. in which Pilgrimage, &c. and if, 8cc.

In this Writ of Mortdancestor the Proceeding shall be after this Manner: First, Pledges to proseute being found, and the Assise ele£led, and View made by the Jurors, the Tenant shall

tenente de uno mes cu ptin in N. & ideo vofe mandam9 qd p>dcos B. & C. vel al?um ipop, si ambo intesse non possunt, loco ipi9 A. ad hoc recipiatis. Da?, 8cc. Et eodem modo fiant Bria de Attorn in aliis casibj sedm divsitates casuu & formas breviu.

Forma Bris de Coronatore eligendo.

Rex Vic', Sattfii; Precipim9 tibi qd in pleno Com tuo, & de assensu ejusdem Com, eligi fa? unu Corona- torem, qui p*stito sacro put moris est, extuc faff & con- servet ea que ad officiu Coronator ptin in Coin p>dfo; Et talem eu eligi fa? qui melius sciat & possit officio illi intende; Et nome ejus nob scire fa£. Dat, &c. Et si ipe infirmet' vel moriat', vel ob aliquant aliam causam officio illi intendere nequiverit, tunc fiat aliud bre mutatis mutandis.

Ptito^, quedam bent tminari p Assisam, quedam p Juratas: P Assisam bent t minari;

Cu quis seisitus de libo ten postea p vim disseisit9 petit seisinam sibi restitui, & in hoc casu pvisu est bre de nova disseisina in forma in? alia bria originalia Cancellarie sup'seripta -. Simili? de comuna pasture, cu quis disseisit9 de comuna pasture sue, ptinente ad libum ten suu, petit seisina sibi restitui; & in hoc casu pvidet' idem bre de nova disseisina, p mutacoes quon.dam v*bo£, in forma in? alia bria originalia Cancellarie sup'seripta; in quib3 (1) sic est pcedend: P'mo, re- ceptis a querente duobj pleg de ps, Vic faciat eligi xij. libos & legates holes, &c. de visneto ubi ten vel pas- tura existit, & faciat eos videre ten & sintilr pastura & attachiet disseisitores put continet' in bri: Postea cu ptes & assTa ve8int coram Justic querat' a querente de quo lib ten vel de qua coa pasture querit' se disseisiri, & sedm ejus querimonia & responsione ptis advise pce- datr ad capc&em assie, nisi disseisitor aliquid sciat di?e quare ass* debeat remanere. Et si ass' faciat p querente, recupet querens seisinam suam, simul cu dampnis taxatis p assisam $sus disseisitorem, & dissei.sitor remaneat in fiiia Dni Regis, vel comittat' gaole re- dimendus si disseisina fca fSit enormi?, & vi armata.

Sunt quedam alia Bria que p Assisam habent Pminari, vidj, De Stagno levato, pstrato, exaltato ; De Fossato levato vel pstrato ; Sepe levata vel pstrata; De via obstrufta vel artata ; De c'su aque di?so ; & sCdm di?- sitatem casuu di?sificetr bre originale. Que quidem bria cu brib3 de Nova Dissia [supius continet';'] Et eodem modo sicut sup'dem est in bri de libo ten & coa pasture est pcedend in eisdem : In sup'dcis Bribj Assise Nove Dissle nullu jacet Essoniu seu Dilacio, set p'ma die pcedat' ad Justiciam faciend.

Aliud est Bre [Assisop3 ] quando aliquis petit Seisi.nam ten, un antecessor suus obiit seisit9 ; videlt, pa?, fra?, avuncts & avus; in quo casu pvisum est Bre Mort antecesso^ in forma in? ceta bria [jn Ro?lo pMCo *] con- tenta. Contingit eciam aliquando qd petit' seisina ante- cessop in casu quando antecessor no obiit seisit9, (*) die quo bitu religionis suscepit, vel it peg'nacois arripuit in quo itinSe obiit; & tunc loco illius clausule, die quo obiit, pona' die quo bitu religionis suscepit, vel i? pegrinac&is &c. in quo itin!e, &c. & si te, &c. In isto bri (Ô) antecessors sic est pcedend: p'mo inventis pleg de ps, & etca assisa & visu f?o a juratory, sumoneat' tenes p

1 brevibj

t

s set fuit seisitus

* in pdeo rotulo vt supius ptinent'.

. vt supius in rotto pnotato

¥ mortis


duos bonos & leg summonitor qd sit coram Jus tie ad ftum diem, & contineat sumonicio xv. dies ad minus ; ad que diem si veSit jjcedat JustiS in officio suo exe- quendo. Et si ad diem illu non veniit puniat' p defalta sua, scdm qd continet' in lege Walensica, sciit p tres vaccas vel p p'ciu eapdem ; & resumon p alios duos sumon, sumonicbe sitr continente spaciu xv. dieru sicut p)d£fm est; ad quern diem [si'] veSit sive non, pcedat Justie ad officiu suu faciend; nisi fec?it se essoniare de ult* mare, & tunc dabitr ei spaciu xl. dieru ut possit bre Eb & Flod ; set caveat sibi qui se sic essoniavit, qd si existens infra quatuor maria de ult* mare falso se essoniavit, et sup hoc convincat' p bona pbacionem vel p bonam inquisic&em, puniatr tanq*m p defalta, p'mo p miam (*) qd continet' in lege Walensica, & p>cludetr ei via aliquid dicendi corn* Assisam, nisi vocare possit ad warantu. Et sciend qd nec in bn mortis ancessoris nec [alioJ] bri de plio tVe jacet aliquod Essoniu, nisi tin Esson de ult* mare, & hoc anteq*m tenens vel deforc appareat in Cur; Et esson de Svicio Dni p, qd jacet in omi loco ptiti cu Rex illud warantizare volSit; set caveat sibi qd falso n5 faciat se essoniare de €vicio Dni ; Quia si defidat de waranto puniat' p [defalta *] p miam Diio Regi dandam scdm legem Walcnsicam, & Vsus ptem adVsam de expensis sibi refundendis de ilia jorneta scdm dis- crecione Justie. In istis bribj Mori Ancessor sic est peed: Lefto pÔmo bri in quo continet' peticio petentis querat' a deforciante si quid sciat di€s quare assia debeat remanere; qd si nesciat, capiat Justiciar assÒm p Juratores qui meli9 sciant Vitatem scdm forma bris. Et si ass* t*nseat p petente adjudicet' petenti seisina cu Dampnis tax p Juratores, & Deforcians remaneat in mia Dni Jfc. Multa quidem potest Deforcians di?e con* AssTam; potest enim vocare ad warantu, et tuc expe&and9 est advent9 Waranti, qm Justie fac venire, pÔmo p unam sum & si necesse sit p resum sicut dem est de principali deforciante, & p defalt puniat' sicut p>d£m est: post resum si nondum veSit nec se esso- niaVit pcedat Assisa Vsus eu p defaltam. Et si Ass* t*nseat p petente adjudicet' petenti seisina rei petite, & deforcians heat de tra Waranti ad valenciam. Si vero Warantus veSit & petat sibi ostendi p quod de.beat warantizare, optet qd Vocator ostendat cartam que faciat mencionem de [Warencia,5] vel de Dono fCo a Waranto vel antecessore suo cuj9 hes ipe est, in quo fiat mencio qd de feofatore & ejus hedibj tenere debeat; vel qd ostendat qd Warant9 (6) seisit9 de homagio suo p tenemento petito; qd het inquiri, si dedicat', p eos in quop psencia dicet se fecisse homagiu, simul cu aliis libis & leg hoiby juratis ; vel qd teneat [tementu7] illud in excambiu p alio ten: si p ista potit deforcians du2e Warantu suu ad warantizand remanebit in mia quia [deduxit *] warantizare ; Et nichilomin9 consi- dabitÕ qd warantizet & respondeat ad Assisam si volSit. Multa alia potest deforcians dice cont* Assisam, vidett, qd antecessor de cuj9 morte, &c. comisit feloniam p' qua fuit suspens9, utlagat9, vel tanqÔ public9 latro fugiens & [jure9] non parens decapitat9, vel si con- fitens feloniam coram Coronatore Walliam abjuravit: potest eciam Deforcians obi<?e petenti bastardiam, & tunc mandabit1 Ejx> loci qd rei Vitatem sup hoc in- quirat & c?tificet inde capitalem Justid Watt; Et sddm qd Epus VdficaVit pcedet' ad judm sine capcbe assle:

1 sive 1 scdm

* in aliq¡ Rot. i.Ñin alio Rot. a. 4 defaltis

s Warancia 4 sit 7 tenements

1 dedixit Èjuri

be summoned by Two good and lawful Summoners, that he be before the Justice at a certain Day; and the Summons shall contain Warning of Fifteen Days at the least ; at which Day, if he come, the Justice shall proceed in the Execution of his Office. And if he come not at that day, he shall be punished foT his Default according to the Provision of the Welsh Law, that is to say, by Three Cows or the Value thereof; and he shall be summoned again by Two other Summoners, by a Summons containing the like Warning of Fifteen Days, as before is said ; at which Day, whether he come or not, the Justice shall proceed to do his Office, unless he shall cause himself to be essoined for being beyond Sea, and then there shall be given him the space of Forty Days, so that he have Ebb and Flood; but let him that shall so essoin himself, beware: For if, being within the Four Seas, he falsely essoin himself for being beyond Sen, and be thereof convi£t by good Proof, or by good Inquest, he shall be punished as for a De.fault, at the first by Amerciament, according to what is con.tained in the Welsh Law; and also, he shall be estopped from saying any thing against the assise, unless he can vouch to Warranty. And be it known, that neither in the Writ of Mortdancestor, nor in any Writ of a Plea of Land, doth any Essoin lie, except only the Essoin of being beyond Sea, and this before the Tenant or Deforciant appeared) in Court; and the Essoin of being in the KingÕs Service, which lieth in every stage of the Plea when the King shall be pleased to warrant the same: but let him beware that be doth not falsely cause himself to be essoined of the King's Service; for if he should fail of the King's Warranty, he shall be punished for his Default by Amercement to be made to our Lord the King, according to the Welsh Law, and by paying to the adverse Party his Expences of that Day, according to the Justice's discretion. In these Writs of Mortdancestor, the Proceeding shall be after this Manner : First, the Writ being read wherein is contained the Claim of the Demandant, the Deforciant shall be asked if he can say ought wherefore the Assise ought to tarry : Which if he cannot, the Justice shall take the Assise by the Jurors who may best know the Truth, according to the Form of the Writ. And if the Assise pass for the Demand.ant, Seisin shall be adjudged to the Demandant with Damages taxed by the Jurors, and the Deforciant shall abide in the King's Mercy. But the Deforciant may alledge many Things against the Assise; for he may vouch to Warranty, and then the arrival of the Warrantor is to be waited for; whom the Justice shall cause to come by one Summons at the first, and if it be necessary by Re-summons, as hath been said in the case of the principal Deforciant; and he shall be punished for a Default as is aforesaid: if after Re-summons he come not, nor shall essoin himself, the Assise shall proceed against him by Default. And if the Assise pass for the Demandant, Seisin of the thing in question shall be adjudged to the De.mandant, and the Deforciant shall have to the Value, of the Land of the Warrantor. But if the Warrantor come, and require to have that shewn him whereby he ought to warrant, it behoveth the Voucher to shew the Deed, that maketh men.tion of the Warranty, or of a Gift made by the Warrantor or his Ancestor whose Heir he is, wherein it is declared that he ought to hold of the Feoffor and his Heirs; or, to shew ihat the Warrantor were seised of his Homage for the Tenement demanded ; which is to be inquired of, if it should be denied, by those before whom he shall say he did the Homage, to.gether with other free and lawful men sworn; or, that he holdeth that Tenement in Exchange for another Tenement: if hereupon the Deforciant can bring his Warrantor to war.rant, he shall abide in the King's Mercy, because he hath denied the Warranty: Yet nevertheless it shall be considered that he may warrant, and make Answer to the Assise, if he choose.

The Deforciant may alledge many other Things against the Assise; to wit, that the Ancestor of whose Death, &c. committed Felony, for which he was hanged, outlawed, or as a publick Thief escaping, and not obedient to the Law, beheaded; or that he abjured Wales, upon Confession of the Felony before the Coroner: The Deforciant may also object Bastardy to the Demandant; and thereupon the Bishop of the place shall be direfted to make Inquiry of the Truth of the Fa£t; and thereof to certify the Chief Justice of Wales; And according to what the Bishop shall have certi- fied, they shall proceed to Judgment, without taking the Assise:

Essoins.

Proceedings on Trial ot Writs of Mortdan.cestor.

Warranty.

Other Defences of the Defor.ciant.


VIII.

Of Inquests, Juries, and Trials.

In Real Actions.

Summons and Default.

Declaration.

Causes of Suit.

View.

Deforciant'

Warranty.

And if the Bishop return that he is a Bastard, he shall be estopped from making the Demand ; And if he return that he is legitimate the Justice shall cause the Deforciant to come by Summons, and if it be necessary, by Re-summons ; reserving to the King as hath been often said, the Amercement for De.fault } After the Resummons, whether he come or not, the Demandant shall recover his Demand by the BishopÕs Testi.mony, whose Testimony shall not be gainsayed ; and he shall remain in the KingÕs Mercy. Many other things he may al.ledge, which it is hard to enumerate ; as that the Ancestor on whose Death the Assise is arraigned was a Villain, and held the Land in Villenage; or that he held it at Will, or for Term of Life, or Years : In which cases the Assise of Mort- dancestor lieth not. And the abovesaid Assises of Novel Dis.seisin and Mortdancestor ought not to be taken but in their proper Counties, lest the Country should be overcharged with trouble and expence; but the Assises shall be taken by the Justice twice, thrice, or four times in the Year.

It hath been treated in part of Writs and Assises, and of the Proceeding therein : It behoveth now to speak of Pleas that are to be determined by Inquests or by Juries: Whereof some are of Things immoveable as of Tenements, or of Moveables, as of Debts and Chattels, some of both Kinds, some of Tres.passes: But first, something is to be said of Tenements and immoveable Things ; For which there is a Writ provided, the Form whereof is contained among the other Writs of those Parts ; The Process upon that Writ is such; First, there being found Pledges to prosecute, the Sheriff shall cause the Tenant to be summoned by good Summoners, that he appear at a certain Day; at which Day if he come not, he shall be sum.moned again for another Day ; and if he come not at the second Day, he shall be summoned to appear at a third Day ; at which Day if he come not, nor cause himself to be essoined, Seisin shall be awarded to the Demandant by Default, and the Deforciant shall abide in the KingÕs Mercy; Reserving never.theless unto the King the Amercement for every Default, as hath been said before.

Now when the Deforciant shall appear, by reason that the PlaintiffÕs Demand cannot be known from the Words of the Writ, for that the Causes of suing are many, and almost in.finite, it is necessary that the Demandant should count against the Deforciant, and express the Cause of his Demand, and this by Words that contain the l ruth, without Exception to Words: Not following that hard rule, He who fails in a Syllable, fails in the whole Cause.

Of the Causes of Suit, what they may be and ought to be, it is fit that something should be briefly said. Oftentimes the Demandant hath Right by this, that his Ancestor held the Land in Demand, and was thereof seised as of Right and Fee; and then the Demandant must count of the Descent of Kin descending to himself. It happeneth also that a man demiseth Land for Term of Life or Years, after which Term the Land ought to revert to himself or his Heirs; Or likewise that it ought to revert to him, after the Death of a Woman Tenant in Dower; or as an Escheat after the Death of his Tenant, being a Bastard, because such an one cannot have other Heir than one lawfully begotten of his own Body ; Or, after the Death of his Tenant, who hath committed Felony : In any of the four Cases aforesaid, or where, after the Death of any one the Land ought to remain unto another by the Form of the Gift, in these Cases and the like, the Demandant shall de.clare his Demand according to his Case; and in these Cases and the like, wherein the aforesaid Writ is to be used, that, and none other, shall be used: And the DemandantÕs Count being heard, the Tenant shall have a view of the Land, if he require it, and a Day shall be given within which the View shall be had; and at the Day given after the View, the t Deforciant shall make Answer; who may vouch to War.ranty by the Aid of the Court, as it hath been said in the Writ of Mortdancestor; and the Justice shall cause the War.rantor to come, as he caused the Principal, by one Summons, and if it be necessary by a second and a third ; at which, if he come not, he being punished upon every Default, as is aforesaid. Seisin of the thing in question shall be awarded to the Demandant for the Default of the Warrantor; and the Deforciant shall have to the Value of the Land of the Warrantor, and the Warrantor shall be in Mercy. If the Warrantor come and freely warrant, he shall be received to an.swer and defend the Plea, without having a View of the Land.

& si Epc mandat qd bastardus est p>cludatÓ ei via pe- tendi; & si mandat qd legitim9 est Justie fac venire deforif p sum, & si neCce sit p resum, reservata ^ mia p defalta ut sepe defm est: Post resum sive veriit sive non recupabit petens demandam suam, p testimoniu Epi cuj9 testioio non creditÓ in contr*iu; & remanebit in mia [L Multa alia potest di<?e que difficile eet enu fare; sicut antecessor de cuj9 morte Assia arran- nata est fuit villan9 & Pram tenuit in villenagiu; vel qd tenuit ad voluntatem, vel ad Pminu vite vel annop; in quib3 casibj Assia Mortis Antecessoris non jacet. Non debent aute sup*dce asste nove disseTe & mortis Antecesso^ capi nisi in ppriis Coni ne pria laborib; et expensis fatigetÕ; set p Justic capiant' Assie bis, ter, vel quater in anno.

Diftu est in pte de bribj [Assisop 13 & de pcessu eapdem : modo dnd est de ptis [qui *3 t minari tient p inquisicbes seu p juratas ; Ouo£ quedam sunt de reb; immobilibj sicut de ten, sive de mobile sicut de debitis & catatt, qued de utrisq,, quedam de tÒnsgressionib3: Set pÕmo de ten & immobile aliquid est dicend ; De quib3 pvisum est bre cuj9 forma in? ce?a bria pciu illap continetÕ; pcessus isti9 bris est tal; Primo inventis pleg de ps Vic fac sum p bonos sum tenente, qd sit ad Ptum diem, ad quern si non veniit [J fiat alia su- monicio ad aliu diem, & si ad sedii diem non veSit sunioÓ qd sit ad [eftum *3 diem, ad quern si non veSit J j nec se essoniari fe?it adjudicabitÕ petenti seisina p de- faltam, & deforc remanebit in mia [T, reservata nichi- lomin9 mia Regi p quatt defalta ut p*dcm est. Cum x?o DeforC compSit quia p vba bris non potest sciri pe- ticio petentis, eo qd multe & quasi infinite sunt rones petend, necce tiet ille qui petit qd narret ?sus deforc, & exp mat ronem peticois sue, & hoc p vba vitatem con- tinencia sine caliipnia Pbop, no observata ilia dura con- suetudine qui [cadat5 3 a sillaba [cadat5 3 a tota causa.

De fonib3 petendi, quales sint & esse debeant, expedit qd aliquid sub brevitate dicat'. Multociens het petens jus p hoc qd antecessor suus tenuit terram petitam, & fuit inde seisitus ut de jure & de feodo ; & tunc necce het petens narrarc descensu pentele descendendo ad ipm. Contingit eciam qd aliquis dimittit tram ad tminu vite vel anno£, post quern tmiii ad ipm vel ad hedes suos fra debet revti; vel eciam debet ad ipm revti post morte mulieris tenentis in dotem ; vel tanqÕm escaeta post morte tenentis sui bastardi, quia aliu non potest here hedem nisi de corpe suo legitie pcrcatu j vel post mortem tenentis sui felonis; in quatuor casiby p*dfis, vel post mortem alicuj9, debet terra remanere alii p formam donaebis, in [hiis 63 casib3 & sitib3 exp'mat pe.tens peticbem suam sedm casum suu, & in casib3 illis & consitib; quib3 utend est bri j?dco, illo & no alio utatÕ: & audita [rone73 petentis heat tenens visu terre si petat et del' dies infra que fiat visus; Et ad diem datu post visu respondeat deforc, qui vocare potit ad warantu p auxiliu Cur, sicut dem est in bri (*) mort anteces ; Et Justiciar facial venire Warantu sicut ve.nire fecit p'ncipalem p una sumofi; Et si ne£?e sit p sedam & t ciam, ad [que!3 si n5 venlit, punit9 tamen p quatt defalta ut pddm est, adjudicabitÓ petenti sei.sina rei petite p defaltam Waranti; Et Deforcians heat de ?ra Waranti ad valenc, & Warant9 sit in mia. Si Warant9 veSit & g tis warantizav^it recipiet' ad re- sponsione & placiti defensionem sine visu fre hendo.

1 que 3 Rot. I. omits.

3 cadit 6 istis Rot- I ¥

' de Rot. i. i qui

' Assisaj,

* 2ciu Rot. 2. 7 narracone

9

ft

i

K

is

is

l

A

X

f


Si autem warantizare dedixerit, deducatÕ pfitu de waran- tia inter eos, scdm qd dCfm est sup* in bn (') anteces. Si aute defor? excipiat cont* petentem qd antecessor suus, cuj9 seisinam petit, vel aliquis in descendendo fffit bas- tardus, ita qd ab ipo vel p [modu Õ] ipius nichil potest ei descendere, audiatÕ; vel ostendat cartam antecessoris sui de feoffamento, vel alicuj9 in descendendo de quieta damancia : et p uni9 ptis affirmac&em & alPius negacio- nem descendant ptes ad legal inquisicSem, & p veredfm inquisicois PminetÕ ptitu; quia plita de terris in ptibj istis non bent Pminari p duellu, neq^ p magnam assiam. Eodetn modo si excipiat qd antecessor, vel aliquis in descendendo, comisit felonia p quod sibi non competit accio; in quo casu si ille cui hoc opponitÕ neget poci9 bet negociu tminari p recordu Justic vel inqui- sicois prie de suspensione, (Õ) & eciam p recordu Co- ronatop de utlagaria & abjuracoe. Simitr in peticSe tenementi qd debet revVi post Pmiii p>?itu vel p modu donacois, p affirmacbem uni9 ptis & p negac&em alPius descendatÕ ad inquisicoem prie (*) p vdcm ejus judicet'.

De alio articlo scifj de mobilibj debitis sive cat est dicend; sup quo pvisu est bre de debito in forma p*scripta; in hoc bn, sic est pcedend. Primo inventis plegde ps sumoneatÕ debitor & reus, qd sit coram Justic ad flum diem, ad que si non venlit iPum sumoneatÕ, & si ad scdm diem non venlit nec se essoniav*n adjudicet' petenti debitu p defalta, simul cu dampn p discrecoem Justic vel p inquisicoem pne p voluntate Justic, & debitor remaneat in mia Reg; reservata Regi semp ihia p qualt defalta. Si v*o debitor venlit necce bt aftor exp'mere peticbem & ronem sue peticois, vidj qd teneÕ ei in centu marcis quas sibi accomodavit cuj9 solonis dies pPik; vel p Pra vel p equo vel p aliis rebj seu catatt quibuscuq, sibi [vendiderit,5] vel p arrerag reddit9 no pvenientibj de tenementis vel de aliis cont'ftibv j sup quibj nedde bet pd u?e sectam, vel cartam obligacois, vel ftatt*] ostendere: Audita & intettca petic&e & eciam rone pe- tentis respondeat [debito7] qui si debitu recognoscat [abjudicetÕ'] & levetÕ de Pris Sc cat, &c ; Si neget debitu & pferatÕ corn* eu obligacio sua, oportet sc'ptu Pificari p testes noiatos in obligacoe, si sint supstites, simul cu pria; Et si non sint testes noiati, vel si fSint mortui, verified' solumodo p priam, & scdm vWcm prie pce- datÕ ad judm. Si vero querens non beat obligacoem, set tmmodo pducat seflam vel talliam, poPit ps advsa defendere se ei in nullo tenli, & hoc defendere p legem, scilt p ppriu sac'mentu, cu xj secu jurantibj, vel p priam put eligle vol&it. Contingit aliquando qd de.bitor confitetÕ qd aliqn debuit ei debitu, & allegat so- lucbem ; tunc optet ostendere quietanciam de solucone, vel poftt petens defendere p legem se nichil recepisse, vel eciam p priam, See. Istud bre de debito non concedatÕ de minori suma qÔm quadragint solid ; quia de miori debito plitant in Com sine [brib3 Õ] & p bre.

De Pcio articlo in quo pvisum est bre de convencione, p quod petuntÕ aliquando mobilia, aliquando immobilia, p vim convencois inite in? ptes que legi derogat, in forma in [loco,0] pnotato conscripta. Processus isti9 bnÕs talis est: Invent p'mo pleg de ps sumonebitÕ reus semel, & si nefee sit sedo, & si ad scdm sumonicoem non veSit nec se essoniaPit, audiatÕ peticio & racio pe- tentis & capiatÕ res petita, si sit tenementu, in manu JJr, 1

1 de mortc Õ mediu

J 8c de decjpitacone 4 Sc

> venditis Rot. i.Ñvend Rot.l.

6 talliam 7 debitor

¥adjudicetÕ Èbrevi 10 rotulo Rot.l.

But if he shall deny the Warranty, the Plea of the Warranty shall be carried on between them, after the manner above di- re&ed in the Writ of Mortdancestor. But if the Deforciant except against the Demandant, that his Ancestor whose Seisin he demanded), or any one in the Descent, were a Bastard, so that nothing can descend from him or through him, he shall be heard; Or he may shew a Deed of Feoffment of his An.cestor, or of Quit Claim of any one in the Descent: And upon the Affirmation of the one Party and the Denial of the other, the Parties shall descend to the lawful Inquest: and by the Verdifl of the Inquest shall the Plea be determined) because Pleas of Land in those Parts are not to be determined by Battle, nor by the Grand Assise. So if he should except that the Ancestor or any one in the Descent committed Felony, whereby the Aflion lieth not for him j in which case, if he to whom this is opposed denieth it, the matter ought rather to be determined by the Record of the Justice, or of the In.quest of the Country of the hanging and beheading, and also by the Record of the Coroner of the Outlawry and Abjuration. In like manner, on the Demand of a Tenement that ought to revert after a term past, or by the Condition of the Gift, upon the Affirmation of the one Party and the Denial of the other, they shall descend to the Inquest of the Country, and accord.ing to their Vcrdifl shall the Judgment be.

Concerning the other Article, to wit, of Moveables, Debts, and Chattels, it remaineth to speak ; for which there is pro.vided the Writ of Debt in the Form above written) in this Writ, the Proceeding shall be after this manner. First, there being found Pledges to prosecute, the Debtor and Defendant shall be summoned to be before the Justice at a certain day, at which if he come not, he shall be summoned again ., and if at the second day he come not, nor essoin himself, the Debt shall be adjudged to the Plaintiff by Default, together with Damages, at the discretion of the Justice, or by the In.quest of the Country, at the will of the Justice, and the Debtor shall abide in the KingÕs Mercy ; reserving always to the King the Amercement for every Default. But if the Debtor appear, the Plaintiff must then declare his Demand, and the cause of his Demand; that is to say, that he is indebted unto him in an Hundred Marks which he lent him, the Day of Payment whereof is past-, or for Land, or an Horse, or for other Goods or Chattels whatsoever sold to him; or for the Arrears of a Rent not growing out of Tenements) or upon other Confratts} whereupon he must produce his Suit, or shew the Deed of Obligation or Tally : The Demand being heard and understood, and also the Declaration of the Plaintiff, the Debtor shall answer thereto; and if he acknowledge the Debt, judgement shall be given against him, and it shall be levied of his Goods and Chattels, &c) if he deny the Debt, and his Bond be brought forth against him, the Writing must be verified by the Witnesses named in the Bond, if they be living, together with the Jury -, and if there be no Witnesses named, or if they should be dead, it shall be verified by the Jury only; and according to their Verdi& shall Judgement be awarded. But if the Plaintiff have not a Bond, but produce his Suit only or a Tally, the adverse Party may deny that he is indebted tš him in any thing, and make his Defence by Wager of Law, that is, by his own Oath and eleven others swearing with him, or by the Country, at his eledfion. It happeneth sometimes that the Debtor confesseth that he did once owe the Debt, and alledgeth Payment thereof} in this case he must shew an Acquittance of the Payment, or else the Plaintiff may deny, by Wager of Law, that he hath received ought, or likewise by the Country, See. This Writ of Debt shall not be granted for a less Sum than Forty Shillings ) for of a less Debt the Plea shall be in the County Court, either with Writ or without.

CONCERNING the Third Article ) in which there is pro.vided the Writ of Covenant, whereby sometimes Moveables are demanded, and sometimes Immoveables, by force of a Cove.nant entered into between the Parties, which may differ from the Law, in the Form described in the Place before n?-ied. The Proceeding upon this Writ is thus: First, there being found Pledges to prosecute, the Defendant shall be summoned once, and if it be necessary a second time) and if he come not upon the second Summons, nor essoin himself, the Demand and Declaration of the Plaintiff shall be heard) and the thing demanded shall be taken into the KingÕs hand, if it be aTene-

Vol. I.


______________________________

Issue.

IX.

Trials in Personal A&ions.

X.

Of Coven ants and mixed A&ions.

-AD. 1284.

XI.

Of penonal Trespasies.

ment j and if it be a Chattel, that or its Value shall be taken into the KingÕs hand, and another day shall be given him ; And if within fifteen days he shall replevy the thing so taken into the KingÕs hand, and appear at the day given him, he shall be received to answer and defend ; but if not, the Plain.tiffÕs Demand shall be awarded to him by Default, together with Damages taxed, as is said before in the Writ of Debt. And he shall remain in the King's Mercy: Saving always to the King the Amercement for the Default as aforesaid. The PlaintiffÕs Complaint being heard, and the Declaration of his Demand, the Defendant shall make answer; and upon the Affirmation of the one Party and the Denial of the other, they shall proceed to the Inquest, and the Business shall be determined by the Inquest of the Country. And it is to be known that sometimes a Freehold is demanded by the Writ of Covenant; as where any man letteth Land to another to farm, rendering therefore a certain Rent, under a Condition added thereto in the writing of Covenant, that if he be not satis.fied for the Rent, it shall be lawful for him to enter into the Land that he hath demised, and to hold the same; If he to whom the Land hath been demised do not pay the Rent, and he who hath demised it hath not the means of entering into the Land demised, according to the tenor of his Writing, by reason of the Power of his Adversary, in this Case he ought to recover the Tenement by the Writ of Covenant, together with Damages. Where sometimes a Covenant is made between Parties, that the one shall infeoff the other of a certain Tenement, and shall deliver Seisin unto him at a certain day, if afterwards he should transfer that Tenement by Feoffment to a third Person, since he cannot annul that Feoffment by virtue of the first Contract that was not carried into effeft, in that case the injured Party cannot have other Redress by Writ of Covenant, but this only, that he have a Satisfaction in Money for his Damages; and thus in one case there lieth an Aftion to demand a Tenement by Writ of Covenant, and in another case Money or Damages, or the Tenement. And for that Contracts in Covenants are infinite, it would be difficult to make mention of each in particular; but according to the Nature of each Covenant, by the Affirm.ation of the one Party and the Denial of the other, it will either come to be tried by Inquest upon the FaCt, or it will come to an Acknowledgment of the Writings brought into Judgement, and according to that Acknowledgment Judge.ment will be awarded; or the Writings will be denied, and then it will come to an Inquiry into the making of the Writings, by the Witnesses named in the Writings, if there be such, together with the Jury : And if there should be no Witnesses named, or they should be dead, then by the Jury only.

CONCERNING the Fourth Article, to wit, personal Tres.passes : Whereof it is provided. That all Trespasses wherein the Damages do not exceed Forty Shillings shall be pleaded before the Sheriff in the County Court without Writ, by Gages and Pledges: Trespasses that exceed the Sum of Forty Shil.lings, shall be pleaded before the Justice of Wales, after this manner: The Plaintiff, before he be heard by the Justice, shall swear that his Demand exceedeth the Sum of Forty Shillings; and this being done, and Pledges to prosecute found, the Jus.tice shall command the Sheriff or Bailiff of the place, that he cause to come before him, within a short term, him of whom Complaint is made; and the PlaintiffÕs Complaint being heard, the Defendant shall make his Answer : And since in a Plea of Trespass the Defendant can hardly do otherwise than make his Defence by the Country, the Justice, by Consent of Par.ties, shall make Inquiry of the Truth by lawful Inquest ; and that Inquiry made, if he find the Defendant guilty, he shall punish him by Imprisonment, or by Ransom, or by Amerce.ment, and Payment of Damages to the injured Party, ac.cording to the Quality and Quantity of the Offence: So that this Punishment be for example to others, and make them fear to offend: and whereas mention is made above of the Consent of Parties, it may happen that the Defendant will refuse the Trial by the Country; in which case, if the Plaintiff offer to verify the Trespass done unto him by the Country, and the Defendant refuse the same, he shall be taken for convidt, and shall be punished as though he were convidt by the Country.

& si fSit catallu illud vel ejus valor capiatÕ in manu |jk, & detr alius dies ; & si infra xv. dies replegiaPit rem sic in manu pt captam, & ad diem sibi datu veSit, admittat' ad responsionc & defensione; sin aute ad- judicet' petenti sua peticio p defaltam simul cu dampnis taxatis sicut sup* dicitÕ in bn de debito, & reraaneat in ihia Reg salva semp pr mia p defalta ut p*dicitÕ. Audita querimonia [querentis 'J & rone sue peticois re- spondeat defendens ; & p affirmacione uni9 ptis & nega- cione alPius pcedi potit ad inquisicoe & p inquisicoe prie poPit negociu Pminari. Et sciend est qd p bre de convencoe aliquando petitÕ libum tenements; ut in casu quando aliquis dimittit tram alti reddendo inde quandam c?ta firma, appoita condicione in scripto con- vencionis qd nisi ei satisfcfm fSit de firma, liceat ei Pram quam dimisit ingredi & tenere ; si ille cui Pra ilia fSit dimissa non satisfePit de firma, & ille qui dimisit non bet potestatem, sedm tenorem scripti sui, ingrediendi Pram quam dimisit, pp? potenciam sui ad- Psarii, in hoc casu p bre de convencoe recupare debet tenementu simul cum dampnis. Aliquando cu con- veniat in? aliquos qd un9 feoffabit aliu de aliquo tenemento, et ad Stum diem ei seisina faciet, si post- modu t'nstulerit illud tenementu in tciam psonam ipm feofando, cu non poPit illud feoffamentu p priorem con- t*£tu ad effedu non pduttu infirmari, non poPit in ista casu (Õ) cui fit injuria p bre de convencione subvenin', nisi in hoc tin ut [satisfiat3] ei de dampn in pecunia;

& sic in casu conpetit accio petendi tenementu p bre de convencoe, & in casu pecuiam seu dampn sive tene.mentu. Et quia infiniti sunt contÕctus convencionu difficile esset faSe mencoem de quott in speciali; set sedm natÕam cujuslibet convencionis, p affirmacoem uni9 ptis & negacionem alPius, aut [pvenitÕ *] ad inquisicoem faciend sup f?o negotii, aut [pveitÕ4] ad cognicbem sc'ptop in judicio plat op, & sedm illam cognicoem erit judicand, aut negabunt' scripta & tunc pveietÕ ad inquirend de confeccbe sc'pto^ p testes in scripds noiatos, si fSint, simul cu patria ; Quod si testes non fuint nolati, vel eciam mortui, tunc solumodo p patria.

De Quarto artido, vidett, de t'nsgressionibj psona- libj ; de quib} pvisu est qd oines tÕnsgressiones unde dampna non excedunt xl s. placitentÕ coram Vic in Com sine bri p vad & pleg: TÕnsgressiones que excedunt sfimam xl. s. ptitentÕ coram Justic Wallie sub hac forma : Qd anteq'm Jusdc? eu audiat juret querens qd accio sua [excedat sumaxl. s. & hoc fco & pleg invent de ps pcipiat Justic Vi? vel Battio loci qd in brevi Pmio fa? venire coram eo eu de quo fit que.rimonia ; & audita querimonia aftoris respondeat reus: & cu vix in piito t*nsgressionis evadere poPit reus quin defendat se p patriam, de consensu parciu in- quirat Pitatem Justic p bonam patriam j et inquisita Pitate si inveSit reum culpabilem, castiget eu p priso- nam, vel p redempeoem, vel p miam & p dampna leso restituenda, sedm qualitatem & qÕntitatem delicti: Ita qd castigacio ilia sit aliis in exemplu, et timore pbeat delinquendi: et quia d?m est sup* de consensu parciu, contingfe [potat6] qd reus refutabit inquisi- coem prie, in quo casu si aftor tÕnsgressione sibi fcam offerat Pificare p patriam, & reus patriam refuPtait, heat' p convicto & puniatÕ sicut si convidt9 esset p priam.

1 petentis Rot.i. 1 ei

> satisfaciat Rot. i. * pvenictÕ

s excedit valorem 6 pofit


h

fc

*È

s

ft

'll

ill

itii

IÈU

ci'n

h

H

**k

"a

P*

šfi

a 2 but,

an.

i*

J

as

Slip

5E

pi

F-

at

Coi

sk

k

4

H

i

f

res:

is

È

]S2È

S>

Et quia muliere* non extiPant dotate haften9 in Watt Rex concedit qd dotent'. Duplex est dos mulieris, una est assignacio rcie ptis toci9 Pre que fuit viri sui in vita sua, sup quo fiat bre de ronabili dote, alibi in suo loco cu cePii bribj Watt ex possum. Processus isti9 bris est talis: Inventis pleg de ps sumoneat' deforcians qd sit ad Sum diem, ad quem si non veffit i?um sumo- neat', ad quem diem si non veniit adjudicet' mulieri dos sua, scitt Pcia ps 8cc. simul cu dampn &c. Si vero defendens veSit admittat' ad responsionem sine visu Pre tiendo, & formats petiefte mulieris dicat' tenenti qd re.spondeat si sciat aliquid di8e quare ipa dotem here non debeat, qui si nichil sciat di?e recupet mulier ut sup*. Si forte obiciat qd non debeat dote here, eo qd nunq*m fuit tali qm ipa vocat viru legitio mfimonio copulata, et tunc mandabit' Epo qd sup hoc inquirat Pitatem: Et inquisita Pitate Ptificet Just if Watt. Et sfdm C*tificac6em Epi pcedat' ad judm in hac forma j Si EpC Sificet qd non f2it ux tima pclusa erit ei via hendi dotem; Si Sificet qd fSit ux tima sumoneat' tenens qd sit ad Sum diem auditur judm suu; ad quem diem si non veSit i?um sumo' qd sit ad aliu diem, ad quem diem, sive veSit sive non, nullo essonio allocato, recupabit mulier dotem suam Sc dampna, Sc tenens in mia. Salva semp rriia p defalt. Si vero obiciat qd non debeat dotem here, eo qd vir suus die quo earn desponsavit nec unq*m postea tenuit tene.ments unde petit dotem, in feodo, ita ut earn inde dotare potuit h9i rei v^itas p priam solumodo est inqui- renda Sc p Pedum prie ad judm erit pcedendu. Si obiciat' ei qd no debet dotem here, eo qd vir suus comisit feloniam, tunc si constiPit de felonia dotem non recupabit. Simil? si obiciat' ei qd vir suus amisit Pram de qua petit dotem p judm ut illam in [quam'] jus non huit, hoc convi&o p recordu Justif, si dedicat', coram quibj Pra ilia fuit amissa, vel p priam si in Gain vel miori Cur fuit amissa, p*clusa erit sibi via de dote henda. Alia dos est quando filius dotat uxem suam de voluntate pns sui; forma cuj9 bris in? ce?a inveniet'; cuj9 pcessus talis est: Sumo' deforcians sicut in alio brevi de dote [si vero ÔJ & eodem modo puniet' contu- mada sicut in alio bn de dote ; si vero ad diem sibi datu veSit tunc formata petic&e mulieris respondeat, & (J) dedicat' dotacio ffa in dca forma, & consensus dota- c6is, & convinci poPit p priam qd vir dotavit earn ad hostiu ecctie de tenemento pris sui, et qd pa?, psona- li? vel p spalem nunciu ad hoc missum, consensit illi do- tacioni, recupabit mulier (*) & dampna. Sciend eciam qd in utroqs bri potest tenens vocare ad warantu p auxiliu Cur, & pcedet' in plito warantie sicut p>dcm est; set est differencia in casu isto de dote & in casu supius p p^cipe, ubi tmznat' modus pcedend in warantia; quia ibi in illo casu petens semp recupat rem petitam & tenens de Pra Waranti ad valenciam : In casu de dote alio modo est, [quia *] tenens tenebit in pace, 8c mulier hebit de Pra Waranti ad valen.ciam dods petite, dum tamen tenens heat de t ra viri sui ad valenciam unde hoc fieri possit, alias vero non. De modo dods ali? assignande nichil ad presens.

Quia ali? usitatu est in Wall q*m in Angl quoad succession^ heditads, eo qd heditas ptibit est in? hedes masculos, 8c a tempe cuj9 no exddt memoria pdbit

.qua 1 ReM.Cs'2. omit.

j si Ç dote . qd Rot. I.Ñq Rot- a*

AND whereas heretofore Women have not been endowed in Wales, the King granteth that they shall be endowed. The Dower of a Woman is two fold : One is an Assignment of the Third Part of the whole Land that belonged to her Husband which were his during Coverture, whereof there lieth the Writ of reasonable Dower, elsewhere described in ita place, with the other Writi for Wales. The Proceeding in this Writ is thus: There being found Pledges to prosecute, the Deforciant shall be summoned to appear at a certain day, at which if he come not, he shall be summoned again ; at which day, if he come not, the Woman shall have her Dower awarded unto her; that is to say, the Third Part, Dec. together with Damages, 8tc. But if the Defendant appear, he shall be received to answer, without having a View of the Land ; and the WomanÕs Demand being made, the Tenant shall be di.rected to answer, if he can alledge any thing wherefore she ought not to have her Dower; and if he can alledge nothings the Woman shall recover as abote. If he should objed that she ought not to have her Dower, because she was never espoused in lawful Matrimony to him whom she calleth her Husband, then the Bishop shall be charged to make Inquiry of the Truth thereof: And that Inquiry made, he shall certify it to the Justice of Wales. And according to the Bishop's Certificate, shall the Proceeding to Judgement be, after this manner: If the Bishop certify that she was not the lawful Wife, she shall be foreclosed of her ACtion of Dower } if he tiertify that she was the lawful Wife, the Tenant shall be summoned to appear at a certain day to hear his Judgement} at which day, if he come not, he shall be summoned unto another day; at which day whether he come or not, there being no Essoin allowed, the Woman shall recover her Dower and Damages -, and the Tenant in Mercy. Saving always to the King the Ametcement for Default. But if he objed that she ought not to have her Dower, because her Husband did not hold the Tenement whereof she demandeth Dower, either on the day when he married her or at any time after, in Fee, so that he could thereof have endowed her; the Truth of this fad is to be inquired of by the Country only and according to their Verdid shall the Judgement be awarded. If it be objeded unto her that she ought not to have her Dower, because her Husband committed Felony, then if the Felony be proved, she shall not recover Dower. So if it bo objeded unto her that her Husband lost the Land whereof she demandeth Dower by Judgement, as that whereunto he had not Right; if this be denied, and be proved by the Re.cord of the Justices before whom that Land was lost, or by the Country if it were lost in the County or inferior Court, she shall be precluded from having her Adion of Dower. The other Dower is when a Son endoweth his Wife by the Assent of his Father | the Form of the Writ whereof is to be found among the rest ; wherein the Proceeding is after this manner: The Deforciant shall be summoned as in the other Writ of Dower, and in like manner his Contumacy shall be punished, as in the other Writ of Dower; but if he come at the day given him, then the WomanÕs Demand being made, he shall answer thereto ¥, and if the Endowment made, in the said Form and the Consent to the Dower be denied, and it be established by the Country that the Husband did endow her at the Church door of his FatherÕs Tenement, and that the Father, in his own Person or by a special Messenger therefore sent, did consent to that Dower, the Woman shall recover her Dower and Damages. It is also to be known that in either Writ the Tenant may vouch to Warranty, with the Aid of the Court, and the Proceeding in the Plea of Warranty shall be as is before directed ; but there is a Differ.ence between this Case of Dower and that above by Praecipe, where tbe Mode of Proceeding endeth in the Warranty; because there the Demandant in that case always recovereth the thing demanded, and the Tenant, out of the Land of the Warrantor, to the Value: In the Case of Dower it it other.wise, because the Tenant will keep his Land in Peace, and the Woman will have to the Value of her Dower demanded, out of the Land of the Warrantor; provided that the Tenant hath of the Land of her Husband to the Value whereby this may be done, but if otherwise, not. Concerning other Assign- ment of Dower, there is nothing said for the present.

WHEREAS the Custom is otherwise in Wales than in England, concerning Succession to an Inheritance, inasmuch as the Inhertance is partible among the Heirs Male, and from Time whereof the Memory of Man is not to the contrary


xir.

Of Dower.

XIII.

Inheritance bv the Law of Walei confirmed; except as to Bastards and Females.

XIV. Trials of the Realty to be by Jury; in Personals, by the Law Çf Wales.

In Crimes the Law of England to take place.

hath been partible, Our Lord the King will not hare that Custom abrogated ; but wilkth that Inheritances shall remain partible among like Heirs, as it was wont to be, and Parti.tion of the same Inheritance shall be made as it was wont to be made; with this Exception, that Bastards from hence.forth shall not inherit, and also shall not hare Portions with the lawful Heirs, nor without the lawful Heirs. And if it happen that any Inheritance should hereafter, upon the Failure of Heir Male, descend unto Females, the lawful Heirs of their Ancestor last seised thereof, We will of our especial Grace that the same Women shall have their Portions thereof, to be assigned them in our Court, although this be contrary to the Custom of Wales before used.

AND Whereas the People of Wales have besought us that We would grant unto them, That concerning their Possessions immoveable, as Lands and Tenements, the Truth may be tried by good and lawful Men of the Neighbourhood, chosen by Consent of Parties ; and concerning things moveable, as of Contrafls, Debts, Sureties, Covenants, Trespasses, Chattels, and all other moveables of the same sort, they may use the Welsh Law, whereto they have been accustomed ; which was this, that if a Man complain of another upon Contracts or things, done in such a place that the PlaintiffÕs Case may be proved by those who saw and heard it, when the Plaintiff shall establish his Case by those Witnesses, whose Testimony cannot be disproved, then he ought to recover the thing in Demand, and the adverse Party be condemned} and that in other Cases which cannot be proved by Persons who saw and heard, the Defendant should be put to his Purgation, sometimes with a greater Number, sometimes with less, according to the Quality and Quantity of the Matter or Deed : And that in Theft, if one be taken with the Mainour, he shall not be ad.mitted to Purgation, but be holden for convict: We, for the common Peace and Quiet of our aforesaid People of our Land of Wales, do grant the Premises unto them : Yet so that they hold not place in Thefts, Larcenies, Burnings, Mur.ders, Manslaughters, and manifest and notorious Robberies, nor do by any means extend unto these; wherein We will that they shall use the Laws of England, as is before declared.

And therefore We command you that from henceforth you do stedfastly observe the Premises in all things. So notwith.standing that whensoever and wheresoever and as often as it shall be our Pleasure, we may declare, interpret, enlarge, or diminish the aforesaid Statutes, and the several Parts of them, according to our mere Will, and as to us shall seem expe.dient for the Security of Us and of our Land aforesaid.

In Witness whereof our Seal hath been affixed to these Presents. Given at Rothelan on Sunday in Midlent, in the Twelfth Year of our Reign.

exdtit, Dns Rex non vult qd consuetudo ilia abroget' set qd Meditates remaneant ptibiles in? consites ftedes sicut esse consuevit, & fiat [porcio heditatis illi9 sicut fieri consuevit; hoc excepto, qd bastardi n5 tieant decePo fteditates, & eciam qd non tieant decePo ppartes cu legiSs nec sine tlmis. Et si forte fteditas aliqua [ex nunc'] p defeu hedis masculi descendat ad timas mulieres tiedes ultimi antecessor sui, inde seisiti, volum9 de gra nra spali qd eedem mulieres legitime heaiu ppartes suas inde sibi in Cur nfa assignandas, licet hoc sit cont* consuetudine Walensicam antea usitata.

Et quia Waienses nob supplicarunt ut eis concedam9 qd de rebj suis immobilibj, veluti de Pris k ten, inqui- ratr Pitas p bonos it legales holes de visnetp, de consensu pcium ele&os, & de mobilibj sicut de cont*&ibj, debitis, fidejussioniby, covencionibj, tÒnsgressionibj, catatt & omib? aUis hujusmodi mobilibj, uti possunt lege Walen- sica, qua uti consuevÕunt ; que talis erat, qd si aliquis conquereretÕ de alio de cont'cHbj vel feis in tali loco qd posset intencio querentis pbari p videntes & audientes, cu querens p hujusmodi testes quo^ testimoniu repbari no possit pbav'it intencionem suam, recuparet rem peti- tarn & condempnaret' pars advÕsa; & in aliis, que non possent pbari p videntes & audientes, esset pars defendens ad purgacocm suam, aliquando cu ptibj aliquando cu paucioribj, sedm qualitatem & qÕntitatem rei vel fiS. Et in furto, si furtu [inveniat*J] in manu, se p'gare non posset set p convi&o habetr: Nos p comuni pace & quiete pddi ppli nostri Pre nre Wallie pmissa eis con. cedim9 : Ita tamen qd ea in furtis lat¡ciniis Incendiis murdris homicidiis & roberiis maifestis & notoriis locu no fteant, nec ad ea aliquaten9 se extendant; in quibj volum9 qd utatr legibj Angt put supi9 est expssum.

Et ideo vob mandam9 qd pmissa decepo in otnibj firmi? observetis ; Ita tamen qd quocienscumq, & quan- docutnq^ & ubicuq, nob placet possim9 pdCa statuta, & eop partes singtas declarare, inPpretari, addere, sive diminffe, p nre libito voluntatis, & put securitati nre k Pre nre p>dce viderim9 expedire.

In cuj9 rei testimoniu psentib} sigillu nrm est ap- pensum. Daf apud Rothelanu die dnica in media Quadragcsime, Anno regni nri duodecimo.

; particio 1 extuc Rot. i.

j f inveneret' Rot. I.

\ inveniret' Rot. 2.

Annexed to the Roll or Skin of Parchment on which the foregoing Statute it entered at the Tower, is a Writ of

the 28 th of Edward III. in the following IVords :

Edwardus Dei gra Rex Angt & Franc! & Dns Hibn, Thes & Baronibj suis de ScÕcio, Saltm. Quibusdam Ptis de causis vob mandam9 qd T*nscriptu cujusdam Statuti apud Rudland in Wallia, anno regni Regis Edwardi avi nri duodecimo editi, penes vos in Sc*cio pdeo residentis ut dicit', nob in Cancellariam nram sub sigillo ejusdem Sc*cii distinfte & apte sine ditone mittatis & hoc bre. T. me ipo apud Westfn xviij. die Maij, anno r. n. Angt vicesimo oftavo; r. vero n Franc quinto decimo. Claph.

On the said IVrit are the following Indorsements :

*2

o

r2

.?

O o

O 1^

cB c.

jL 2 Õ>

JS J* H O* w X X

*€ .2 Z ig .ti Ig .2

2 c o* c 3 w

_ 6 ic -S 'Z = _ S ~ .0 ¥{; 3 .S

€ S||

. *0

C ~

S.fi Re

CO C


l&Õtotetonea fee <n fccarfo.*

PROVISIONS MADE IN THE EXCHEQUER.

Ex Rot. Claus, u E. I. m. y. d.

RTheS & Baroniby suis de Sc'cio ac CaiQar suis ¥ sattm. Ut indempnitati nre & ppti Regni nn in aliquibj, que nos & pptm pdcm in sc*cio nro con- tingunt, pspiciat'; Volum9 & pvidim9 qd non scribant' decefo corpa Comitatuu in rotulis [annalibj,1] <3 scribant' in quodam rotulo (*) p se, & legant' singulis annis sup Compotu Vicecom, singula vidett, de singulis Comitaribj, ut sciat' si quid inde nob accidere possit ex quacuma causa. Remanencia vero fit-map eopde Com post trras datas, scribant' in rotulis annaUbj & orientÕ inde Vicecomites: In quibj quidem remanen- tib;, allocent' libacoes & elemosine constitute, & alie allocac&es si quas Vic habuerint de exitibj Battie sue p bria nra. Et quia ad suggestions div'sop ballivop fiunt bria nra de diesis allocacoiby, in g*ve dampnu nrm, volum9 & pvidim9 qd de hui9modi allocac&ibj sic faciend de cePo fiat visus in sc'cio, & huj9modi ?isu fideliP f?o, iidem Thes & Barones Pti fleet Can- cellar nrm de debitis allocacoiby faciendis, & fiant bria de AllocacSib} juxta ?tificac6em pdfam. Scribant' eciam in eisdem rotulis annalibj firme Viceconi, pfijf Com, firme serjantiap & assartop, firme Civitatum, Burgop, Villajs, & alie firme de quibj respons est annuatim ad sc*cm p>dcm. Item scribant' in eisdem omnia debita atPminata, omnia grossa debita, de quib3 spes est, qd aliquid inde reddi possit; Item omnia alia debita, que videntur esse clara. Cum vero pventu fuerit in Compot ad titulu de novis oblatis, nichil scribat' in rotulo annali, nisi ea de quib3 (!) Vid respondent, & debita inventa in originalib3 que vident' esse clara. De firmis vero mortuis & debitis de quib3 non est spes, fiat un9 rotulus & [intitulent'4] Comitat9 & legat1 singtis annis sup Compotu Vid j & debita de quib3 ViS respondent scribant' in rotulo annali, & ibi aquietent'. Item volum9 & pvidim9 qd proclamet' in singulis Comitatib3, qd omnes illi qui bent tallias de sc*cio de debitis suis vel antecessop suop ibidem ha&en9 solutis, nondu allocatas, que adhuc veniut in summonic&em scÕcii libent hui9modi tallias ViS suis al- locand ad sc*cm sup Compot suos; & f?dci ViS faciant illis a quib3 tallias sic recepint, scripturas suas testi- ficantes recepcbem talliap illap, summam & occÔonem debitors; InPsint eciam recepcbi talliap pdCap duo milites fideles ad hoc deputandi, in? quos & p*fatos ViS fiant cirog'pha de huj9modi recepcoe, sigitt eop al- ?natim munita. Prefati vero Milites ad hoc deputandi, mittant ad Sc'cm ad ?minu statuendu ptes suas ciro- g'phop p'dSojt in forma pdSa, ut p visum & testimoniu

1 singtis Lit. Scacc. X. ' annali Lit. Scacc. X.

Ô spes est, et Lit. Scacc. X. 4 irrotulent' Lit. Scacc. X.

THE King to his Treasurer and Barons of the Ex.chequer, (Õ) Greeting. To the Intent that Provision may be had for the Indempnity of Us and our People, in certain things touching Us and our People aforesaid, in our said Court of Exchequer ; We will and provide, That from henceforth the Bodies of Shires shall not be written in several Rolls, but shall be written in a certain annual Roll by themselves, and shall be read every Year upon the Accompts of Sheriffs; that is to wit, [of seve.ral Counties,1] that it may be known if aught may accrue unto Us (J) by any mean. The Remanents of the Ferms of the same Shires [shall be written post terras datas4] in the annual Rolls, and the Sheriffs shall be charged therewith : in which Remanents the Liveries and Alms assigned shall be allowed, and other Allow.ances, if Sheriffs have had any, of the Issues of their Bailiwicks by our Writs. And because [of the Sug.gestion of our Bailiffs,4] our Writs are made of divers Allowances, unto our grievous Damage, We will and provide, That of such manner Allowances so to be made, from henceforth View shall be made in our Ex.chequer ; and the same View being faithfully made, the same Treasurer and Barons shall certify our Chancellor of the due Allowances so to be made, and that Writs of Allowances shall be made according to the same Cer.tificate. Moreover, there shall be written in the same annual Rolls the Ferms of the Sheriffs, the Profits of Counties, the Ferms of Serjeanties and Asserts, the Ferms of Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and other Ferms, whereof there is Answer made yearly in the Exchequer. And in them also shall be written all Debts determined, all gross Debts, whereof there is hope that somewhat shall be paid ; and all other Debts that seem to be clear: But when it is come unto accompt to the Title of New Duties, nothing shall be written in the annual Roll, but those Debts whereof there is hope of Payment, and whereof the Sheriff is answerable, and Debts found in the Originals ('Õ). Of dead Ferms, and Debts desperate, whereof there is no Hope, one Roll shall be made, and [shall be intituled Comitatus, and read7] every Year upon the Accompt of Sheriffs; and the Debts whereof the Sheriffs are answerable shall be written in the an.nual Roll, and there shall be acquitted. Moreover, We will and provide, That it shall be proclaimed in every County, that all they that have Tallies of the Exche.quer, for the Debts of themselves or their Ancestors, hitherto paid usually there, and not yet allowed, which yet do come in the Summons of the Exchequer, they do deliver to the Sheriffs such Tallies, to be allowed at the Exchequer upon their Accompts; and the She.riffs shall make to them of whom they shall so receive Tallies their Writings, witnessing the Receipt of those Tallies, (Ò) and Occasion of the Debts: Two faithful Knights deputed thereunto, shall be present at the Re.ceipt of the Tallies aforesaid, between whom and the said Sheriffs Indentures snail be made of such Re.ceipts, [with9] the Seals of them both interchangeably. The foresaid Knights, deputed thereunto, shall send the Parts of their Indentures, at the Term appointed, unto

. and la tit Cbamterlaint,

* tact of its retpedivc County 1 thtrtfrom

4 after tie Grantt of the Landt, ehall te written 5 at the suggestion of divers Bailiffs 6 that seem clear

7 the Countiet thall te enrolled m it, and it tball he read > the Sum, 9 confirmed by

¥ This Title is from the Margin of the Close Roll. This Statute has been given in former Printed Copies as of the: Tenth Year of Edward I, with the Title of 4 Statutum Novum de Scaccario aliter di£tum Statutum de Rotelanda.

Exchequer called the Statute of Rutland.1

VOL. I.

T


How the Rolls shall be kept for each Shire.

Allowances and Amount of Farms and Debts.

A Roll of

desperate

Debts.

Tallies for Debts.

Indentures

thereof.

Hatring Tallies, and not delivering them.

Comrnisiiom to enquire of the King's Debt.,

Tallies to Sheriffs.

Inquiry as to Debtors not found, 8cc.

No Suit shall be prosecuted in the Exchequer, unless it concern the King, or his Officerxthere.

the Exchequer in Form aforesaid, to the end, that by the View and Witness of them, the said Tallies so re.ceived by the Sheriffs, may be shewed and allowed upon their Accompts. Moreover it shall be proclaimed, That except those that have such Tallies do deliver them to the Sheriffs and Knights, as afore is said, that then they shall be distrained for the whole Debt, and that the foresaid Tallies shall be reputed for unpaid. Moreover (1) the Debts which yet [are to come *3 in the Summons of the Exchequer, whereof the Debtors do proffer Tallies against divers Sheriffs, shall be de.falked and acquitted ; [Moreover we provide,3! That certain Persons assigned thereunto on our Behalf, shall be sent into every Shire, which shall have full Power to enquire of such manner of Debts; and also to call afore them [solemnly, as well the Sheriffs, as their Heirs and Assigns, and4] the Tenants of their Lands, in case they be dead that have received the Debts; and also, if need be, to proceed to the taking of [such manner of In.quests,Õ] whether the Parties, against whom the foresaid Tallies were shewed, do come or not; so that the Sheriff do return a reasonable Summons made to them there.fore ; and so the Truth being inquired and discussed in Presence of the Parties, if they will be there, the Inqui.sitors shall make Rolls [of them that shall be convift afore them ; so that the foresaid Debts being confessed and inrolled,6] the Tallies of the same shall be forthwith broken. And the Sheriffs shall have in their Custody the Transcripts of the same Rolls, under the Seals of the Inquisitors; and shall surcease in making Distresses for the Debts contained in the same, until they have otherwise in Commandment from Us therefore. And the foresaid Inquisitors shall send unto the Exchequer the foresaid Rolls under their Seals, that it may be examined there, by a Search to be made therefore, what Debts be paid in the Whole, and what are paid in Part, [and what Debts there be, whereof the Debtors be not acquitted,Õ] according as shall be convenient to be done. Moreover We will and provide, That the Chamberlains from henceforth shall not make to the Sheriffs, [or any of their Bailiffs,8] Tallies [of dividendis,9] unless they first receive of them [Writings containing the particular Sums of the Aftions of Debts,10] and the Names of them that paid them, [unto"] the which Particulars [he11] [may part the Names of such manner dividendis,'3] which being so received under their Seals, it shall not be lawful to [number Ò] them into other Particulars. Moreover We provide, That all Debts, whereunto the Sheriffs make Return, that the Debtors have nothing in their Bailiwicks, ne had not at such Time as they were charged with the same Debts, or that the Debtors be not found, that the same Debts shall be estreated (ls) in Rolls, and the same Rolls to be delivered unto faithful and circumspeft Men, which shall make Inquiry thereof after such Form as shall be provided by the Treasurer and Barons. [But for so much as certain Pleas were16] heretofore holden in the Exchequer, which did not concern Us nor our Ministers of the Exchequer, [whereby"Õ] as well our Pleas, as the Causes of our People, are unduly prorogued and letted ; We will and ordain, That (,8) no Plea shall be holden or pleaded in the Exchequer aforesaid, unless it do specially concern Us and our Ministers aforesaid. And therefore We command, That Ye cause the Premises to be distinctly and openly read afore you, and to inroll it, causing the same to be straitly observed in our Court of Exchequer aforesaid. In Witness of which, &c. [Yeven at Rut.land, the four and twentieth Day of the Month of May, in the tenth Year of our Reign.'9]

i that 1 come 3 We provide

* at well the Payed at the Sheriffs, thtir Hein and Httignt, or s Inquests

Ç 0J all Debts proved or eonjeued before them : and the laid Debtt

being inrolled, .

7 and what not} and the aforesaid Examination being made, the Sheriffi shall be charged and the Debtors acquitted,

È or any other Bailiffs whatever 9 to be divided

.e particulars containing the Sums and Occasiont of the Debts " into '*

¥i would have such Dividends parted ** change

¥È and written '6 Hnd whereas by certain Pleas

*7 Omit this Word. henceforth

10 Witness the King at Rothlan, the lyd day of March tn the nth Year of our Reign.

eopdem, dCe tallie p Vic sic recepte exhibeant3 sup compotos suos & allocent3. Proclamet' insup, qd nisi illi qui hent huj9modi tallias, lifeent eas Vicecom & militibj ut pdCm est, extunc distringent3 p toto debito, & qd tallie pdCe p non solutis reputabunt'. Ite ut debita que adhuc veniut in sumonicoem sc*cii unde de- bitores pferunt tallias cont* dipsos vicecom depurent' & aquietent3, pvidittius qd aliqui ad hoc assignandi ex pte nra mittant3 in singtis Comitatib} qui habeant plenam potestatem inquirendi de eisde debitis, & eciam vocandi coram eis tarn solventes q*m Vicecomites, heredes, as- signatos, aut tenentes tras eop, si ipi mortui fuerint qui huj9modi debita receperint; & insup pcedendi ad inquisicoem capiendam si necesse fuit, sive partes com* quas tallie p>dde fuerint ostense ven!int, sive non, testificata tamen pÔus p Vie sumonicoe eis ronabili? inde fta; & inquisita & discussa in psencia pciu, si in- Pesse voluerint, sup hiis veritate, faciant dci inquisi- tores rotulos de omnibj debitis coram eis conviflis vel confessis & irrotulatis debitis p>dds, statim frangant3 tallie eopdem. Vicecomites vero heant penes se sub sigift inquisitop t*nscÔpta rotulop pdeop; & supsedeant dist'cd&i faciende p debitis in eisdem contends, donc aliud inde a nob huerint in mandatis. Prefati quidem inquisitores mittant ad scÕcm sub sigitt suis rotulos suos (PdCos, ut ibi p scrutiniu inde faciendu examined que debita sunt in toto vel in pte soluta, & que non, & fCa examinacbe pklcfa onerent3 Vicecom & aquietent3 debitores, scdm qd p eande fu*it faciend. Ite volum9 & pvidim9 qd Caniarii non faciant de cePo Vicecom seu aliis quibjcumq, batfis tallias dividendas, nisi re- ceptis pri9 ab eis particulis, summas & occ'oes debi.top & noia ea solvenciu continentibj, in quas quidem ptictas velint huj9modi dividendas pardri, quibj sub sigitt eop receptis non licet eas in alias pdculas aliq'ten9 inmutare. Providim9 insup qd debita omnia ad que Vi2 respondent, qd debitores nichil hent in battis suis, nec huerunt tempe q¡ onati fuerunt de eisdem debitis, vel qd non sunt invend, ext'hant3 & scribant3 in rotut & t'dant3 rotuli illi viris fidelibj & circumspecds, qui inde faciant inquisicoem in forma p Thes & Barones pvidenda. Et quia p quedam placita in sc'cio nro hacten9 tenta, que nos seu ministros nros ej9dem sc'cii non contingunt, nfa (') & populi nfi negocia comunia indebite progant' & impediunt3; Volum9 & ordinam9 qd nullum placitum decePo teneat3 seu placitet3 in sc'cio pdco, Nisi illud specialit tangat nos, vel minis.tros nros p*d£os. Et ideo vob mandam9 qd pmissa coram vob distinfte & apte legi, rotulari & decePo ob- servari faciads, in Sc'cio pdCo. In cuj9 &c.l.R. apud Roth [xxiij die Marcii.1]

' placita Lib. Scacc. X,

(xxiv die Maii anno x¡. Cott. MS. Vesp. B.P1I¥ xxiij die Marl anno regni nri xij¡. Lib. Scacc. X.


Anno 13¡ EDWARDI, I. A.D. 1285.

Statuta ft egÕ 6DibarM

e&tta apuD 22Jcstmon tn idarleamento buo 0astl)Õ 3nno ftegnt eut ITtfo&ectmo :Ñxiij0.

STATUTES of KING EDWARD,

Made at Westminster in his Parliament, at Easter, In the Thirteenth Year of his Reign.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 46.*

CUM nup Dns Rex in quindena SCi Joins Bap.tiste anno regni sui sexto, Convocatis Prelatis, Comitib3, Baronibus & consilio suo apud Glouc, quia multi de regno suo exheredacom paciebant' eo qd in multis casibj ubi remedium apponi debuit prius non fuit p pdecessores suos aut ipm remedium pvisum, quedam statuta populo suo valde necessaria & utilia edidit, p que populus suus Anglicanus & Hibemic9 sub suo regimine gubematus celeriorem justiciam q*m prius in suis oppression^ consecutus est, ac quidam casus in quib3 lex deficiebat remanserunt non detmi- nati, Quedam em ad reprimendu oppression^ populi remanserut statuenda, Dns Rex in pleamento suo post Pascha anno regni sui Pciodecimo apud Westm, multas opp*siones & legum def&us, ad supplecom pMCop sta- tutop apud Glouc? editors, recitari fecit & statuta edidit ut patebit in sequenti.

IN primis, de tenementis que multociens dantr sub condicone, videlicet cum aliquis dat terram suam ali- cui viro & ejus uxi & heredib3 de ipis viro & muliere pcreatis, adjecta condicbne expressa tali qd si huj9modi vir & mulier sine herede de ipis viro & muliere pcreato obissent, terra sic data ad donatorem vel ad ejus he- redem revertat': ff In casu eciam cum quis dat tenem in libum maritagiu quod donu bet condicom annexam, licet non exprimatur in carta doni, que talis est, qd si vir & mulier sine herede de ipis pcreato obierint tenem sic datum ad donatorem vel ad ejus heredem rePtat': In casu eciam cum quis dat teneiiitu alicui & heredib5 de corpe suo exeuntib3, durum videbatur & adhuc vi- detur huj9modi donatorib3 & heredib3 donato^ qd vo.luntas ipo£ in donis suis expssa non fSit prius nec adhuc est observata: In omnib3 em p>dcis casib3 post prolem suscitatam & exeunte ab ipis quib3 ten sic fuit datum condicionaliter, hucusq, huerunt huj9modi feoffati potestatem alienandi ten sic datu & exheredandi de ten exitu ipop contÔ voluntatem donatop & formam de dono expressam : Et pterea cum deficiente exitu de huj9modi feoffatis tenem sic datum ad donatorem vel ad ejus he.redem rev\i debuit p formam in carta de dono expssam, licet exitus si quis fuerit obisset, p fcum & feoffamentu ijSo^ quib3 ten sic fuit datum sub condicone exclusi fuerunt hucusq^ de reversione eo^dem teii quod mani- feste fuit cont* formam doni sui: f*p? quod dns Rex, ppendens qd necessarium & utile est in pdas casib3 appoSe remediu, statuit qd voluntas donatoris scdm

WHEREAS of late our Lord the King, in the Quinzim of Saint John Baptist, the Sixth Year of his Reign, calling together the Prelates, Earls, Ba.rons, and his Council at Gloucester, and considering that divers of this Realm were disherited, by reason that in many Cases, where Remedy should have been had there was none provided by him nor his Predecessors, ordained certain Statutes right necessary and profitable for his Realm, whereby the People of England and Ireland, being Subjects unto his Power, have obtained more speedy Justice in their Oppressions, than they had before; and certain Cases, wherein the Law failed, did re.main undetermined, and some (Ô) remained to be enaded, that were for the Reformation of the Oppressions of the People: Our Lord the King in his Parliament, after the Feast of Easter, holden the Thirteenth Year of his Reign at Westminster, caused many Oppressions [of the People,] and Defaults of the Laws, for the Accom.plishment of the said Statutes of Gloucester, to be rehearsed, and thereupon did provide certain Ads, as shall appear here following.

FIRST, Concerning Lands that many times are given upon Condition, that is to wit, Where any giveth his Land to any Man and his Wife, and to the Heirs be.gotten of the Bodies of the same Man and his Wife, with such Condition expressed that if the same Man and his Wife die without [Heirs Õ] of their Bodies between them begotten, the Land so given shall revert to the Giver or his Heir: In case also where one giveth Lands in free Marriage, which Gift hath a Condition annexed, though it be not expressed in the Deed of Gift, which is this, That if the Husband and Wife die without Heir of their Bodies begotten, the Land so given shall revert to the Giver or his Heir: In case also where one giveth Land to another, and the Heirs of his Body issuing ; it seemed very hard, and yet seemeth to the Givers and their Heirs, that their Will being expressed in the Gift, was not heretofore, nor yet is observed : (3) in all the Cases aforesaid, after Issue begotten and born between them, to whom the Lands were given under such Con.dition, heretofore such Feoffees had Power to aliene the Land so given, and to disherit their Issue of the Land, contrary to the Minds of the Givers, and contrary to the Form expressed in the Gift: And further, when the Issue of such Feoffee is failing, the Land so given ought to return to the Giver, or his Heir, by Form of tbc Gift expressed in the Deed, though the Issue, if any were, had died: Yet by the Deed and Feoffment of them, to whom Land was so given upon Condition, the Donors have heretofore been barred of their Reversion, which was direttly repugnant to the Perm of the Gift: Wherefore our Lord the King, perceiving how necessary and expedient it should be to provide Remedy in the aforesaid Cases, hath ordained, That the Will of the

1 things * Heir 1 For

* Some Words illegible on the Roll are supplied from the Entry of this Statute in fo. 260,8cc. of Register A. in the Chapter House at Westminster; of which the Various Readings are also given. See the Note to the Statutes of Gloucester, ante page 45.


1.

Several Sorts

of Gifts of Lands upon Condition ;

In inch Gifts the DonorÕs Will shall be observed.

Writs of Formedon in Descender.

A Fine shall not bar the Heir in Tail.

II.

Mischiefs to Lords distraining their

Tenants; by Replevins.

A Recordare to remove the Plaint out of the County Courts.

Giver, according to the Form in the Deed of Gift ma.nifestly expressed, shall be from henceforth observed; so that they to whom the Land was given under such Condition, shall have ito Power to aliene the Land so given, but that it shall remain unto the Issue of them to whom it was given after their Death, or [shall revert] unto the Giver or his Heirs, if Issue fail [whereas'] there is no Issue at all, or if any Issue be, [and fail by Death, or Heir of the Body of such Issue failing.1] Neither shall the second Husband of any such Woman, from henceforth, have any thing in the Land so given upon Condition, after the Death of his Wife, by the Law of England, nor the Issue of the second Husband and Wife shall succeed in the Inheritance, but immediately after the Death of the Husband and Wife, to whom the Land was so given, it shall [come to their Issue, or return untos] the Giver, or his Heir, as before is said. And forasmuch as in a new Case new Remedy must be provided, this Manner of Writ shall be granted to the Party that will purchase it: [Precipe A. quod juste, &c. reddat E. manerium de F. cum suis pertinentiis, quod

C. dedit tali viro & tali mulieri, & haeredibus de ipsis viro & muliere exeuntibus.4] Or thus: [Quod C. dedit tali viro in liberum maritagium cum tali muliere, & quod post mortem praediftorum viri & mulieris, prae- difto B. filio eorundem viri & mulieris descendere debeat per formam donationis praediftae, ut dicit, &c. Vel, Quod C. dedit tali & haeredibus de corpore suo exe.untibus, & quod post mortem illius talis, praedifto B. filio praedifti talis descendere debeat per formam, &c.s] The Writ whereby the Giver shall recover, when Issue faileth, is common enough in the Chancery. And it is to wit that this Statute shall hold place touching Alienation of Land contrary to the Form of the Gift hereafter to be made, and shall not extend to Gifts made before. And if a Fine be levied hereafter upon such Lands, it shall be void in the Law ; neither shall the Heirs, or such as the Reversion belongeth unto, though they be of full Age, within England, and out of Prison, need to make their Claim.

FORASMUCH as Lords of Fees distraining their Tenants for Services [and Customs] due unto them, are many times grieved, because their Tenants do replevy the Distress by Writ, or without Writ; and when the Lords, at the Complaint of their Tenants, do come by Attachment into the County, or unto another Court, having Power to hold Pleas [of Withernam,6] and do avow the taking good and lawful, by reason that the Tenants disavow to hold ought, nor do claim to hold any thing of him which took the Distress and avowed it, he that distrained is amerced, and the Tenants go quit; to whom Punishment cannot be assigned for such disavowing by Record of the County, or of other Courts having no Record: It is Provided and ordained from henceforth, That where such Lords cannot obtain Justice in Counties and such manner of Courts against their Tenants, as soon as they shall be attached at the Suit of their Tenants, a Writ shall be granted to them to remove the Plea before the Justices, afore whom, and none other.where, Justice may be ministred unto such Lords; and the Cause shall be put in the Writ, because such a Man distrained in his Fee for Services and Customs to him due : Neither is this Aft prejudicial to the Law com.monly used, which did not permit that any Plea should be moved before Justices at the Suit of the Defendant; for though it appear at the first shew that the Tenant is Plaintiff, and the Lord Defendant, nevertheless, having respeft to that, that the Lord hath distrained, and sueth for Services and Customs being behind, he appeareth indeed to be rather Aftor, or Plaintiff, than Defendant.

1 either by reason that

1 it fail by Death, the Heir of such Issue failing.

> return to their Issue, or to

4 Command A. that justly, &e. he render to B. such a Manor with the Appurtenances, which C. gave to such a Man, and such a WOman, and to the Heirs of the said Man and Woman issuing.

5 Which C. gave to such a Man in free Marriage with such a Woman, and which, after the death of the aforesaid Man and Woman, to the aforesaid B. son of the aforesaid Man and Woman, ought to descend, by the Form of the Gift aforesaid, as he saith. Or, which C . gave to such a Man and the Heirs of his Body issuing, and which after the death of the said such a one, to the aforesaid B. Son of the aforesaid such a one, ought to descend by the Form, Vc.

6 of a forbidden or unjust taking,

formam in carta doni sui manifeste expressam de ce?o observed, Ita qd non heant illi, quibj ten sic fuit datum sub condicbne, potestatem alienandi ten sic datum quo- min9 ad exitu illo<5 quibj ten sic fuerit datum remaneat post eo£ obitum, vel ad donatore vel ad ejus heredem, si exit9 deficiat p hoc qd nullus sit exitus omino, vel si aliquis exitus fuerit, p mortem deficiet, herede huj9modi exitus deficiente. Nec heat dece?o seds vir huj9modi mulieris aliquid in ten sic dato p condicom post morte uxis ejus p legem Angt, nec exitus de sedo viro & muliere successionem hereditariam, set statim post mortem viri & mulieris quibj ten sic fuit datum post eoj> obitum vel ad eo<> exitu vel ad donatore vel ad ejus heredem ut pddum est revWur. Et quia in novo casu novu remedium est apponendu fiat impetranti tale breve: Precipe A. qd juste, See. reddat B. tale maSium cum ptinenc quod C. dedit tali viro & tali mulieri & heredibus de ipis viro & muliere exeuntibj, Vel, Quod C. dedit tali viro in liberum maritagiu cum tali muliere, & quod post mortem p>dcoj viri & mulieris p>dco B. filio pkitfop viri & mulieris descen.dere debet p formam donaconis pklce ut dicit. Vel, Quod C. dedit tali & heredibj de corpe suo exeun.tibj & quod post mortem ipius talis {PdCo B. filio p>d£i talis descendere debet p formam, &c. Bre p quod donator het recupare suu deficiente exitu satis est in usu in Cancellaria. Et sciendum qd hoc sta.tute quoad alienacbem ten cont* formam doni impos- terum faciend locum het, & ad dona p'us fafta no extendit'. Et si finis sup huj9modi ten imposterum levetur, ipo jure sit nullus, nc heant heredes aut illi ad quos speftat revÕsio, licet plene sint etatis in Angt & ext* prisonam, necesse appotJe clamiu suu.

Quia dm feodo^ distringentes tenentes suos p ^viciis sibi debitis multociens gravant' p hoc qd cum tenentes sui districcom suam p breve vel sine brevi replegiavW, ac ipi dni cum ad querimoniam teneciu suo$ ad Coin vel ad aliam curiam hentem potestatem placitandi placita de vetito namio, p attachiamentu veSint, & racionabilem & justam districcom advocavW, p hoc qd tenentes deadvocant nichil tenere nec clam tenere de eo qui districcbm fecit & advocavit, remansit qui distrinxit in niia & tenentes sui quieti, quibj p ilia deadvocacone p record Com sive alia£ Cur que record non hent pena infligi non potest: Deceto pvisum est & statutu qd cum huj9modi dni in Com vel hujusmodi Cur justiciam de hujusmodi tenentibj suis consequi non possint q*m cito attachiati fuerunt ad seftam tenenciu suop, concedatur eis breve ad po- nendu loquelam illam coram Justic, coram quibj & non alibi jnsticia huj9modi dnis exhiberi po?it; Et inseratur causa in bri quia talis distrinxit in feodo suo p 'sviciis & consuetudinibj sibi debitis: nec p istud statutu dero- gatur legi coi usitate que non pmisit ptitum aliquod poni coram JustiS ad peticom defendentis; quia licet prima facie videbat1 tenens aftor & dns defendens hito tamen respeftu ad hoc qd dns distringit & se- quitur p Sviciis & consuetud sibi a retro existentibj, realiter pocius appebit aftor sive querens q*m defendens.


Et ut in certo sint Justid de qua recenti seisina potunt dni advocare rac&nabilem districcbm sup tenentes suos, dece?o concordats est qd rac6uabilis districcb advocari potit de seisina antecessop suof vel p*decesso^ a tempe quo breve nove disseTe currit. Et quia aliqn contingit qd cum tenens postqÕm replegiavÕit avia sua a$ia ilia vendit [vl elongat Ô] quominus returnu fieri possit dno distringenti si adjudicet': Pvisum est qd Vic aut bafii de ce?o no recipiant a conquerentibj solumodo pleg [de psequendo1] anteq'm delibacbm faciant de avta, set etiam de aPiis retornandis si adjudicet' returnu. Et si quis alio modo pleg recepit respondeat ipe de p>cio averiop & beat Dns distÕngens recupare p breve qd reddat ei tot aPia vel tot catalla, & si non heat Ballivus unde reddat, reddat supior suus. Et quia aliquando contingit qd postq*m adjudicatum fSit dis.tringenti returnu avÕio^, & sic distri&us, postqÕm a Pi a sic retomata i?um replegiaPit, cum viderit distringentem compentem in curia patum sibi respondere, defaltam fe?it, ob quam it1 urn adjudicabit' distringenti ret'nu aPio^ & sic bis, tertio & in infinitum, replegiabunt' aPia, nec hebunt judicia curie Regis in hoc casu effcum, sup quo non fuit prius remediu pvisum, or- dinatus est in hoc casu talis pcessus qd q*m cito adju.dicatum fuerit distringenti returnu aPiop p breve de judicio mandet' viC qd returnu hre faciat distringenti de aPiis; in quo brevi inseratur qd vie ea non deli- beret sine brevi in quo fiat mencio de judicio p Justie reddito, quod fieri non potit nisi p breve quod exeat de rotulis Justie coram quibj dedu&a fuerit Ioquela. Cum igitr adierit Justie & petierit aPia sua i?um re- plegiar, fiat ei hoc breve de judicio, qd vie capta securi- tate de ps, & etiam de aPiis vel catafi retornandis vel eop p>cio si adjudicetur returnu, deliberet ei aPia vel catalla pÕus retornata & attachiet' qui distrinxit ad veniendum ad certum diem coram Justie coram quibj placitum dedu- catur in p*sencia pcium. Et si iVato ille qui replegiaPit fepit defaltam vel alia ocebne adjudicet' returnu distric- cSnis jam bis replegiate, remaneat district ilia impptuu irreplegiabilis, set si de novo & de nova causa fiat districco de nova districeone svetur pcessus supradCus.

In casu quando vir amisit p defaltam ten quod fuit jus uxis sue durum fuit qd uxor post mortem viri sui non huit aliud recupare qÔm p breve de Refto, ppt quod dns Rex statuit quod mulier post mortem viri sui heat recupare p breve de ingressu cui ipa in vita sua cont*dicere non potuit, quod in forma [p*dca3] erit placitand: si contra peticom mulieris tenens excipiat quod huit ingressu p judiciu & compto qd p defaltam, ad quod tenens necesse het respondere si ab eo que- ratur, tuc necesse het ulterius ostendere jus suu sedm formam brevis quod p'us impet'vit sup viru & uxem. Et si verificare po?it qd jus het in ten petito nichil capiat mulier p breve suu ; quod si ostendere non potit recupet mulier tenem petitu ; hoc obsvato qd si vir absentaPit se & noluerit jus uxis sue defendere, vel invita uxe reddere voluerit, si uxor ante judicium ve- Sit pata petenti respondere & jus suu defendere,

È| Interlined on the Roll.

Õ subse pta Reg. A: Rot. Bod/.

£n<? c0 the Jntent JU8,ices may know upon what fresh betsin the Lords may avow the Distress reasonable UP¡" "^Tenants; from henceforth It is agreed and enacted. That a reasonable Distress may be avowed upon the Seisin of any Ancestor or Predecessor [since a j i!me *^at.a Writ ¡f Novel disseisin hath run.1] And because it chanceth sometimes that the Tenant, after that he hath replevied his Beasts, doth sell or [alteneÔJ them, whereby Return cannot be made unto the Lord that distrained, if it be adjudged : It is pro- vided, That Sheriffs or Bailiffs from henceforth shall not only receive of the Plaintiffs Pledges for the pur.suing of the Suit, before they make Deliverance of the Distress, but also for the Return of the Beasts, if Re.turn be awarded. And if any take Pledges otherwise, he shall answer for the Price of the Beasts, and the Lord that distraineth shall have his Recovery by Writ, that he shall restore unto him so many Beasts or Cattle; and if the Bailiff be not able to restore, his Superior shall restore. And forasmuch as it hapneth sometime, that after the Return of the Beasts is awarded unto the Distrainor, and the Party so distrained, after that the Beasts be returned, doth replevy them again, and when he seeth the Distrainor appearing in the Court ready to answer him, doth make Default, whereby Return of the Beasts ought to be awarded again unto the Dis.trainor, and so the Beasts be replevied twice or thrice, and infinitely, and the Judgements given in the KingÕs Court take no Effett in this Case, whereupon no Re.medy hath been yet provided ; in this case such Process [shall be awarded,3] that so soon as Return of the Beasts shall be awarded to the Distrainor, the Sheriff shall be commanded by a judicial Writ to make Return of the Beasts unto the Distrainor ; in which Writ it shall be expressed, that the Sheriff shall not deliver them without Writ, making mention of the Judgement given by the Justices, which cannot be without a Writ issuing out of the Rolls of the said Justices before whom the Matter was moved. Therefore when he cometh unto the Justices, and desireth (4) Replevin of the Beasts, he shall have a judicial Writ, that the She.riff taking Surety for the Suit, and also of the Beasts or Cattle to be returned, or the Price of them, if Re.turn be awarded, shall deliver unto him the Beasts or Cattle before returned, and the Distrainor shall be at.tached to come at a certain Day before the Justices, afore whom the Plea [was moved,3] in Presence of the Parties. And if he that replevied make Default again, or for an.other cause Return of the Distress be awarded, being now twice replevied, [the6] Distress shall remain (7) irrepleviable ; but if a Distress be taken of new, and for a new Cause, the Process abovesaid shall be observed in the same new Distress.

IN case when a Man doth lose by Default the Land which was the Right of his Wife, it was very haid that the Wife, after the Death of her Husband, had none other Recovery but by a Writ of Right; wherefore our Lord the King hath ordained, That a Woman, after the Death of her Husband, shall recover by a Writ of Entry, [whereto she could not disagree during his Life,*] which shall be pleaded in Form under-written: If the Tenant do except against the Demand of the Wife, that he entered by Judgement, and it be found that his Entry was by Default, whereto the Tenant of Necessity must make Answer, if it be demanded of him, then he shall be compelled to make further Answer, and to shew his Right according to the Form of the Writ that he purchased before against the Husband and the Wife. And if he can verify that he hath [or had] Right in the Land demanded, the Woman shall gain nothing by her Writ; which Thing if he cannot shew, the Woman shall recover the Land in Demand; this being ob.served, that if the Husband absent himself, and will not defend his WifeÕs Right, or against his WifeÕs Consent will render the Land, if the Wife do come before Judge.ment, ready to answer the Demandant, and to defend

. from the time that the Writ of Novel disseisin doth run.

* eloign 1 is ordained MS. Tr. I.

4 again 3 shall be handled

6 I tat ' for ever

È called, Ô Cui ipsa in vita sua contradicere non potuitÕ

Pledges to prosecute a Replevin.

Replevin of Distress after Judgement for Return.

Writ of

Second

Deliverance.

Distress

irrepleviable.

HI.

A Cui in vita for the Wife, where her deceased Husband lost by Default.

Receipt of the Wife upon the HusbandÕs Default.

VoL. L

V


Receipt of him in the Reversion.

IV. The Wife endowable of Land recovered against her Husband by Default. &c.

Remedy for Tenants for Life, &c. who lose their Land by Default.

her Right, the Wife shall be admitted. Likewise if Tenant in Dower, Tenant by the Law of the Land, or otherwise for Term of Life, or by Gift, where the Re.version is reserved, do make Default, or will give up ; the Heirs, and they unto whom the Reversion belongeth, shall be admitted to their Answer if they come before Judgement: And if upon such Default, or Surrender, Judgement hap to be given, then the Heirs, or they unto whom the Reversion belongeth after the Death of such Tenants, shall have their Recovery by a Writ of Entry, in which like Process shall be observed as is aforesaid, in case where the Husband loseth his WifeÕs Land [by Default]; and so in the Cases aforesaid two Actions do concur, one between the Demandant and Tenant, and another between the Tenant shewing his Right, and the Demandant.

IN Case where the Husband, being impleaded for Land, [giveth up the Land demanded unto his Adver.sary by Covin'] after the Death of the Husband, the Justices [shall award *] the Wife her Dower, if it be demanded by Writ; but in case where the Husband loseth the Land in demand by Default, if the Wife, after the Death of her Husband, demandeth her Dower, it hath been [proved,1 * * *] that some Justices have awarded unto the Woman her Dower notwithstanding the De.fault which her Husband made, other Justices being of the contrary Opinion, and judging otherwise; to the intent that from henceforth such Ambiguity shall be taken away, It is thus Ordained in certain, That in both Cases the Woman demanding her Dower shall be heard: And if it be alledged against her, that her Husband lost the Land, whereof the Dower is demanded, by Judge.ment, whereby she ought not to have Dower, and then it be enquired by what Judgement, and it be found that it was by Default, whereunto the Tenant must answer; then it behoveth the Tenant to answer further, and to shew that he had Right, and hath in the foresaid Land, according to the Form of the Writ that the Tenant be.fore purchased against the Husband. And if he can shew that the Husband of such Wife had no Right in the Lands, nor any other but he that holdeth them, the Tenant shall go quit, and the Wife shall recover nothing of her Dower ; which Thing if he cannot shew, the Wife shall recover her Dower. And so in these Cases, and in certain other following, that is to say, When the Wife being endowed loseth her Dower by Default, and Te.nants in free Marriage, by the Law of England, or for Term of Life, or in Feetail, divers Adions do concur; for such Tenants, when they must demand their Land lost by Default, and when it is come to that Point, that the Tenants must be compelled to shew their Right, they cannot make Answer without them to whom the Reversion of Right belongeth : Therefore it is granted unto them to vouch to Warranty, as if they were Te.nants, if they have a Warranty. And when the War.rantor hath warranted, the Plea shall pass between hint that is seised and the Warrantor, according to the Te.nor of the Writ that the Tenant purchased before, and by which he recovered by Default; and so from many Adions at length they shall resort to one Judgement, which is this, That the Demandants shall recover their Demand, or the Tenants shall go quit. And if the Adion of such a Tenant, which is compelled to shew his Right, be moved by a Writ of Right, though that the great Assise or Battail cannot be joyned by the Words accustomed, yet it shall be joined by Words conve.nient (*): For [when5] the Tenant, in that he sheweth his Right which belongeth to him by the Writ that he before purchased, (6) instead of a Demandant, the War.rantor may well defend the Right of the Tenant, which is accounted in Place of the Demandant as before is said, and offer to defend the Seisin of his Ancestors by the Body of his Freeman, or put himself [inJ] the great Assise, and pray Recognizance to be made, whether he hath more Right to the Land in Demand, or else the Patty before named; or otherwise the great Assise

1 giveth plainely up

1 have awarded

¥ enough

Ô is

the land demanded, unto his Adversary, > seen s whereas r upon

admittatur uxor. Eodem modo si tenens in dotem, p Legem Angt, vel aliter ad ?minu vite vel p donu in quo reservatur re9sio fe€it defaltam, vel reddere vo- luerit, admittantur heredes & illi ad quos spefht rev'sio ad responsione si veSit ante judiau; Et si p defaltam aut reddicbm reddatur judiciu tunc heant heredes & illi ad quos spedat revsio post mortem huj9modi tenenciu recupare p breve de ingressu, in quo Õ^vetur idem pcessus sicut dCum est sup* in casu ubi vir amittit ten uxis; & sic in casibj p>deis due concurrunt accbnes, una in? petente & tenente & alia in? tenentem jus suu ostendentem k petente.

In casu quando vir implacitatus de ten reddit tenem petitum suo advWio de piano, post morte viri Justic adjudicant mulieri dotem suam, si p bre querat'; set in casu quando vir amittit ten petitii p defaltam, si mulier post mortem viri sui petat dotem, comptum est qd p aliquos Jus tie adjudicata fuerit dos mulieri petenti non obstante defalta quam vir suus fecit, aliis Justic in contraria oppinione existentibj & cont*ium judicantib3È ut de ce?o amputetur huj9modi ambiguitas, sic in certo ordinatum est, qd in utroq^ casu audiatur mulier que dotem petit: Et si excipiat' cont* ipam qd vir ipm tenem unde dos petita est amisit p judiciu p quod dotem tire non debet, Et si queratur p quod judiciu, & comptum f8it qd p defaltam, ad quod tenens necesse fiet respondere tuc [ - - -Õ] tenente ulterius respondere & ostendere qd ipe tenens jus ftuit & het in pdeo ten, sedm formam bris quod prius sup virum impetravit. Et si ostendere po?it qd vir mulieris non liuit jus in ten, nec aliquis alius q"m ipe qui tenet, recedat quiet9 k ux nichil capiat de dote ; quod si ostendere non potit, recupet mulier dotem suam. Et sic in casibus isds, & in quibusdam casibj subsequentibus, scilicet quando uxor dotata amittit dotem p defaltam, & tenentes in maritagium p Legem Angl, vel ad ?minu vite vel p feodum talliatum, concurrunt plures accbnes; quia hu- j9modi tenentes cum opteat eos petere ten sua p de.faltam amissa, & ad hoc pventum fuerit, qd tenens necesse het ostendere jus suu, non possunt ipi sine hiis ad quos spedat rev*sio de jure respondere: Et ideo concedit' eis qd vocent ad Warantu, ac si essent tenentes, si Warantum heant. Et cum Warantus wa- rantiza9it pcedat placitum in? ilium qui seis est & Warantum, s?dm tenorem bris quod tenes prius im- pet'vit & p quod recupavit p defaltam, & sic ex pluribj accbnibus ad ultimu pveniatur ad unu judiciu, videlicet ad hoc qd hujusmodi petentes recupant peticoem suam, vel qd tenentes earn quieti. Et si accio hujusmodi te- nentis qui necesse habet ostendere jus suu mota fuerit p breve de Redo, licet magna assisa vel duellu jungi non possint p verba consueta, jungi tamen possunt p verba satis apta: Quia cum tenens in hoc qd 01- tendit jus suu quod ei competit p breve quod prius impetravit sit loco adoris, bene popit Warantus defen- dere jus tenentis, qui loco petentis ut ddn est ftetur, k seisinam antecessoris sui offerre defendere p corpus liberi hominis sui, vel ponere se in magnam assisam & petere recognicom fieri, utru ipe majus jus heat in te nenito petito an f?dcus talis; vel alio modo jungi po?it

1 optet Rtg. A.


ft

ft

ft

li

ft

ft

ft

>fc

ft!

i

ft

ft

.tin

ft

bfi

PÇ

Sa,l

Ktt€

pale

feÇi

fflm

pi

È*

qsi

mi

ft

n!È

P*

BS

F*

-:1

BE

H&

si

a

W

fc

hi

lit

fa

I

t

Ç*

it

F

ii

i

o

id

magna assisa. sic ; Talis defendit jus, &c. et cognoscit seisinam antecessoris sui & ponit se in magnam assi- Çam, &c. & petit recognicSm fieri utrutn ipe majus jus heat in pMco tenem ut in illo de quo feoffavit talem, vel quod talis remisit & quietu clam, &c. an p>ddus talis.

Cum aliquando contingat qd mulier non hens jus petendi dotem, herede alicujus infra etatem existente, impetret breve de dote sup custodem & custos p fa- vorem mulieris dotem reddiderit vel defaltam fecerit vel placitum ita fidle p collusionem defenderit p quod dos huj9modi mulieri in pÕjudiciu heredis adjudicata fuit; pvisum est qd heres cum ad etatem pveSit heat accone petendi seisinam antecessoris sui vÕsus hujusmodi mulierem, qualem tiret versus aliu quecumqs deforcia- torem; Ita tamen qd salva sit mulieri versus petentem excepcio ostendendi quod jus het in dote sua, quod si ostendere po?it recedat quieta & dotem suam retineat & sit heres in niia & anicietur gravi? secdm discrec&m Jus tic, sin autem recupet heres peticom suam. Eodem modo subveniatur mulieri si heres vel alius earn im- placitaPit de dote sua si dotem suam p defaltam ami- serit, in quo casu sua defalta non sit ei ita p'judicialis quin dotem suam si jus heat recupare possit, & fiat ei tale breve. Precipe A. qd juste, &c. reddat tali que fuit ux talis tantam tram cum ptinen? in N. quam clam esse raconabilem dotem suam, vel de raconabili dote sua, & quam talis ei deforc. Et ad istud bre heat tenens excepcom suam [ad '] ostendendu quod [mulier Õ] jus [nJ] het in dote, quod si verificare porit recedat quiet9; alioquin recupet mulier ten quod pÔus tenuit in dotem. Et cum temptt>3 retroadtis aliquis terrain suam amisisset p defaltam non huit aliud recu.pare q*m p breve de redo, quod eis compete non pofit qui de mero jure loqui non potuerut, veluti tenentes ad ?minu vite, vel p libum maritagiu vel p feodu talliatum, in quib5 casibus salvat' rev'sio; pvisum est dece?o qd eo£ defalta non sit eis ita pÕjudicialis

breve q*m p breve de Redo. De maritagio amisso p defaltam fiat tale breve: Precipe A. qd juste, See.

reddat B. tale marJium de C. cum ptinenc quod clamat esse jus & maritagiu suu & quod A. ei injuste deforc. Eodem modo de ten tento ad tminu vite p defaltam amisso fiat breve: Precipe A. qd juste & sine ditone

reddat B. maniiuin de C. cum ptin quod clam [esse jus & maritagiu suu & quod fPdcus- A. ei injuste de.forc : vel, quod clam4] tenere ad rminu vite sue : vel, quod clamat tenere sibi & heredibj suis de corpe suo exeuntibj, & quod p*deus A. ei injuste deforc.

M-45- Cum de advocacdnibus ecctia^ non sint nisi tria

brevia originalia, videlicet breve de Redto Sc duo de possession^ s. Ultiine presentaconis & Quare Impedit, & hucusq, usitatum fffit in regno qd cum aliquis jus no hens psentandi p'sentavÕit ad aliquam ecctiam cujus psentatus sit admissus ipe qui verus est patronus p nullum aliud breve recupare po?it advocacom suam q'm p breve de Redto quod het Pminari p duellum vel p magnam ass*m, p quod heredes infra etatem existentes p fraudem & negligenciam custod, heredes eciam sive majores sive minores p negligenciam vel fraudem tenen- ciu [in dotem !] p legem Angt, vel mulierum tenenciu in dotem, vel alio modo ad rminu vite vel anno^ vel

¥ ) Interlined on the Roll.

> j ostendendo qd jus no het in dote Reg. A.

4 Reg. A. omits. 5 Reg. A. omits.

may be joined thus : [Talis defendit jus, &c. and so the Warrantor may defend the Right,and knowledge the Seisin of his Ancestor, and put himself [in '] the great Assise, 8cc. and pray Recognizance to be made, whether he hath more Right in the foresaid Land, as in that whereof he infeoffed such a Man, or that such a one released and quit claimed, &c. or else, the foresaid Party, &c.

And where sometime it chanceth that a Woman Writ for not having Right to demand Dower, the Heir being within Age, doth purchase a Writ of Dower against ÒncoveI^ a Guardian, and the Guardian endoweth the Woman during hi* by Favour, or maketh Default, or by Collusion de- Minority, fendeth the Plea so faintly, whereby the Woman is awarded her Dower in Prejudice of the Heir: It is Pro.vided, That the Heir, when he cometh to full Age, shall have an A&ion to demand the Seisin of his Ancestor against such a Woman, like as he should have against any other Deforceor ; yet so, that the Woman shall have her Exception saved against the Demandant, to shew that she had Right to her Dower, which if she can shew, she shall go quit and retain her Dower, and the Heir shall be grievously amerced, according to the Dis.cretion of the Justices; and if not, the Heir shall recover his Demand, See. In like Manner the Woman shall be Writ of aided, if the Heir or any other do implead her for her Dower, Dower, [or if she loseJ] her Dower by Default, in ia0^rby'>ow'r which case the Default shall not be so prejudicial to her, default, but that she shall recover her Dower, if she have Right thereto and she shall have this Writ. [Prsecipe A. quod juste, Sec. reddat B. qua: fuit uxor V. tantam ter.rain cum pertinentiis in C. quam clamat esse rationabilem dotem suam, vel de rationabili dote sua, & quod prx- diftus A. ei deforceat, &c.4J And to this Writ the Tenant shall have his Exception, to shew that she had no Right to be endowed; which if he can verify, he shall go quit; if not, the Woman shall recover the Land whereof she was endowed before. And Whereas before writs for time, if a Man had lost his Land by Default, he had other none other Recovery than by a Writ of Right, which jftcr

was not maintainable by any that could not claim of Default*. " meer Right, as Tenants for Term of Life, in free Mar.riage, or in Tail, in which Estates a Reversion is re.served ; It is Provided, That from henceforth their Default shall not be so prejudicial, but that they may recover their Estate by another Writ than by a Writ of Right, if they have Right. For Land in Free Marriage, lost by Default, such a Writ shall be made: [Prsecipe For Tenant A. quod juste, Sec. reddat B. manerium de D. cum in Frank- pertinentiis, quod clamat esse jus Se maritagium suum,

Se quod A. ei injuste deforciat.5] Likewise of Land for For Tenant Term of Life, lost by Default, this Writ shall be made : for Life; [Prxcipe A. quod juste, & sine dilatione, Sec. reddat B. manerium de D. cum pertinentiis, quod clamat tenere ad terminum vitae sum, & quod praedidtus A. ei defor.ceat : Likewise, Quod clamat tenere sibi, & haeredibus For Tenant de corpore suo legitime procreatis, & quod praedidtus A. in Tail, ei deforceat.6]

WHEREAS of Advowsons of Churches there be V. but Three original Writs, that is to say, One Writ of ^)hrÓjlWrits Right, and Two of Possession, which be Darrein Pre- ofXdvowÈonS sentment, and Quare Impedit; and hitherto it hath been used in the Realm, that when any having no Right to present, had presented to any Church, whose Clerk was admitted, he that was very Patron could not recover his Advowson, but only by a Writ of Right, which should be tried by Battail or by great Assise, whereby Heirs within Age, by Fraud, or else by Negligence of their Wardens, and Heirs [both of great and mean Estate,7] by Negligence or Fraud of Tenants by the Courtesie,

Women Tenants in Dower, or otherwise for Term of

1 Slut a one doth defend the Right. Off.

> upon * if she lose

¥ Command A. thatjuil/y, Off. he render to each a Woman, who wai such a ManÕt Wife, to much Land with the Appurtenancet in <V which she claimeth to he her reasonable Dower, or of her reatonahle Dower, and whereof such a one hath deforced her.

' Command A. that justly, (Ac. be ren Õer to B. such a Manor of C. with the Appurtenances which he claimeth to he bis Right and his Mar.riage, and whereof A. unjustly deforceth him.

* Command A that justly and without delay he render to B. the Manor of C with the Appurtenances which he claimeth to hold for Term of his Life: Or, which he claimeth to hold to him and his Heirs of his Body issuing; and whereof the afore scud A. unjustly deforceth him. i both of full age and within age,


Writ of

Advowson

possessory.

Judgments shall stand good until reversed.

Plenarty not to be pleaded if Writ be purchased within Six Months.

Presentation by Turns under an Agreement.

Remedy for Disturbance.

Life, or for Years, or in Fee-tail, were many Times dis.herited of their Advowsons, or at least, which was the better for them, were driven to their Writ of Right, [in which case hitherto they were utterly disinherited']: It is Provided, That such Presentments shall not be so pre.judicial to the right Heirs, or to them unto whom such Advowsons ought to revert after the Death of any Persons: For as often as any, having no Right, doth present during the Time that such Heirs are in Ward, or during the Estates of Tenants in Dower, by the Courtesie, or otherwise for Term of Life, or of Years, or in Tail, at the next Avoidance, when the Heir is come to full Age, or when after the Death of the Tenants before named the Advowson shall revert unto the Heir being of full Age, he shall have such Aftion (Ô) by Writ of Ad.vowson Possessorie, as the last Ancestor of such an Heir should have had at the last Avoidance happening in his Time, being of full Age before his Death, or before the Demise was made [for Term of Life,3] or in Fee-tail, as before is said: The same shall be observed in Presentments made unto Churches, being of the Inhe.ritance of Wives, what Time they shall be under the Power of their Husbands, which must be aided by this Estatute by the Remedy aforesaid. Also religious Men, as Bishops, Archdeacons, Parsons of Churches, and other Spiritual Men, shall be aided by this Estatute, in case any having no Right to present do present unto Churches, belonging to Prelacies, Spiritual Dignities, Parsonages, or to Houses of Religion, what Time such Houses, Prelacies, Spiritual Dignities, or Parsonages be vacant. Neither shall this Aft be so largely understanden, that such Persons, for whose Remedy this Statute was ordained, shall have the Recovery aforesaid, surmising that Guardians [of Heirs, Tenants in Tail, by the Cour.tesie, Tenants in Dower,4] for Term of Life, or for Years, or Husbands, faintly have defended Pleas moved by them, or against them ; because the Judgements given in the KingÕs Courts shall not be annulled by this Sta.tute, (3) the Judgement shall stand in his Force, until it be reversed in the Court of the King as erroneous, if Errour be found ; or [by Assise of Darrein present.ment, or by Enquest by a Writ of Quare impedit, if it be passed, or be annulled6] by Attaint, or (7) Certi.fication, which shall be freely granted. And from henceforth one Form of Pleading shall be observed among Justices in Writs of Darrein Presentment and Quare Impedit, in this respeft, if the Defendant alledg- eth Plenarty of the Church of his own Presentation, the Plea shall not fail by reason of the Plenarty; so that the Writ be purchased within Six Months, though he cannot recover his Presentation within the Six Months. And sometimes when an Agreement is made between many claiming one Advowson, and inrolled before the Justices in the Roll, or by Fine, in this Form, that one shall present the first Time, and at the next Avoidance another, and the third Time another ; and so of many, in case there be many : And when one hath presented, and had his Presentation, which he ought to have according to the Form of [their Agreement and Fine *] and at the next Avoidance he to whom the second Presentation belongeth, is disturbed by any that was Party to [the said Fine,8] or by some other in his stead ; It is Provided, That from henceforth they that be so disturbed shall have no need to sue a Quare Impedit, but shall resort to the Roll or Fine -t and if the said Concord or Agreement be found in the Roll or Fine, then the Sheriff shall be com.manded, that he give Knowledge unto the Disturber, that he be ready at some short Day, containing the Space of Fifteen Days, or three Weeks, as the Place hap- peneth to be near or far, for to shew if he can alledge any Thing, wherefore the Party that is disturbed ought not to present: And if he come not, or peradventure doth come, and can alledge nothing to bar the Party of his Presentation by reason of any Deed made [or written9] since the Fine was made or inrolled, he shall recover his Presentation with his Damages.

¥ and ill case were hitherto altogether disherited,

Ô anil Exception 1 Jor a Term

Ç Tenanti in Dower, by the Curtejy, or otherwue s but

o the Assise of Darrein Presentment, or the Enquest in the Quare Impedit, if any hath passed, be annulled 7 by * tueh Agreement

È Rase. 160$. omit*.

feodum talliatum multociens exheredacbm paciebant' de advocaconiby syis, vel ad minus quod melius eis fuit ponebantur ad breve de refto, & in casu offiio exhe- redati fuerut hucusq,; statutum est qd hujusmodi p>sentacones non sint hujusmodi reftis heredibus aut illis ad quos post morte aliquots huj9modi advocaciones reverti debent prejudiciales, [quia Õ] quocienscuq, aliquis jus non hens tempe huj9modi custodia^ psentaverit vel tempe tenenciu in dotem p legem Angt vel alio modo ad tminu vite vel annojj vel p feodum talliatu in pxima vacacione postqam [heres;] ad etatem pveSit vel advocacio post morte in forma p>dta tenenciu ad herede plene etatis existentem rev\itr heat eandem accoem & excepcom p breve de advocacone possesso- rium qualem heret ultimus antecessor huj9modi heredis plenam hens etatem in ultima vacacione tempe suo accidente ante mortem suarn vel anteq'm dimissio fafta fuerit ad terminu vel ad feodum talliatum ut p>dcm est; hoc idem obsvet' de p'sentacioniby feis ad ecclias de hereditate ux tempe quo fuerut sub potestate virop suo£, quiby p istud statutu subveniatur p remedium sup'dem. Viris etiam religiosis Epis [Arch Õ] Reftorib} ecctiap & aliis psonis ecciasticis p istud idem statutum subveniatur, Si quis jus p>sentandi non hens p)sentav>it ad ecclias, domiby suis placie dignitati aut psonatui speftantes, tempe quo vacavW p]acie dignitates aut psonatus hujusmodi. Nec tamen ita large intelligatur istud statutu qd psone ad qua£ remedium istud statu.tum est editii heant recuparc sup'dem dicentes qd custodes, tenentes in dotem p legem Angl, vel aliter ad tminu vite vel annop, vel viri, fifte defenderunt pla- citum p ijios vel contra ipos motum ; Quia judicia in curia Regis reddita p istud statutum non adnichilent' set stet judicium in suo robore quousq, p judicium curie Regis tanq'm erroniu, si error inveniat', adnul- letur ; vel assisa Ultime psentaebnis vel [inquisieonis4] p breve Quare impedit si f'nsierit p attinftam vel p ctificaebem adnichiletur que gratis concedatur. Et de- ceto una forma placitandi in breviby Ultime p*sentaconis & quare impedit in? Justic obsvetur, quoad hoc, si pars rea excipiat de plenitudine ecctie p suani pp'am p'sentacbem, non ppter plcnitudinem illam remaneat loquela, dumm" breve infra semestre tempits impetret' q'mq'm infra tempus semestre p'sentacbem suam recu- pare no possir. Et cum nliquando in? plures clamantes advocacoem alicujus ecctie pax fuerit formata int ptes & irrotulata coram Justic in rotulo vel in fine sub hac forma, qd unus primo psentet & in sequenti vacacone alius & in tcia t cius, Sc s:c de pluribj si plures sint: Et cum unus psentavit Sc habuerit suam psentacbm quam hre debet p formatn iilius conven- cionis, Sc in pxima vacacone [impediat''] ille ad quern sequens speftat plsentaco p aliquem qui fu't pars iilius convencbnis vel loco ejus, statutum est qd deceto non heant hujusmodi impediti necesse pquirere breve Quare impedit, set heat recursum ad rotulum vel ad finem; Et si in rotulo vel in fine compta fuerit p>dca pax vel convencio, mandetur Vic qd scire faciat pti impedienti qd sit ad aliquem brevem diem continentem spaciu quindecim die£ vel trium septifn, sedm qd locus est ppinquus vel remotus, ostens si quid sciat dicere quare sic impeditus talem p'seniacbm suam here non debeat: Et si non venerit vel forte veSit & nichil sciat dicere quare sic impeditus psentacbm suam hre non debeat racione alicuj9 fafti post pacem irrotulatam vel cirogra- phatam, recupet p'sentacbm suam cum dainpnis suis.

, 1 Interlined on the Roll.

J Architliaconis Reg. A.ÑArchid Rot. BoJi.: Lib. Horn, Archiepis, Epis, Archidiaconis, MS. Cott. XVI.

* Inquisico Reg. A: Rot. Bodl. 1 Interlined on the Roll.


Et cum contingat qd post mortem [antecessop suop quis'] ad (*) ecctiam psentavit, assignata fSit ilia ad- vocacio in dotem alicuj9 mulieris, vel (3) p legem Angt, et tenentes in dotem (4) p legem Angt psentavW & verus heres post mortem huj9modi tenenciu p legem Angt, vel in dotem [impediat15 3 psentare cum ecctia vacav*it, pvisum est qd dece?o sit in eleccone impediti utrum pquirere velit p breve Quare impedit, vel Ultime p*sentac6nis. Hoc etiam observetur de advocacionibj dimissis ad tminu vite vel annop vel ad feodu talliatum. Et deceto in brevibj Ultime psentacionis & Quare im.pedit adjudicent' dampna videlicet si tempus semestre t'nsierit p impedimentum alicujus Ita qd si Epus ecctiam conferat & verus patronus ea vice pÕsentacom suam amittat adjudicent' dampna ad valorem [j6 Ecctie de duobj annis : Et si temp9 no t'nsierit, S3 [disseionetÕÕ] fPsentacft infrÒ temp9 p>dcm, tuc adjudicent' dampna ad valorem*] medietatis ecSie p annu. £t si impe- ditor nichil heat unde restituere possit dampna in casu quando Eps confert p lapsum tempis puniatur p p'sona duo£ annop. Et si advocacio disraconet' infra tempus semestre puniatur tameu impeditor p prisonam dimidii anni. Et de ce?o concedant' bria de Capel- lis, pbendis, vicariis, Hospital^, Ahbiis, Prioratibus & aliis doinibj que sunt de advocacionibj aliquo^ que prius concedi non consueverunt. Et cum p breve Indicavit impediatur redor alicuj9 ecctie ad peten- dum decimas in vicina pochia, heat patronus reftoris sic impediti breve ad petendum advocacom deci.mal petitap. Et cum [disronavit pcedat postmo- dum placitum in curia Xpianitatis, quaten9 disronatum fSit in curia Regis: cum advocacio descendit ptici- pibj licet unus bis p'sentet ic usurpet sup coheredem, non pp? hoc exclusus sit ille in toto qui fuit negligens, set alias heat tumii suu p*sentandi cum acciderit.

Cum quis petat tenem versus ahum & implacitatus vocaPit ad warantum & Warantus dedicat warantiam & diu pendeat placitum in? tenentem & Warantu, cum ad ultimu convincat' qd vocatus ad warantu warantizare tenetur, p legem & consuetudine hadenus usitatam non fuit aliqua pena inflida Vocato, qui warantizare dedixit nisi tantum qd warantizaret & esset in fnia quia prius non warantizavit, quod duru fuit petenti qui multociens p collusionem int tenentem & Wa.rantum magnas sustinuit dilacones: Ppter quod sta- tuit Dns Rex, qd sicut tenens amittet ten petitu si vocasset ad warantu & Warant9 se possj devolvere de warantia, eodem modo amittat Warantus si waran.tiam dedicat & convincat' qd warantizare debeat. Et si mquisico pendeat in? tenete & Warantu & petens petat breve ad faciend venire Juratam concedat' ei.

Custodi dece?o concedat' breve de Amensuracbne dods, nec p sedam custodis si fide & p collusionem sequat' versus mulierem tenente in dotem pcludatur heres cum ad etatem pveiiit ad dotem amensurandam s£dm qd p legem Angt fuit amensuranda. Et tarn in brevi isto q'm in brevi de Arnensuracone pasture cele- rior q*m prius decero sit pcessus, Ita qd cum pventu fuerit ad magnam districcdm dent' dies infra quos duo Com teneantur ad quos publica fiat pclamacio qd defen- dens veniat ad diem in brevi contentu querenti respons;

1 ancessoris qui Reg. A.Ñquis is interlined on the Tower Roll.

1 aliq'm Reg. A. 3 teneat' Reg. A.

* vt Reg. A. * Interlined on the R oil.

6Ñ1 These words, which are omitted from the Tower Roll, are

here supplied from Reg. A. wherewith agree the Red Book of the Exchequer at Dublin, MS.Colt. Claud. D.II., Rot. Bid!., Lib. Horn., innumerable other Manuscripts, and all Printed Copies.

7 disronet' Rot. Bodl: Lib. Horn.

* dissionavit Reg. A.Ñdisrationatum fuerit Printed Copies.

And where it chanceth that after the Death of the for

Ancestor [of him1] that presented his Clerk unto a fpãllnT- Church, the same Advowson is assigned in Dower to t;on ,fur a any Woman, or to Tenant by the Curtesie, which do particular present, and after the Death of such Tenants the very estate ended. Heir is disturbed to present when the Church is void,

It is Provided, That from henceforth it shall be in the Eleftion of the Party disturbed, whether he will sue a Writ of Quare Impedit, or of Darrein Presentment.

The same shall be observed in Advowsons demised for Term of Life, or Years, or in Fee-tail. And from Damage* henceforth in Writs of Quare Impedit and Darrein Pre- J^Q^iTaiid sentment, Damages shall be awarded, that is to wit, E>arrejn If the Time of Six Months pass by the Disturbance of preKntment. any, so that the Bishop do confer to the Church, and the very Patron loseth his Presentation for that Time,

Damages^ shall be awarded [Õfor Two Years value of the Church. And if the Six Months be not passed, but the Presentment be [deraignedJ] within the said Time, then Damages shall be awarded to the Half-yearÕs Value of the Church ;*] and if the Disturber have not whereof he may recompense Damages, in case where the Bishop conferreth by Lapse of Time, he shall be punished by Two YearsÕ Imprisonment: And if the Advowson be [deraigned3] within the Half-year, yet the Disturber shall be punished by the Imprisonment of Half a Year.

And from henceforth Writs shall be granted for Chapels, Writ* for Prebends, Vicarages, Hospitals, Abbeys, Priories, and other Houses which be of the Advowsons of [other J] vicarage*, Men, that have not been used to be granted before. &c And when the Parson of any Church is disturbed to de.mand Tythes in the next Parish by a Writ of Indicavit, the Patron of the Parson so disturbed, shall have a Writ to demand the Advowson of the Tythes being in de.mand ; and when it is [deraigned,6] then shall the Plea pass in the Court Christian, as far forth as it is [de.raigned 6] in the KingÕs Court. When an Advowson Usurpation descendeth unto Parceners, though one present twice, Copareencr and usurpeth upon his Coheir, yet he that was negligent upon another. shall not be clearly barred, but another Time shall have his Turn to present when it falleth.

WHEN any demandeth Land against another, and the Party that is impleaded voucheth to Warranty, and the Warrantor denieth his Warranty, and the Plea hangeth long between the Tenant and the Warrantor ; and at length, when it is tried, that the Vouchee is bound to Warranty, by the Law and Custom of the Realm hitherto used there was none other Punishment assigned for the Vouchee that denieth his Warranty, but only that he should warrantize, and should be amerced, because he did not warrant before ; which was prejudicial unto the Demandant, because he suffered oftentimes great Delays by Collusion between the Tenant and the Warrantor: Wherefore our Lord the King hath or.dained, That like as the Tenant should leese the Land being in Demand, in case where he vouched, and the Vouchee could discharge himself of the Warranty, in the same wise shall the Warrantor leese in case where he denieth his Warranty, and it be tried against him that he is bounden to Warranty. And if an Inquest be depending between the Tenant and the Warrantor, and the Demandant will require a Writ to cause the Jury to come, it shall be granted him.

VI.

The Penalty where the Vouchee denieth his Warranty.

A Venire Facias at the DemandantÕa Requeat.

A WRIT of Admeasurement of Dower shall be from henceforth granted to a Guardian ; neither shall the Heir, when he cometh to full Age, be barred by the Suit of such a Guardian, that sueth against the Tenant in Dower feignedly, and by Collusion, but that he may admeasure the Dower, after as it ought to be admeasured by the Law of England. And as well in this Writ, as in a Writ of Admeasurement of Pasture, more speedy Process shall be awarded than hath been used hitherto; so that when it is come unto the great Distress, Days shall be given, within which Two Counties 1 ay be holden, at the which open Proclamation shall be made, that the Defendant shall come in at the Day contained in the Writ, to answer to the Plaintiff;

VII.

Admeasure.ment of Dower for Guardian or Heir.

Procew thereon: and in Ad* measurement of Pasture.

1 Old Printed Translations omit these Words.

1Ñ4 MS.Tr 1. and all Printed Translation* have this Sentence, in conformity with the Printed Copies of the Text.

i recovered 3 any 6 tried


VOL. I.

X

VIII.

The Remedy upon a second Ovel-charge of Pasture.

Writs de Secunda Superonera- tione shall be inrolled.

And Writs of

Rcdisseisin.

IX.

The Writ of Mesne, and new Process therein.

at which Day, if he come in, the Plea shall pass between them ; and if he do not come, and the Proclamation be testified by the Sheriff in manner abovesaid, upon his Default they shall make Admeasurement.

WHEREAS by a Plea moved upon a Writ of Ad.measurement of Pasture, the Pasture was sometime admeasured before the Justices, sometime before the Sheriff in the County, and it chanced many Times, after such Admeasurement made, the Pasture to be over.charged again by him that first did it, with more Beasts than he ought to keep, whereupon no Remedy hath been yet provided; It is ordained, That upon the second Overcharge, the Plaintiff shall have Remedy in this manner: If the Admeasurement were before the Justices, the Plaintiff shall have a Writ judicial, that the Sheriff in Presence of the Parties being summoned, if they will come, shall inquire upon the second Overcharge; which if it be found, it shall be returned before the Justices, under the Seals of the Sheriff, and the Seals of the Jurors; and the Justices shall award the Plaintiff Da.mages, and shall put in the Extreats the Value of the Beasts which [were '] put into the Pasture after such Admeasurement more than he ought, and shall deliver the Extreats unto the Barons of the Exchequer, whereof they shall answer unto the King. If such Admeasure.ment were made in the County, then, at the Request of the Plaintiff, a Writ shall go out of the Chancery, that the Sheriff shall inquire of such Overcharge; and for the Beasts put in the Pasture above the due Number, or for the Value of them, he shall answer to the King at the Exchequer. And lest the Sheriff might defraud the King in this case, it is agreed, that all such Writs De secunda Superoneratione, that pass out of the Chan.cery, shall be inrolled, and at the YearÕs End the Transcripts shall be sent into the Exchequer under the ChancellorÕs Seal, that the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer may see how the Sheriff doth answer of the Issues of such Writs ; in the same wise Writs of Redis.seisin shall be inrolled and sent into the Exchequer at the YearÕs End.

WHEN Chief Lords distrain in their Fee for Customs and Services to them due, and there is a Mean which ought to acquit the Tenant, sithence it lieth not in the Mouth of the Tenant, after that he hath replevied the Distress, to deny the Demand of the Chief Lord, which avoweth in the KingÕs Court, that the Distress is law.fully taken upon his Tenant, which is upon the Mean ; and many have been heretofore sore grieved by such Distresses, in so much as the Mean, notwithstanding that he hath whereby he may be distrained, doth make long delays before he will come into the Court to answer [for his Tenant1] unto the Writ of Mean; and further, the Case was most hard when the Mean had nothing; In case also when the Tenant was ready to do his Ser.vices and Customs unto his Lord, and the Chief Lord would refuse to take such Services and Customs by the Hands of any other than of his next Tenant, and so such Tenants in Demean lost somewhiles the Profits of their Lands for a Time, and somewhiles for their whole Time, and hitherto no Remedy hath been provided in this Case: A Remedy is Provided and Ordained here.after in this Form ; That so soon as such Tenant in Demean, having a Mean between him and the Chief Lord, is distrained, incontinent the Tenant shall pur.chase his Writ of Mean; and if the Mean, having Land in the same County, absent himself until the great Dis.tress awarded, the Plaintiff shall have such Day given him in his Writ of great Distress, afore the coming whereof two Counties may be holden, and the Sheriff shall be commanded to distrain the Mean by the great Distress, like as it is contained in the Writ, and never.theless the Sheriff in two full Counties shall cause to be proclaimed solemnly, that the Mean do come at a Day contained in the Writ, to answer his Tenant; at which Day, if he come, the Plea shall pass between them after the common Usage; and if he do not come, then such Mesne shall lose the Services of his Tenant,

* The Overcharger MS. Tr. i.

1 to such their Tenants MS. Tr. i.

ad quern diem si veSit pcedat placitum in? eos. Et si non veniit & pclamacio supÕdCo modo p Vie testificata fSit, pcedatur p defaltam ad amensuracom faciendam.

Cum p placitum motum p breve de Amensuracone pasture pastura fuerit amensurata, aliquando coram Justic aliquando in Com coram Vic, multociens contingit qd post hujusmodi amensuracom f£am i?um ponat ille qui primo supoSavit pasturam plura animalia qÔm ad ipm ptinet ftenda nec hucusq^ pvisum esset remediu; statutu est qd de seda supoSacone fiat remediu querenti sub hac forma, qd conquerens heat breve de judicio, si coram JustiEf amensurata fuerit pastura, qd vie in j?sen- cia pcium pm unitap si int esse volSint, inquirat de seda supoSac&ne, que si inventa fSit mandetur Justic sub sigillo Vicf & sigillis jurat op, & Justiciarii adjudicent dampna conquerenti, et ponant in extraftis valorem ani- maliu que suponians post amensuracom fcam posuit in pasturam ultra qd debuit, Et ext*ftas liberent Baronibj de Sc*cio ut inde respondeant Dno Regi. Si in Coin fadta fuerit amensuracio tuc ad instanciam querends exeat breve de Cancellar, qd Vie inquirat sup huj9- modi supoSacbne; [de aviis poitis in pastura ultra debitum murium vel de pcio, et Dno Regi ad seÕem suu respondeant.1] Et ne Vie fraudem faciant Dno Regi in isto casu, concordatum est qd omia huj9- modi brevia de seda suponlacone que exeunt de Cancel- laria irrotulentÕ, & in fine anni mittatÕ Cnscriptum ad ScÔcm, sub sigillo Cancellarii, ut videant Thes & Barones de ScÕcio quali? Vie respondeant de exitibj huj9modi breviu; eodem modo irrotulentur brevia de redisseisina & mittant' ad ScÕcm in fine anni.

Cum capitales Dili distringant feodum suu p sviciis & consuetudinib} sibi debitis, & medius sit qui tenen- tem acquietare debet cum non jaceat in ore tenentis postqÕm districcbm replegiaPit dedicere demandam ca- pitalis dni qui advocat in curia Dhi Regis justam districcom fieri sup tenente suu videlicet sup mediii, multi p hujusmodi districcones hucusq^ g*vati extiterut p hoc qd medius licet ftret p quod dist'ngi posset magnas fe?it diiones anteqftn ad curiam veSit ad re.spondendum huj9modi tenentibj suis ad breve de medio, p hoc eciam qd durius fuit in casu quando medius nichil fiuit; In casu eciam q*ndo si tenens patus esset facere capital! Dho svicia & consuetudines exaftas, Et capitalis Dns svicia & consuetudines sibi debitas renuebat pcipe p manus alterius, q*m pximi te.nentis sui, Et sic amiserut huj9modi tenentes in dnico pficuu terrajj suaij, aliquando ad tempus aliquando toto tempe suo, nec fuit an tea aliquod remediu in hoc casu pvisum; Ordinatu est & pvisum in hoc casu remediu imposterum sub hac forma, qd q'meito huj9modi tenens in dnico hens mediu in? ipm & capitalem dnm distringit1, statim pquirat s' tenens breve de medio; et si medius hens terrain in eodem Com defugerit usq, ad magnam districcom, detur querenti in brevi suo de magna districcone talis dies, ante cujus adventu duo Com teneantur, et pcipiat' Vic qd distringat mediu p magnam districcom put in brevi continet', et nichilo- min9 Vic in duobj plenis Com solempnit pclamari faciat, qd hujusmodi medius veniat ad diem in brevi contentu respons tenenti suo ; ad quern diem si veSit pcedat placitum in? eos modo consueto, et si non veSit, amittat huj9modi medius ?viciu tenentis sui,

1 Et de a?iis poitis in pastura ult* debitu nurSu, vt de ?cio dno B ad scc*rm suu respondeat Reg. A.


in

to

šS;

IW8

**

ft

eui

QB,

s

.te

HS52

ngj

IW nil

>V'

Cud

Op

Ibai

aft

mk

i iris

its

Mwi

kÈ

jsa

Ql(£

im

I*

adit-

w k

ten

tide

e sb

got

it

joB

kÈ

kS

fti

. Ss

M

ts

ifc

Si

t&

ss

b*>

0

3

i

f

et amodo non respondeat ei tenens in aliquo; set, omisso iilo medio, respondeat eapitali dno de eisdem 9viciis & eonsuetudinibus que p'us facere debuit [p>dfo medio,'] nec beat capitalis Dns potestatem distringendi, dum Pd?us tenens offerat ei Svicia debita & consueta; et si capitalis Dns exeg?it plusq*m medius ei facere deberet, beat tenes in hoc casu excepc&m quam hret mediu6. 8i vero medius nichit bSit in potestare Reg, n'omin9 pquirat tenens breve suu de medio, ad Vi6 illius Corn in quo distringit'. Et si Vie mandav'it qd nichil bet ubi potest sumoneri n'omin9 sequatur [ftre1 ] de attachiarnto. Et si Vie mandav'it qd nichil bet p quod potest atta- chiari, n'omin9 sequatur breve de magna districcone & fiat pclamacio in forma pdfa. Si vero medius non beat tVam in Com in quo fit districcio, set beat terrain in alio Coin, tunc exeat breve originale ad sumonend mediu ad Vie illius Com in quo fit districco, et cum testificatu fuerit p ilium Vie qd nichil bet in Com suo, exeat breve de judicio ad sumonend mediu, ad Vic illius Com in quo testificatum fSit qd bet ten, & fiat setta in illo Com, quousq, pveniatr ad magnam distric- c&m & pclamacom sicut dem est supÕ de medio hente Pram in eodem Com in quo fit districco, & n'omin9 fiat sedfa in Coni in quo nichil bet sicut dem est sup* de medio nichil hente, quousq, pveniatr ad magnam di- stricebm & pclamae&m, & sic post pclamac&m in utroq, Com fcam, abjudicef medius a feodo & €vicio suo. Cum aliquando contingat qd tenens in dnico feoffatus est ad tenendu p minus 9viciu q*m medius facere de.buit eapitali Dno [&3] cum post huj9modi pclamacbem, attornatus sit tenens eapitali dno, medio omisso, necesse hebit tenens respondere eapitali dbo de 9viciis & con- suetudinibj que medius ei prius hSe debuit; Et post- qbn veSit medius in curia, & cognovit qd acquietare debeat tenentem suQ, vel adjudicetur ad acquietandu, si post huj9modi cognicom vel judm, querimonia pve- niat qd medius non acquietet teneute suu, tuc exeat breve de judicio, qd vie distringat mediQ ad acquie- tandum tenente suu & ad essend coram Justif ad certu diem ad ostendendu quare p'us non acquietavit; Et cum p districcom veSit, audiatur querens, Et si querens verificare poPit qd ipm non acquietavit, satisfaciet de dampnis, & p judiciu tenens recedat quiet9 de suo medio & attomet' eapitali Dno. Et si ad primam dis.tricco tn non veSit exeat breve de alia districcone, & fiat pclamacio. Et postq*m testificata f9it pcedatur ad judiciu sicut supi9 dem est. Et sciendu qd p hoc statutu non excludunt' tenentes quin heant warantiam, si de ten suis implacitent' sup medios suos & eo£ here- des sicut prius habuerut. Nec eciam excludunt' te.nentes, quin sequi possint vers9 medios suos sedm con- suetudinem p'us usitatam, si viderint qd pcessus eojs plus valeat p andquam consuetudine, q*m p istud sta.tutu. Et sciendu, qd p istud statutu non pvidet' re- mediu quibscuq, mediis set soluinodo in casu cum sit unus medius tantum inf dnm distringentem & tenente ; Et in casu q'ndo medius ille est plene etads; Et in casu quando tenens, sine p*judicio alteri9 qÔm medii, attomare se potest eapitali dno, quod d£um est p mu- lieribj tenendb3 in dotem, tenentib3 p legem Angl, vel aliter ad Pminu vite vel p feodu talliatu, quib3 p aliquib5 [cais'] nondu est remediu pvisu, set Deo dante alias pvidebitur.

1 pdcs medius Reg. A.

Interlined on the Roll.

and from thenceforth the Tenant shall not answer him in any thing; but, the same Mean being excluded, he shall answer unto the Chief Lord for such Services and Customs [as before he ought to have done to the same Mean;'] neither shall the Chief Lord have Power to distrain, so long as the aforesaid Tenant doth offer him the Services and Customs due; and if the Chief Lord exaft more than the Mean [ought to do,Õ] the Tenant in such Case shall have such Exceptions as the Mean should. And if the Mean have nothing within the KingÕs Dominion, the Tenant shall nevertheless pur.chase his Writ of Mean to the Sheriff of the same Shire wherein he is distrained. And if the Sheriff return, that he hath nothing whereby he may be summoned [then3] shall the Tenant sue his Writ of Attachment. And if the Sheriff return, that he hath nothing to be attached by, he shall nevertheless sue his Writ of Great Distress, and Proclamation shall be made in Form abovesaid. And if the Mean have no Land in the Shire where the Distress is taken, but hath Land in some other Shire, then a Writ Original shall issue, to summon the Mean, unto the Sheriff of the same Shire where the Distress is taken, and when it is returned by the Sheriff that he hath nothing in his Shire, a Writ Judicial shall issue, to summon the Mean, unto the Sheriff of the same Shire in which it shall be testified that he hath Land, and Suit shall be made in the same Shire until they have passed unto the Great Distress and Proclamation, as above is said [in4] the Mean having Land in the same Shire in which the Distress is taken; and nevertheless Suit shall be made in the same Shire where he hath nothing, as above is said of the Mean that hath nothing, until the Process come to the Great Distress and Proclamation ; and so after Proclamation made in both Counties, the Mean shall be forejudged of his Fee and Service. And where it happeneth some.times, that the Tenant in Demean is infeoffed to hold by less Service than the Mean ought to do unto the Chief Lord, when after such Proclamation the Tenant hath attorned to the Chief Lord, and, the Mean being excluded, the Tenant must of Necessity answer unto the Chief Lord for all such Services and Customs as the Mean was wont to do to him ; And after that the Mean is come into the Court, and hath confessed that he ought to acquit his Tenant, or be compelled by Judgement to acquit, if after such Confession or Judge.ment it is complained that the Mean doth not acquit his Tenant, then shall issue a Writ Judicial, that the Sheriff shall distrain the Mean to acquit the Tenant, and to be at a certain Day before the Justicers, for to shew why he hath not acquitted him before ; and when [they have proceeded unto the Great Distress,5] the Plaintiff shall be heard ; and if the Plaintiff can prove, that he hath not acquitted him, he shall yield Damages, and by Award of the Court the Tenant shall go quit from the Mean, and shall attorn unto the Chief Lord. And if he come not at the first Distress, a Writ shall go forth to distrain him again, and Proclamation shall be made, and as soon as it is returned, they shall proceed [in6] Judgement, as before is said. And it is to be under- standen, that by this Statute Tenants are not excluded, but they shall have a Warranty of the Means and their Heirs, if they be impleaded of their Lands, as they have had before. Nor the Tenants shall be excluded, but that they may sue against their Means, as they used heretofore, if they see that their Process may be more available by the old Custom, than by this Statute. And it is to wit, that by this Statute no Remedy is provided to any Means, but only in case where there is but one only Mean between the Lord that distraineth and the Tenant; and in case where that Mean is of full Age; and in case where the Tenant may attorn unto the chief Lord, without Prejudice of any other than of the Mean, which is spoken for Women Tenants in Dower, and Te.nants by the Courtesie, or otherwise for Term of Life, or in Fee-tail, unto whom for certain Causes Remedy is not yet provided, but, God willing, there shall be at another Time.

The Mesne

forejudged of his ree and Services in default of Appearance.

The Tenant holding by less Service than the Mesne doth.

Proceedings when the Mesne doth appear.

Damages in a Writ of Mesne.

The Tenants may have Warranty of the Mesne,

&C.

For what Mesne Tenants this Statute it ordained.

1 as the Mean used to do before that time; 1 ought to have rendered to him 3 nevertheless 4 of

5 he hath come, by force of the Distress,


X.

Time of the delivering of Writs for Suits defending

Justices in Eyre.

Any Person may make a general Attorney, in Eyre.

XL

On testimony of Auditors, Aecomptants may be committed to Prison.

Proceedings may be removed into the Exchequer.

WHEREAS in the Circuit of Justices it was pro.claimed, That all such as would deliver Writs, should deliver them within a certain Time, after which no Writ should be received ; many trusting upon the same, and tarrying until the said Time, and no Writ served upon them, departed by Licence of the said Justices ; after whose Departure their Adversaries, perceiving their Ab.sence, delivered their Writs in Wax, which sometime by Fraud, and sometimes for Rewards, be received of the Sheriff, and they, that thought to have departed quiet, lose their Lands : For the Remedy of such Fraud, from henceforth, the King hath ordained, That the Jus.tices in their Circuits shall appoint a Time of Fifteen Days, or a Month, [or' ] a Time more or less, after as the County shall happen to be more or less, within which Time it shall be openly proclaimed, that all such as will deliver their Writs, shall deliver them before the same Time; and when the Time cometh, the Sheriff shall certifie the Chief Justice in Eyre how many Writs he hath, and what, and that no Writ be received after the same Time; and if it be received, the Process is.suing thereupon shall be of none Effed ; but only that a Writ abated any Time during the Circuit may be amended ; also Writs of Dower of Men that died within the Summons of the Circuit, Assises of Darrain pre.sentment, Quare impedit, of Churches vacant within the foresaid Summons, shall be received at any Time be.fore the Departure of the Justices ; also Writs of Novel disseisin, at what Time soever the Disseisin was done, shall be received [in the Circuit of Justices.1] Our Lord the King of his special Grace granteth, That such as have Land in divers Shires where the Justices make their Circuit, [and that have Land in Shires where the Justices have no Circuit, that fear to be impleaded,Õ] and are impleaded of other Lands in Shires where they have no Circuit, as before the Justices at Westminster, or in the KingÕs Bench, or before Justices assigned to take Assises, or in any County before Sheriffs, or in any Court Baron, may make a general Attorney to sue for them in all Pleas in the Circuit of Justices moved or to be moved for them, or against them, during the Circuit; which Attorney or Attorneys shall have full Power in all Pleas moved during the Circuit, until the Plea be determined, or that his Master remove him ; yet shall they not be excused thereby, but they shall be put in Juries and Assises before the same Justices.

CONCERNING Servants, Bailiffs, Chamberlains, and all Manner of Receivers, which are bound to yield Accompt, It is agreed and ordained, That when the Masters of such Servants do assign Auditors to take their Accompt, and they be found in Arrearages upon the Ac.compt, [all Things allowed which ought to be allowed,] their Bodies shall be arrested, and, by the Testimony of the Auditors of the same Accompt, shall be sent or de.livered unto the next Gaol of the KingÕs in those Parts; and shall be received of the Sheriff or Gaoler, and im.prisoned in Iron under safe Custody, and shall remain in the same Prison at their own Cost, until they have satisfied their Master fully of the Arrearages. Never.theless if any Person being so committed to Prison, do complain, that the Auditors of his Accompt have grieved him unjustly, charging him with Receipts that he hath not received, or not allowing him Expences, or reasonable Disbursements, and can find Friends that will undertake to bring him before the Barons of the Exchequer, he shall be delivered unto them; and the Sheriff, in whose Prison he is kept, shall give Know.ledge unto his Master, that he appear before the Barons of the Exchequer at a certain Day, with the Rolls and Tallies by which he made his Accompt; and in the Presence of the Barons, or the Auditors that they shall assign him, the Accompt shall be rehearsed, and Justice shall be done to the Parties, so that if he be found in Arrearages, he shall be committed to the Fleet, as above is said. And if he 0ee, and will not give Accompt willingly, as is contained elsewhere in other Statutes, he shall be distrained to come before the Justices to make his Account, if he have whereof to be distrained.

1 Not in Original. 1 See Note (3) to the Latin Text.

3 Or -who fear to le impleaded of Landi in a Shire where the Juetices make their Circuit,

Cum in Itinere Justiciar pclamatum fuerit, qd omes

?ui brevia liberare voluerint, ea liberent infra certum minu post quem nullum breve recipiatur, multi de hoc confidentes cum moram feCint usq ad Pdcnt tminu & nullu breve sup eos fuerit liberatum de licen- cia Justic recedunt, post quo£ recessum adversarii sui ipop absenciam pcipientes brevia sua porrigunt in cera, que aliquando p fraudem, aliquando p vie p dono red- piuntÕ, & [alii1] qui seeÕe credebant recessisse, ten sua amittunt: ut huj9modi fraudi subveniatur imposterum, statuit dns Rex, qd Justic in ItiSib} suis statuant tminu, quindecim diep vel mensis, minoris vel majoris ?mini sedm qd Com fSit major vel minor, infra quem tminu publice pclametÕ, qd omes qui brevia liberare voluerint ea liberent citra ilium tminu, & in adventu illius tmini certified Vic capitals Justic Irinlis quot bna [hent1] & que, & qd ultra ilium tminu nullum breve redpiat', quod si receptum fSit pcessus p iliud fCus p nullo tieatur, excepto qd breve cassatum durante toto itiSe relevari po?it; Breve eciam de dote, de viris qui obi- erint infra suinonicom itiSis, assise Ultime pWitacSnis, Quare impedit de eccliis vacantibus infra sumonic&m pdcam, quoeuq tempe ante recessum Justic!, reripiant'; brevia eciam Nove dissele quoeuq tempe fadla fuerit dissela recipiant'.

[In itiSibus JusticJ] concedit dns Rex de gra Spe- ciali qd illi qui ten hent in div*sis Comitatibj in quibj Justic itiSant, vel de quibusdam ten in Com in quo JustiC (*) itinlant timent implacitari, & de aliis tenem in Com in [qu - -3] Justic non itiSant [implacitent'6] coram JustiC apud Westm vel in Banco dni Regis vel coram JustiC ad assisas capiendas assign, vel in aliquo Com coram ViC vel in aliqua cur Baron, facere possint attor- natum geSalem ad sequendum p eis in ofnib} placitis in itinere JustiC p ipis vel cont* ipos mods vel movendis durante itiSe, qui quidem attomatus vel attomati heant potestatem in placitis mods in itiSe, quousq placitu t mi- netÕ vel dns suus ipm amovit; nec p hoc excusentÕ [si fuerit7] in juratis, vel assisis coram eisdem JusdC.

De sviendbj, Battis, C.aiSariis & quibjcuq, recepto- ribj, qui ad compotum reddendu tenentÕ concorditer est statutum & ordinatum, qd cum dns huj9modi 9vienciu dederit eis auditores compoti, & condngat ipos esse in arrerag sup compotum suit, arrestentÕ corpa ipo£ p testimoniu auditop ejusdem compoti, & mittantÕ aut libe- rentur pxie gaole dni Regis in ptibj illis, & a Vic seu custode ejusdem gaole recipiantÕ & mancipentur carpi in ferris sub bona custodia, & in ilia prisona remaneant de suo pp;o viventes, quousq, dnis suis de arreragiis plenarie satisfeSint. Attamen si quis sic gaole liberatus, conqueratur qd auditores compod ipm injuste g*vave- runt, oSando de receptis que non recepit, vel non allo- cando expensas aut libaebnes racionabiles, & inveniat amicos qui eu manucape voluerint ad ducendum coram Baronibj de Sc'cio, lihetur eis; et scire faciat ViC in cuj9 p'sona fuerit dno qd sit coram Baronib3 de Sc'cio ad aliquem Stum diem, cum rotut & talliis p quo* compotum reddiderit, & in p*sencia Baronu vel auditors, quos assignare volSint recitetÕ compot9 & fiat pdb3 justitia, Ita qd si fSit in arreragiis comittatÕ gaole de Flete ut sup'dCm est. Et si [defugJit *] & gratis com.potum reddere [noluerit,9] sicut alibi in aliis statutis con- rinetur, [distringatur'Ó] ad veniendu coram JusdC ad compotu suu reddend, si heant p quod distringi possint.

t

i

5

Ti

II

s

11

n

r

n

si

i

I

s

1 illi Reg. A : Lih. Horn. 1 bet Reg. A.

3 In the Printed Copies these Words form the concluding pÈrt o he preceding Sentence. ,.

Ç non Printed Copies. 3 quo Reg. A.Ñquibj Rot. Coal.

6 imptiunt' Reg. A.

i si sint Reg. A.Ñquin sint Printed Copies.

* defugmt Reg.A. 9 nolilint Reg.A. 10 dist'ng'nt1 Reg.A.


Et si ad curiam vefiint dentur auditores compoti, coram quiby si fuerint in arrerag, si statim arreragia solvere non possint comittant' gaot custod in forma p>dSa. Et si defught & testatu fuerit p Vie qd non sunt inventi exigantur de Comitatu in Comitatu quousq^ utlagent' & sint hujusmodi incarSati irreplegiabiles. Et caveat sibi Vie vel custos ejusdem gaole, sive sit in libtate sive non, qd p comune breve quod dicit' Replegiar vel alio modo sine assensu Dni, ipm a prisona exire non pmittat, quod si fecit, & sup hoc convincat', respondeat Dho de dampno p hujusmodi Svientem sibi illato, sedm qd p priam verificare porit & C) heat suu recupare p breve de debito. Et si custos gaole non heat p quod justicietur vel unde solvat, respondeat supior suus, qui custodiam huj9- modi gaole sibi comisit p idem breve.

Quia multi p malidam volentes alios gravare pcu- rant falsa appella fieri, de homicidio & aliis feloniis, p appellatores nichil hentes unde Dno Regi p falso appello nec appellatis de dampnis respondere possum; Statutu est qd cum [ali. -*] sic appellatus de felonia sibi impoita se acquietavit in curia Regis modo debito, vel ad sedam appellatoris vel Dni Regis, Justic, coram quibj auditum erit huj9modi appellu & trminatum, puniant appellatorem p prisonam unius [- -1] & n'omin9 restituant hujusmodi appellatores appellatis dampna scdm discrecom JustiS, hito respectu ad prisonam vel arrestacbm, quam occ&ne huj9modi appello^ sustinue- runt appellati, & ad infamiam, quam p imp'sonamentum vel alio modo incurrerunt, & n'omin9 versus Diirn Regem gravius redimant'. Et si forte hujusmodi ap.pellatores non heant unde predfa dampna restituere possint, inquirat' p quop abettum formatum fSit huj9- modi appellum p maliciam, si appellatus hoc petat, et si inveniatur p illam inquisieom qd aliquis sit abettator p maliciam, p breve de judicio ad sedam appellati, distringatur ad veniendu coram Justid, et si legitimo modo convidus fSit de huj9modi abetto p maliciam, puniatur p prisonam & ad restitucbm dampnop sicut supius d?um est de appellatore. Nec jaceat de ceto appellatori in appello de morte hois essoh, in qua- cuq^ curia appellu fSit Pminandum.

Quia ViS fingentes multociens coram eis aliquos in turnis suis indidatos de furtis & aliis malefactis, capiunt homines non culpabiles nec legitimo modo indidatos & eos imp'sonant, & ab eis pecuniam extorquent, cum legitimo modo p duodecim juratos non fuerunt in- didati; Statutum est qd vie in turnis suis & alibi, cum inquirere heant de malefcoribj p pceptum Regis vel ex officio suo, p legales holes, ad minus duodecim, faciant inquisicones suas de hujusmodi maleftforibj, qui inquisidbibj suis sigilla sua apponant, & illos quos p hujusmodi inquisieoes invenlint culpabiles, capiant & imprisonent scdm qd alias fieri consuevit: et si alios im- p'sonavW, q*m p huj9modi inquisicones [inver?int4] in.didatos, heant huj9modi inprisonati accom suam p breve de inp'sonamto versus Vic sicut herent versus q'mcuq, aliam psonam que eos imprisonaret sine waranto; & sicut dcum est de Vi2 observetur de quolibet baHio libtatis.

Cum de vasto fSo in hereditate alicuj9 p custodes, te- nentes in dotem, p legem Angt, vel aliter ad tminu vite consuevit fieri breve de phibiebne vasti, p quod breve multi fuerunt in errore, credentes qd illi qui vastu fecerunt

Ô dominus Printed Copies. 1 aliquis Reg. A.

3 anni Reg. A. < Reg. A. omits.

And when he cometh to the Court, Auditors shall be assigned to take his Accompt, before whom if he be found in Arrearages, and cannot pay the Arrearages forthwith, he shall be committed to the Gaol to be kept in Manner aforesaid. And if he flee, and it be returned [to1] the Sheriff that he cannot be found, Exigents shall go against him from County to County, until he be outlawed, and such Prisoner shall not be replevisable. And let the Sheriff or Keeper of such Gaol take heed, if it be within a Franchise, or without, that he do not suffer him to go out of Prison by the common Writ called Replegiare, or by other means, without assent of his Master; and if he do, and thereof be convid, he shall be answerable to his Master of the Damages done to him by such his Servant, according as it may be found by the Country, and (*) shall have his Recovery by Writ of Debt. And if the Keeper of the Gaol have not wherewith he may be justified, or [not able Õ] to pay, his Superior, that committed the Custody of the Gaol unto him, shall be answerable by the same Writ.

FORASMUCH as many, through Malice intending to grieve other, do procure false Appeals to be made of Homicides and other Felonies by Appellors, having no.thing to satisfy the King for their false Appeal, nor to the Parties appealed for their Damages, It is ordained, That when any, being appealed of Felony surmised upon him, doth acquit himself in the KingÕs Court in due Manner, either at the Suit of the Appellor, or of our Lord the King, the Justices, before whom the Appeal shall be heard and determined, shall punish the Appellor by a YearÕs Imprisonment, and the Appellors shall nevertheless restore to the Parties appealed their Damages, according to the Discretion of the Justices, having resped to the Imprisonment or Arrestment that the Party appealed hath sustained by reason of such Appeals, and to the Infamy that they have incurred by the Imprisonment or otherwise, and shall nevertheless make a grievous Fine unto the King. And if perad- venture such Appellor be not able to recompense the Damages, it shall be inquired by whose Abetment or Malice the Appeal was commenced, if the Party appealed desire it; and if it be found by the same Inquest, that any Man is Abettor through Malice, at the Suit of the Party appealed he shall be distrained by a judicial Writ to come before the Justices; and if he be lawfully con.vid of such malicious Abetment, he shall be punished by Imprisonment and Restitution of Damages, as before is said of the Appellor. And from .henceforth in Ap.peal of the Death of a Man there shall no Essoin lie for the Appellor, in whatsoever Court the Appeal shall hap to be determined.

FORASMUCH as Sheriffs, feigning many Times certain Persons to be indided before them in their Turns of Felonies and other Trespasses, do take Men that are not culpable nor lawfully indided, and imprison them, and do exad Money from them, whereas they were not lawfully indicted by twelve Jurors; It is ordained, That Sheriffs in their Turns, and in other Places [where they have Power4] to enquire of Trespassers by the KingÕs Precept, or by Office, shall cause their Inquests of such Malefadors to be taken by lawful Men, and by Twelve at the least, which shall put their Seals to such Inqui.sitions ; and those that shall be found culpable by such Inquests, they shall take and imprison, as they have used aforetimes to do: and if they do imprison other than such as have been indicted by Inquest, the Parties im.prisoned shall have their Adion by a Writ of Imprison.ment against the Sheriffs, as they should have against any other Person that should imprison them without Warrant; and as it hath been said of Sheriffs, so shall it be observed of every Bailiff of Franchise.

WHEREAS for Waste done in the Inheritance of any Person, by Guardians, Tenants in Dower, Tenants by the Courtesie of England, or otherwise for Term of Life, [or Years,] a Writ of Prohibition of Waste hath been used to be granted, by which Writs many were deceived, thinking that such as had done the Waste

¥ by Õ the Master

! 1wherewithal,I 4 token they have

VOL. I. V


An Exigent against an Accomptant

The Sheriff or Gaoler anawerable on theEacap of an

Accomptant

XII.

Puniahment of an Appellor for a false Appeal.

A YearÕs

Imprison.

ment.

Inquiry of Abettors, of Appeals and their Puniahment.

No Essoin for the Appellor.

XIII. Sheriffs imprisoning others for Felony, &c. without an Inquest shall be liable to Aflion for false Impri.sonment.

XIV.

The Process in an A&ion of Waste.

A Writ of Inquiry of Waste.

should not need to answer but only for Waste done after the Prohibition to them dire&ed ; Our Lord the King, to remove from henceforth this Error, hath ordained, That of all Manner of Waste done to the Damage of any Person, there shall from henceforth be no Writ of Prohibition awarded, but a Writ of Summons, so that he of whom Complaint is shall answer for Waste done at any Time; and if he come not after the Summons, he shall be attached, and after the Attachment he shall be distrained; and if he come not after the Distress, the Sheriff shall be commanded that in proper Person he shall take with him twelve, &c. and shall go to the Place wasted, and shall inquire of the Waste done, and shall return an Inquest, and after the Inquest returned, they shall pass unto Judgement, like as it is contained in the Statute of Gloucester.Õ

non huerunt necesse responder* nisi tantum de vasto fco post phibicom eis dire&am, Domin9 Rex ut huj9. modi error dece?o tollat' statuit qd de vasto quocuq modo ad nocumentu alicuj9 fco non fiat decePo breve de phibicoe, set breve de sumonicoe, ita qd ille de quo queritÕ respondeat de vasto fco quocuqs tempe. Et si post sumonicom non verJit, attachietÕ, & post attachiamentu distringatur ; Et post districcom si non veBit, mandet' vfc, qd in ppÕa psona assumpti* secum duodecim, &c. accedat ad locum vastatum, & inquirat de vasto fco, & returnet inquisicom, et postq*m retomata fSit inquisicio pcedaf ad judiciu, scdm qd continet' in statuto prius edito apud [Westm.1]

XV.

Infants eloined may sue by Pro- chein Amy.

IN every Case whereas such as be within Age may sue, It is ordained, That if such within Age be eloined, so that they cannot sue personally, their next Friends shall be admitted to sue for them.

XVI.

Priority of Feoffment giveth Title ©f Wardship.

IN case where Inheritance descendeth to one within Age of the FatherÕs side, that held of one Lotd, and the MotherÕs side that held of another Lord, there hath been hitherto Doubt, for the Marriage of such an Heir, to which of the two Lords it should belong; It is agreed, That the same Lord shall from henceforth have the Mar.

riage of whom the ChildÕs Ancestor was first infeoffed, not having respeft to the Sex, nor to the Quantity of the Land, but only to the more ancient Feoffment by Knights Service.

XVII. IN the Circuit of the Justices an Essoign De malo De miLlefti* shall not be from henceforth allowed for Lands in the same Shire, unless he that caused himself to be essoined be sick indeed ; for if the Demandant except, that the Tenant is not sick, nor in such Plight but that he may come before the Justices, his Exception shall be admitted. And if it can be so proved by Enquest, the F.ssoign shall be turned to a Default: And from hence.forth such Essoin shall not lie in a Writ of Right be.tween two claiming by one Descent.

In omi casu quo minores infra etatem [implacitari1] possunt, concessum est, qd si hujusmodi minores elongati sint, quo minus psonaliter sequi possint, ppinquiores amici admittanf ad sequendum p eis.

In casu quo alicui minori descendatur hereditas ex pte pris qui tenuit de uno dno, & ex pte mris, que tenuit de alio dno, dubitacio hucusq, extiftt de mari- tagio huj9modi minoris, ad quern de duobj diiis ptineat; Concordats est de cero qd ille dns heat maritagiu, de quo antecessor suus prius fuit feoflatus, non hito re- speftu ad sexu nec ad quandtatem ten, set solumodo ad antiquius feoffamentu p ?viciu militare.

In ItiBe JustiC non admittatur deceto essoii de malo lefli de ten in eodem Coin, nisi ille qui se facit esso- niare veraciter sit infirmus; quia si excipiatur a petente qd tenens non est infirm9 nc in illo statu [quo venire potuit3] coram Justic, admittatÕ ejus calumpnia, et si hoc p inquisicom convinci potit vertatur illud essoniu in defaltam : nc jaceat dece?o illud essoniu in bri de Re61o in? duos clamantes p unum descensum.

XVlll. Execution either by levying of the Lands and Goods, or by Delivery of Goods and Half the Land; at the Choice of the Creditor.

WHEN Debt is recovered or knowledged in the KingÕs Court, or Damages awarded, it shall be from henceforth in the Elettion of him that sueth for such Debt or Darttages, [to have a Wiit of Fieri facias unto the Sheriff for to levy the Debt2] of the Lands and Goods j or that the Sheriff shall deliver to him all the Chattels of the Debtor, saving only his Oxen and Beasts of his Plough, and the one half of his Land, until the Debt be levied upon a reasonable Price or Extent: And if he be put out of that Tenement, he shall recover by a Writ of Novel disseisin, and after by a Writ of Redisseisin, if need be.

XIX. WHEREAS after the Death of a Person dying intes- TUe Ordinary tate? which is bounden to some other for Debt, the chargeable Goods come to the Ordinary to be disposed ; the Ordi- Debts of'an nary from henceforth shall be bound to answer the Inteatate. Debts as far forth as the Goods of the Dead will extend, in such sort as the Executors of the same Party should have been bounden, if he had made a Testament.

XX. WHEREAS that Justices in a Plea of Mortdaun-

The TenantÕ* cestor, have used to admit the Answer of the Tenant, Answer m a t^at t[e Plaintiff is not next Heir of the same Ancestor,

Coainagf, by whose Death [he demandeth the Land, and is ready

Aid, and to enquire the same3] by Assise; It is agreed, That in

Besaiel. Writs of Cosinage, Aiel, and Besaiel, which be of

the same Nature, [his *] Answer shall be admitted and [enquireds] and according to the same Inquisicion they shall proceed to Judgement.

XXL WHEREAS in a Statute made at Gloucester, it is Slat. Glouc. contained, That if any lease his Land to another to pay 6 Ed. 1.1- 4. the Value of the fourth Part of the Land, or more, the Lessor, or his Heir, after the Payment hath ceased by

Cum debitum fuerit recupatum vel iu curia Regis recognitum, vel dampna adjudicata, sit dece?o in elec- c&ne illius qui sequit1 p hujusmodi debito aut dampnis, sequi breve, qd ViC fieri faciat de terns & catalf, vel qd ViC liberet ei oinia catalla debitoris, exceptis bobus & affris caruce & medietate terre sue, quousq, debitum f8it levatum p racionabile pcium vel extentam: et si eiciatur de illo ten, heat recupare p bre Nove dissele & postea p breve redisseie si necesse fSit.

Cum post mortem alicujus decedentis intestati & obligati aliquiby in debito, bona deveniant ad ordi- narios disponenda, obligetur deceto Ordinarius ad respondendum de debitis, quatenus bona defunfti suf- ficiunt, eodem modo quo executores hujusmodi re- spondere tenerent' si testamentum fecisset.

Cum Justic in placito Mortis antecessoris admitPe consueverint responsionem tenentis, qd petens non est ppinquior heres antecesso^ de cujus morte ten petit' & hoc (4) p ass'm inquirere, concordatum est qd in brevibj de consanguinitate, avo, & pavo, [&!] que sunt ejusdem nature, admittatur ilia responsio & in- quiratur & scdm illam inquisicom ad judiciu pcedatÕ.

Cum in statuto edito apud GIouC contineatur qd si quis dimiserit terram alicui, ad reddendu valorem quarte ptis ten vel majoris, heat ille qui dimisit vel ejus heres, postq'm fuerit a soluebne cessatum p bienniii, accom

1 See Sut.Gloucester,6E.I.C.J.

* to tut cul n Writ that the Sheriff caute them to he made } the Land it demanded, and to enquire of the lame

* the same 1 enquiry thall he made.

Gloucestr Rot. Bodi. 1 implacitare Reg. A.

!q'n venire potuit Rot. Bodl. quo venire no no potuit Reg. A. quo venire non potuit Lib. Horn : Lib. Rub. Seac. Dubl. quo minus venire potuit Printed Copier.

È patš est Rot. Bodl. * Rev. A. omits.

Reg. A. omits.


petendi ten sic dimissum in diiico; eodein modo concorditum est qd si quis detineat Diio suo sviciu debitum vel [consuetud'] p bienniu, heat Dns acc6m petendi ten in Diiico p tale breve: Precipe A. qd juste &c. reddat B. tale ten quod [C.1] de eo tenuit p (J) Sviciu, & quod ad pMCm B. rev*ti debet, eo qd p>d£us A. in faciendo sviciu pÕdfm p bienniu cessavit ut dicit. Et non solu in isto casu, set in casu de quo fit mencio in p*dco statuto Gloud, fiant brevia de Ingressu heredi petenti sup heredem tenentis & sup eos quibj alienatum fuerit huj9modi ten.

Cum duo vel plures teneant Boscum, Turbariam, Piscariam vel alia hujusmodi in coi, absq^ hoc? qd ali- quis sciat suu sepale, & aliquis eop faciat vastum cont* voluntatem altius, moveatur accio p breve de Vasto ; & heat defendens cum ad judiciu veSit eleccom capiendi ptem suam in <?to loco p Vi?, & visum & sacrm & assignacom vicinojj ad hoc et?op & juratop, vel qd concedat qd nichil capiet dece?o in huj9modi bosco, Turbar & aliis nisi scdm qd pticipes sui cape volue- rint; & si eligat cape ptem suam in c?to loco assig.nee' ei in sua pte locus vastat9 scdm qd fuit anteqÕm vastu fecit. Bre in hoc casu: Cum A. & B. teneant boscu p indiviso, B. fecit vastum, &c.

Habeant dece?o executores breve de Compoto [red.dendo,4] & eandem accom & processum p illud breve, qualem huit mortuus, & hret si vixisset.

In casibus quibj concedit' breve in Cancellaria de f?o alicuj9 dece?o non recedant querentes a curia Regis sine remedio, p eo qd ten transfert' de uno in aliu & in registro de Cancellaria non est inventu ali- quod breve in illo casu spate, sicuti de domo, muro, ficato, conceditur breve sup eu qui levavit, et si t*ns- feratur domus, mur9, & hiis consimilia, in aliam psonam breve denegatur; set deceto cum in uno casu conce.dit' breve & in consimili casu simili remedio indigente sicuti pÔus fit breve : Questus est nobis A. qd B. in- juste, &c. levavit domu, muru, mercatum, & alia que sunt ad nocumentu: Si hujusmodi levata tÒnsferantur in aliam psonam decePo fiat breve sic: Questus est nobis A. qd B. & C. levaverunt, &c ; eodem modo, sicut psona alicujus ecctie recupare potest comuniam pasture p breve Nove dissele, eodem modo deceto recupet successor sup disseisitore vel ejus heredem, p breve qd pmittat, licet hujusmodi breve prius a Can.cellaria non fuit concessum. Eodem modo sicut con.cedit' breve utrum aliquod ten sit libera elemosina alicujus ecctie, vel laicum feodum talis, deceto fiat breve utrum sit libera elemosina talis eccie, vel alte- rius ecctie, In casu quo libera elemosina unius ecctie t'nsfertur in possessionem alterius eccie.

Et q¡cienscuqs, deceto eveSit in Cancellaria qd in uno casu repitur breve, & in consimili casu cadente sub eodem jure & simili indigente remedio, (5) concordent

{altered on the Roll apparently from ' consuetum.' consuetudine Reg. A.Ñconsuet Rot. Bodl.

* A. Rot. Bodl. 5 tale Reg. A.

4 Interlined on the Roll: Reg. A. omit).

5 non reperitur Printed Copies.

two Years, shall have an a&ion to demand the Land so leased in demean: In like manner It is agreed, that if any with-hold from his Lord his due and accustomed Service by two Years, the Lord shall have an A&ion to demand the Land in demean by such a Writ; [Prsecipe A. quod juste, &c. reddat B. tale tenementum quod A. de eo tenuit per tale servitium, Sc quod ad prsedidlum B. reverti debet, eo quod predidlus A. in fa.ciendo praedi&um servitium, per biennium cessavit, ut dicitur.'J And not only in this Case, but also in the Case whereof Mention is made in the said Statute of Gloucester, Writs of Entry shall be made for the Heir of the Demandant against the Heir of the Tenant, and against them to whom such Land shall be aliened.

Writ of Ceuavit for Services ia Arnear.

For the Heir against Heir, or Alienee.

WHEREAS two or more do hold Wood, Turf- land, or Fishing, or other such thing in common, wherein none knoweth his several, and some of them do Waste against the Minds of the other, an A&ion may lie by a Writ of Waste; and when it is come unto Judgement, the Defendant shall choose either to take his Part in a Place certain, by the Sheriff, and by the View, Oath, and Assignment of his Neighbours, [sworn and tried *] for the same Intent, or else he shall grant to take nothing from henceforth in the same Wood, Turf-land, and such other, but as his Partners will take; and if he do choose to take his Part in a Place certain, the Part wasted shall be assigned for his Part, [as it was3] before he committed the Waste. And [thereis such a Writ4] in this Case, that is to say; [Cum A. & B. tenent boscum pro indiviso, B. fecit vastum, &c.>]

EXECUTORS from henceforth shall have a Writ of Accompt, and the same Aftion and Process, in the same Writ, as the Testator [might have had4] if he had lived.

IN Cases whereas a Writ is granted out of the Chancery for [the Fad of another,5] the Plaintiffs from henceforth shall not depart from the KingÕs Court without Remedy, because the Land is transferred from one to another, and in the Register of the Chancery there is no special Writ found in this Case; as of a House, a Wall, a Market, [but the Writ is granted *] against him that levied [the Nusance] ; and if the House, Wall, or such like be aliened to another, the Writ [shall not be denied9] ; but from henceforth, where in one Case a Writ is granted, in like Case,

Ewhen like Remedy falleth, the Writ shall be made as ath been used before.'"] [Questus est nobis A. quod

D. injuste, &c. levavit domum, murum, mercatum, & alia quae sunt ad nocumentum, &c."] And if such Things levied be aliened from one to another, the Writ shall be thus: [Questus est nobis A. quod B. & C. le.vaverunt, &c."] In like Manner, as a Parson of a Church may recover Common of Pasture by Writ of Novel Disseisin, likewise from henceforth his Successor shall have a Quod permittat against the Disseisor or his Heir, though a like Writ were never granted out of the Chancery before. And in like Manner, as a Writ is granted to try whether Land be the free Alms of such a Church, or the Lay Fee of such a Man, even so from henceforth a Writ shall be made to try whether it be the free Aims of this Church, or of another Church, in case where the free Alms of one Church is transferred to the Possession of another Church.

And whensoever from henceforth it shall fortune in the Chancery, that in one Case a Writ is found, and in like Case falling under like Law, and requiring like Remedy, is found none, the Clerks of the Chancery

1 Command A. that justly, life, he render to B. such a Tenement, which A. holdeth of him It tuch a Service, and which to the aforesaid B. ought to revert, for that the aforesaid A. in doing the aforesaid Service, for two Tears, hath failed t as is said.

* chosen and sworn 5 after as it was

4 the Writ is tuch

Õ Whereas A. and B. hold Wood undecidedly, B. hath done Waste, Ufc.

6 had and should have, 5 an a<fl by one Man,

* there is a Writ gTanted 9 is denied

lo when the Jilce remedy is needful, as in the case before, a Writ shall be made :

Ò A. hath complained unto us, that B. unjustly, idc. hath levied a Home, Wall, Market, and other things which are to the Nuisance, Ufc.

11 A. hath complained unto us, that B. and C. have levied, Use.

XXII.

Waite between Jointenants, and Tenant! in Common.

XXIII.

Writ of Accompt, for Exccuton.

XXIV. Writi in consimili Caiu.

Quod

permittat by Successor of a Parson.

Juris utrum byoneChurch against another.

The Clerks in Chancery shall devise Writs in consiniili casu.

XXV. Of what Things an Assise of Novel

disseisin shall lie, whereof it lay not before.

Remedy on Alienation by Tenant for years, or in Ward.

Penalty for failing of an Exception

Eleaded by lefendant; Double Damages,and Imprison.ment.

Proceedings on pleading Exceptions by a Bailiff.

In what Case a Certificate ofAssisedoth lie.

shall agree in making the Writ, or [the Plaintiffs may adjourn it'] until the next Parliament, and [let the Cases be written *] in which they cannot agree, and [let them refer themselves until1 * 3] the next Parliament (4) by Con.sent of Men learned in the Law, a Writ shall be made, lest it might happen [after!] that the Court should long time foil to minister Justice unto Complainants.

FORASMUCH as there is no Writ in the Chancery whereby Plaintiffs can have so speedy Remedy, as by a Writ of Novel disseisin; Our Lord the King, willing that Justice may be speedily ministred, and that Delays in Pleas may be taken away or abridged, granteth that a Writ of Novel disseisin shall hold place in more Cases than it hath done heretofore; and granteth, that for Estovers of Wood, Profit to be taken in Woods by ga.thering of Nuts, Acoms, and other Fruits, for a Corody, for Delivery of Corn and other Vi&uals and Necessaries to be received yearly in a Place certain, Toll, Tronage, Passage, Pontage, [Pawnage,] and such like, to be taken in Places certain, keeping of Parks, Woods, Fo.rests, Chases, Warrens, Gates, and other Bailiwicks, and Offices in Fee, from henceforth an Assise of Novel disseisin shall lie; and in all Cases afore rehearsed, according to the accustomed Manner, the Writ shall be De libero tenemento; and as before times it hath lien and holden Place in Common of Pasture, so shall it from henceforth hold Place in Common of Turf-land, Fishing, and such like Commons, which any Man hath appendant to Freehold, or without Freehold by special Deed, at the least for Term of Life. In case also when any holding (6) for Term of Years, or in Ward, alieneth the same in Fee, and by such Alienation the Freehold is transferred to the Feoffee, the Remedy shall be by a Writ of Novel disseisin, and as well the Feoffor as the Feoffee shall be had for Disseisors, so that during the Life of any of them the said Writ shall hold place; and if by the Death of the Parties, Remedy happen to fail by that Writ, then Remedy shall be obtained by a Writ of Entry. And albeit that above mention is made of some Cases wherein a Writ of Novel disseisin held no Place before, let no Man think therefore that this Writ lieth not now where it hath lien before; and though some have doubted whether a Remedy be had by this Writ in case where one feedeth in the Several of another, let it be had for certain, that a good and a sure Remedy is given in that Case by the said Writ. And let them which be named Disseisors beware from henceforth that they alledge not false Exceptions, whereby the taking of the Assise may be deferred, say.ing, that another Time an Assise of the same Land passed between the same Parties, or saying, and falsly, that a Writ of more high Nature hangeth between the same Parties for the same Land, and upon these and like Matters do vouch Rolls or Records to Warranty, to the end that by the same vouching they may take away the Vesture, and receive the Rents and other Pro.fits, to the great Damage of the Plaintiff. And where before none other Pain was limited against him that falsly had alledged such untrue Exceptions, but only that, after such false Surmises disproved, the Assise should pass; our Lord the King, to whom such false Exceptions be odious, hath ordained, That if any being named Disseisor do personally alledge the Exception at the Day to him given, if he fail of the Warranty that he hath vouched he shall be adjudged for a Disseisor without taking of the Assise, and shall restore the Da.mages before inquired of, or to be inquired after, to the Double, and shall nevertheless have a Year's Im.prisonment for his Falshood. And if that Exception be alledged by a Bailiff, the taking of the Assise shall not be delayed therefore, nor the Judgement upon the Restitution of the Lands and Damages; yet never.theless, that if the Master of such a Bailiff that was absent, come after before the same Justices that took the Assise, and offer to prove by Record or Rolls, that another Time an Assise passed between the

1 shall adjourn the Plaintiffs

* write the case i refer them to

4 and 5 hereafter

4 a Tenement

cfici de Cancellaria in brevi fariendo, vel atPminent querentes in pximo parleamento, et scribant casus in quiby concordare non possunt, & referat eos ad proximu pleamentu, & de consensu jurispitop fiat breve; ne contingat decePo qd curia diu deficiat que- rentibj in justicia pquirenda.

Quia non est aliquod breve in Cancellaria p quod querentes bent tarn festinu remediu sicut p breve Nove dissele; Diis Rex voluntatem hens ut celeris fiat justicia & ditones in placitis motis amputent' vel abrevient', concedit qd breve Nove disseie locum heat in pluribus casibus q"m pÔus ftuit, et concedit, qd de estoPiis bosd, pficuo capiendo in bosco, de nucibj & glande & aliis fruftib} colligendis, de corrodio, libac&e bladi, aut alio^ viftualiu aut necessariop in c?to loco annuatim red- piendop, tolneto, tronagio, passagio, pontagio, & hiis similibus in Ptis locis capiendis, Custodiis parcop, bos- cop, forestap, chaceajt, warenna^, portap, & aliis battis & officiis in feodo, jaceat decePo assTa Nova disseie, & in omibj supradCis, modo consueto fiat breve de libo ten ; et sicut pÔus jacuit & locu huit in comuna pasture ita decePo locum heat in cbmuna turbar, piscar, & aliis comunis hiis similibus, quas quis het ptinentes ad libe.rum ten vel eciam sine ten p spale fa&um ad minus ad Pminu vite. In casu eciam quando quis tenens ten ad Pminu annop, vel in custodia, illud alienat in feodum & p illam alienacoem t*nsfert libum ten in feoffatum, fiat remedium p breve Nove disseie & heantur p dissei- sitoriby tarn ille qui feoffat q*m feoffatus, ita qd vivente altero eop, locum heat predcm breve ; Et si p mortem psonap cesset remedium p p*d£!m breve fiat remedium p breve de Ingressu. Et q'mvis supius fiat mendo de aliquib3 casibus, de quibus locu non huit prius breve Nove disseie, non pp? hoc credat aliquis illud breve non compete ubi prius competebat; et licet dubitavW quidam utrum in casu quo quis pascit alterius sepale, fieri poPit remediu p p'dcm breve, teneatur p c*to qd in casu illo p pdSm breve bonu & certum est remediu. Et caveant decePo qui nolati sint disseisitores, qd non pponant falsas excepcones p quas capcio assie differatur, dicendo qd assisa alias t'nsivit in? easdem ptes de eodem ten, vel dicendo & menciendo qd breve de alciori natura pendet in? easdem ptes de eodem ten, & sup hiis & consimilib3 vocet rotulos vel recordum ad warantu ut p illam vocacom asportare possit vesturam, levare red- ditus, & alia pficua ad magnu detrimentu querentis. Et quia licet prius aliam penam non huit qui hujusmodi falsas excepcoes mendaci? pposuit, nisi tantu qd post mendaciu suu convictu pcessum fuit ad capcom assie, Domin9 Rex, cui odiose sunt hujusmodi false excep.cones, statuit qd si quis disseisitor noiatus psonaliter pponat illam exception!, ad diem sibi datum, si defecerit de waranto qd vocavit, heat' p disseisitore absq, recog- nicone assie, & restituat dampna ipius, prius inquisita, vel post inquirenda in duplo, et n'omin9 p falsitate sua puniatur p prisonam unius anni. Et si ilia excepcio pponatur p battiu non pp? hoc differatur capcio assie & judicium sup restitucbtn ten & dampnop; Ita tamen qd si diis illius Bafti, qui absens fuerit postmodum veniat coram Justic qui ass'm cepint, & offerat verificare p recordum vel rotulos qd assia alias tÒnsivit, de eodem


ten in? easdem ptes, vel qd querens alias se retraxerit de consimili brevi, vel placitum pendet p breve de alciori natura, fiat ei breve de faciendo venire sup hoc recordum; Et cum illud hSit et [videat'] Justid qd recordum ita [ei *] missum valeret ante judiciu, qd p illud excluderet'querens ab acc&ne sua, stadm fee Justin scire pti que prius recupavit qd sit ad c?tum diem, ad quern reheat defendens seisinam suam & dampna si que pÔus solvit (J) post primu judiciu redditum, que ei resti- tuant' in duplo ut supradfm est, & n'omin9 puniat' ille qui primo recupavit p p sonam sddm discrecftm Justie. Eodem modo si defendens, cont* quern t*nsivit assta in sua absencia ostendat cartas vel quietas clamancias sup quap confeccone non fuerunt juratores examinati nec examinari po?unt, p eo qd de eis non fiebat mencio in placitando, & pbabiliter ignorare po?unt confeccones hujusmodi scriptop, Justiciar visis scriptis illis, feciat scire pti que recupavit, qd sit ad certum diem, & venire fed jur illius assle, & si p veredcm jur vel forte p irrotulamentu scripta ilia verificaverit puniatur ille qui afsÕm [ppet'vit *] cont* fern suu p penam su- pradcam. Et non capiat dece?o Vie bovem a

disseisito, set a disseisitore tantu, set si plures sint disseisitores in uno brevi nolati n'omin9 de uno bove sit content9; nec exigat bovem nisi de p*cio quinq, solidojt & quatuor denar, vel pcium.

In Brevibj de Redisseisina adjudicent' deceto dampna in duplo, & sint redisseisitores dec?o irreplegiabiles p c3e breve; et sicut in statuto de Mitoh pvisum fuit illud breve de hiis qui disseisiti fuerunt postq'm re- cup*verunt p asslas Nove disseTe, Mortis antecessoris, aut p alias jur, ulteri9 heat deceto illud breve locum illis qui recupaverunt p defaltam, reddicom, vel alio modo sine recognicone assla^ vel jurata^.

Postq'm aliquis posuerit se in inquisicom ad pximu diem allocet' ei essoniu, set ad alios dies sequentes p essoniu non differatur capcio inquisicois, sive prius hSit essoniu sive non; nec admittatur essoniu post diem datum pee pciu in casu quo ptes venire consenciunt sine essonio.

Cum [p statutuin Gloue statuatur5 ] qd postq'm tenens semel compuerit in curia, non allocet' ei esso.niu in brevibus assTap, eodem modo deceto obÕSvetur de petentibus.

Breve de Transgressione ad audiendum & ?mi- nandu deceto non concedatur coram aliquib} Justie, exceptis Justie de utroq., Banco, & exceptis JustiC iti- flantibj nisi p enormi t'nsgress ubi necesse est festinu appone remediu, & Dns Rex de spali gfa hoc duxerit concedendum: Nec eciam concedatur deceto breve ad audiend & tminand appella coram Justie assign nisi in casu speciali & ?ta causa Dns Rex hoc pee pit: set ne huj9modi appellati vel indi&ati diu detineant' in p'sona, heant breve de Odio & Atya, sicut in Magna Carta & aliis statutis dfni est.

Assignent' dece?o duo Justie jurati coram quibj & non aliis capiant' asste Nove disseTe, Mortis antecessoris & Attinfte, & assocf sibi unu vel duos de discrecioribj

. videant Rot Bodl. 1 eis Rot. Bodl.

C que habuit Rot. Bodl.

J < p p mu judiciu, simul cum dampnis que huit Reg. A.:

(_ Lib. Horn : Lib. Rub. Scaec. Dubl.

4 impet'vit Reg. A: inpetravit Lib. Horn.

5 in statuto pÕmo Westm nuper statutu sit Rot. Bodl.

sajne Paries of the same Land, or that the Plaintiff at an.other lime did withdraw his Suit in a like Writ, or that a Plea hangeth by a Writ of more high Nature, a Writ [of Venire facias shall be granted unto him to cause the same Record to be brought;1] and when he hath the same, and the Justices do perceive, that the Record so [shewed by him*] would have been so available before the Judgement, that the Plaintiff by force of the same should have been barred of his Aflion, the Justices shall presently cause the Party to be warned that first reco.vered, that he appear at a certain Day, at the which the Defendant shall have again his Seisin and Damages, if he before paid any by the first Judgement (Õ) given, which shall be restored him to the Double, as before is said ; and also he that first recovered shall be punished by Im.prisonment according to the Discretion of the Justices. In the same manner if the Defendant, against whom the Assise passed in his absence, shew any Deeds or Releases, upon the making whereof the Jury were not examined, nor could be examined, because there was no mention made of them in pleading, and [by probabi.lity *] might be ignorant of the making of those Writ.ings ; the Justices upon the Sight of those Writings shall cause the Party to be warned that recovered, that he appear at a certain day, and shall cause the Jurors of the same Assise to come; and if he shall verify those Writings to be true by the Verditt of the Jurors, or by Inrollment, he that purchased the Assise contrary to his own Deed, shall be punished by the Pain aforesaid. And the Sheriff from henceforth shall not take an Ox of the Disseisee, but of the Disseisor only ; and if there be many Disseisors named in one Writ, yet shall he be contented with one Ox; nor shall receive any Ox but of [vs.7] Price, or the Value.

IN Writs of Redisseisin from henceforth double Da.mages shall be awarded, and the Redisseisors shall not be repleviable hereafter by the common Writ; and like as in the Statute of Merton the same Writ was pro.vided for such as were disseised after they had reco.vered by Assise of Novel Disseisin, of Mortdauncestor, or other [Jurates ;6] even so from henceforth the same Writ shall further hold place for them that shall recover by Default, Reddition, or otherwise, without Recogni.tion of Assises or [Jurates.6]

AFTER any hath put himself [to an Inquest,7] an Essoin shall be allowed him at the next Day; but [all *] the other Days following, the taking of the Inquest shall not be delayed by the Essoin, whether he were essoined before, or no; neither shall any Essoin be allowed after Day given Prece partium, in case where the Parties consent to come without Essoin.

WHEREAS by the Statute of Westminster the First, it was provided, That after the Tenants have once ap.peared in the Court, no Essoin should be allowed them in Writs of Assises; In like Manner it shall be from henceforth observed against the Demandants.

A WRIT of Trespass, ad audiendum & terminandum, from henceforth shall not be granted before any Jus.tices, except Justices of either Bench, and Justices in Eyre, unless it be for an heinous Trespass, where it is necessary to provide speedy Remedy, and our Lord the King of his special Grace hath thought it good to be granted. And from henceforth a Writ to hear and de.termine Appeals before Justices assigned shall not be granted but in a special Case, and for a Cause certain, when the King commandeth. But lest the Parties ap.pealed or indited be kept long in Prison, they shall have a Writ of Odio & Atia, like as it is declared in Magna Charta and other Statutes.

FROM henceforth Two Justices sworn shall be as.signed, before whom, and none other, Assises of Novel disseisin, Mortdauncestor, and Attaints shall be taken, and they shall associate unto them one or two of the

. shall be made for him for the same Record,

, sent i with the Damages also that he

hath sustained after the first Judgement

4 probably they ' fiª tbilBngi and four-pence

6 Juries 7 uP¡n Inquest

1 at

Voi.. I.

Proceedings on Deeds not pleaded by reason of DefendantÕs Absence.

SheriffÕs FÇe.

XXVI. Double Damages in Writs of Redisseisin. Writs of Redisseisin on Recovery by Default, &c.

XXVII. Essoin after Issue, but none after Dav given Prece partium.

XXVIII.

Stat. Westm. l. 3 Ed. I. c 4a. No Essoin for Demandant.

XXIX. To whom and in what Cases

Commissions to hear and determine shall be granted.

A Writ of Odio Sc Atia.

XXX. Assignment of Justices of Nisi prius.

Adjournment nf Assises.

Inquisitions of Tre spass, See. may be determined before Justices of Nisi Prius.

The Writ of Nisi pnus.

Proceedings lfter Verdift.

Assises of Darrein presentment and Quare impedit shall be ended in their proper Counties.

Justices shall have their own Clerks.

Special

Verdicts.

None shall be put in Junes unless summoned.

XXXI.

discreetest Knights of the Shire into which they shall come; and shall take the foresaid Assises and Attaints but thrice in the Year at the most; that is to say, first between the Quinzime of Saint John Baptist, and the Gule of August; and the second time, between the Feast of the Exaltation of the Holy Cross, and the Utas of Saint Michael; and the third time, between the Feast of the Epiphany, and the Feast of the Purification of the blessed Mary: and in every Shire at every taking of Assises, before their Departure, they shall appoint the Day of their Return, so that every one of the Shire may know of their coming, and shall adjourn the Assises from Term to Term, if the taking of them be deferred at any Day by vouching to Warranty, by Essoin, or by Default of Jurors: and if they see that it be pro.fitable for any Cause that Assises of Mortdauncestor, being respited by Essoin or Voucher, ought to be ad.journed into the Bench, it shall be lawful for them to do it, and then they shall send the Record with the original Writ before the Justices of the Bench; and when the Matter is come to the taking of the Assise, the Justices of the Bench shall remit the Matter to the former Justices before whom the Assise shall be taken. But from henceforth the Justices of the Bench in such Assises shall give four Days at the least in the Year [before the said Justices assigned, for to spare Expence and Labour : Inquisitions of Trespass shall be deter.

mined before the Justices of both Benches,'] except the Trespass be so hainous that it shall require great Examination : Inquisitions also of other Pleas pleaded in either of the Benches, shall be determined before them, wherein small Examination is required, as when the Entry or Seisin of any is denied, or in case when one Article is to be inquired: but Inquisitions of many and great Articles, the which require great Ex.amination, shall be taken before the Justices of the [Bench,*J except that both Parties desire that the Inqui.sition may be taken afore some of the Associates when they do come into those Parts ; [so that from henceforth it3 J shall not be done but by two Justises, or one with some Knight of the Shire, upon whom the Parties can agree; and such Inquisitions shall not be determined by any Justices of the Bench, unless a Day and a Place certain be appointed in the Shire, in presence of the Parties, and the Day and Place shall be mentioned in a Writ judicial by these Words: [Praecipimus tibi quod venire facias coram Justiciariis nostris apud Westmo- nasterium in oftabis Sancti Michaelis, nisi talis & talis tali die & loco ad partes illas venerint, duodecim, &c.*] And when such Inquests be taken, they shall be re.turned into the [Bench,1] and there shall Judgement be given, and there they shall be inrolled. And if any In.quisitions be taken otherwise than after this Form, they shall be of no Effed, except that an Assise of Darrein presentment, and Inquisitions of Quare impedit shall be determined in their own Shire before one Justice of the Bench and one Knight, at a Day and Place certain in the Bench assigned, whether the Defendant consent or not, and there the Judgement shall be given immediately: All Justices of the Benches [from henceforth shall have in their Circuits5 ] Clerks to inroll all Pleas pleaded be.fore them, like as they have used to have in Time passed. And also It is Ordained, That the Justices assigned to take Assises shall not compel the Jurors to say precisely whether it be Disseisin or not, so that they do shew the Truth of the [Deed,6] and require Aid of the Justices; but if they of their own head will say, that it is (7) Disseisin, their Verdict shall be admitted at their own Peril. And from henceforth the Justices shall not put in Assises or Juries any other than those that were sum.moned to the same at the first.

WHEN one that is impleaded before any of the Justices doth alledge an Exception, praying that the Justices will allow it, which if they will not allow, if he

*. Before the said Justices assigned, for to spare expence and labour, shall be determined Inquisitions to le taken of Trespasses pleaded before the Justices of either Bench,

* Benches 3 which from henceforth

4 We command thee, to cause to come before our Justices at Westmin.ster, in the OBave of Saint Michael, unless such and such, at such a day and place, come to those parts, Twelve, life.

1 and in the Circuits, from henceforth shall have 6 Ft/B 7 or is not

militib3 Com in quern veSint & capiant assias pdcas & attin&as ad plus ter p anii, videlicet semel in? quinde- nam Sci Johis Baptiste & gulam Augusd & i?um in? festum Exaltac&nis See Crucis & OClab Sci Micfcis, & tcio inter festum Epftie & festum Purificaconis be Marie: et in quolibet Coin ad qÒmlibet capcom assTaj anteq*m recedant, statuant diem de reditu suo, Ita qd omes de Com scire possint eojt adventu, et de ?mino in ?minu adjoment assisas, si p vocacbm waranti, p essoii, p defeum recognitop [si'] ad unum diem capcio ea£ dif- feratur: et si aliqua de causa viderint qd utile sit qd assise Mortis antecessoris p essoniu vel vocaeom waranti respeCtuate adjoment' in Banco, liceat eis hoc facere, et tuc mittant Justic? de Banco recordum cum brevi on- ginali; [Et cu loquela pveniat' ad capeione assle re- mittat' loquela cu brevi originaliJ] p Justic? de Banco ad priores Justic? coram quibj capiatur assla. Set dece?o dent JustiC de Banco in hujusmodi assisis ad minus qua- tuor dies p [annu, coramJ] pfatis Justic: assign, ut peat' laboribj & expensis at?minent' inquisicSnes capiende de t*nsgressionib3 pladtatis. coram JustiC de utroq, Banco, nisi ita enormis sit t*nsgressio, qd magna indi- geat examinacone : attminent' eciam coram eis inquisi- cones de aliis placitis placitatis in utroq, Banco in quibj facilis est examinacio, ut quando dedicit' ingressus vel seisina alicuj5, vel in casu cum de uno articulo sit in- quirend; set inquisicSnes de grossis & plurib3 articulis que magna indigent examinacSne, capiant' coram Jusri? de Bands, nisi ambe ptes petant qd inquisido capiat' coram aliquib3 de societate cum in ptes illas veSint, quod dece?o non fiat nisi p duos Justic? vel unu cum aliquo milite de Com, in que ptes consenciut; nec at- Eminent' huj9modi inquisicSnes coram aliquib3 JustiC de Banco nisi statuantur certus dies & locus in Com in psencia pciu & dies & locus inserant' in brevi de ju- dicio p hec verba: Precipim9 tibi qd venire facias co.ram Justic nris apud Westm in oeftab Sci Michis, nisi talis & talis, tali die & loco, ad ptes illas veSint, xij. 8cc.

Et cu huj9modi inquisicSnes capte fuint retomet' in Bands, & ibi fiat judiciu & irrotuletur. Et si omissa forma pdea alique inquisiciones capiant', p nullis hean- tur, excepto qd assla Ultime psentacois & inquisicoes sup Quare impedit attminent' in ppio Com coram uno Justic de Banco & uno milite, ad certos tamen diem & locu in Banco statutos, sive defendens consenciat sive non, & ibi statim reddatur judidu: heant deceto oiSes Justic de Bands [& *] Itinerib3 cticos irrotulantes omia placita coram eis placitata, sicut antiquit9 hre consue- verut. Ite ordinatu est qd Justii? ad assias capiendas assign, non compellant juratores dicere pcise si sit diss vel non, dumodo volSint diSe veritatem fei, & pete auxiliu Justic; set si sponte velint dicere qd disseis* est vel non, admittatur eop veredem sub suo piculo.

Et deceto non ponant Justic? in assis aut Jur aliquos Juratores nisi eos qui ad hoc primo fuerunt sumoiti.

Cum aliquis implacitatus coram aliquib3 Justic ppo- M 43 nat excepcoem & petat qd Justic earn allocent, quam si allocare noluerint si ille qui excepcoem pponet, scribat

1 Old Printed Copies omit this Word. It it interlined in Lib. Hern

* Interlined on the Roll.

> annu. H Coram Reg. si.

* in Lib. Rub. Scacc. Dubl: Printed Copies.ÑLib. Horn, readi de banco Sc in Itinere


illam excepcbem & petat qd JustiC apponant sigilla in tes- timoniu, JustiC sigilla sua apponant, Et si unus apponere noluerit, apponat alius de societate. Et si forte ad queri- moniam de fto Justic venire faciat Diis Rex recordutn coram eo, & si ilia excepcio non inveniatur in rotulo, & querens ostendat excepc&m scriptam cum sigillo JustiC appenso, mandetur Justif qd sit ad certum diem ad cog- noscendum sigillum suu vel dedicendutn ; Et si Justi? sigillum suu dedicere non possit, pcedat' ad judiciu scdm illam excepc&m put admittenda esset vel cassanda.

Cum Viri religiosi & alie psone ecctiastice implaci- tent aliquem & implacitatus fe?it defaltam ob quam ten amitfe debeat, quia JustiC hucusq^ [timuerunt'] qd si implacitatus fecit defaltam p collusione, ut cu petens occone statuti p titulum doni aut alterius aliena- cftnis seisinam de ten consequi non posset, p illam defaltam consequeretr & fieret fraus statu to; Ordinatu est p Dnm Rege & concessu, qd in hoc casu postq*m defalta fta fSit, inquirat' p priam utru petens heat jus in sua peticbne aut non. Et si comptum fSit qd petens jus het in sua peticone pcedatur ad judiciu p petente & recupet seisinam suam ; Et si jus non habuit, in- curratur ten pxio duo feodi, si illud [pe - - -*] infra annu a tempe inquisiconis capte; Et si infra annu non petat, supiori dho incurratur si petat infra dimidiu annu post illu annu ; Et sic heat quilibet dns post pxitnu diim spacium dimidii anni ad petendu successive, quousq^ pveniatur ad Rege, cui ad ultimu p defcu alio£ diio^ ten incurratur : et ad calumpniandu juratores inquisicois admittant' quicuq^ capitales dni feodop, & similiter p Rege qui calumpniare volSit; & remaneat terra, postqÕm judiciu [clarum5 ] fSit, in manum Dili Regis, quousc^ ten p petentem vel aliquem capitalem diim disronetur, & oSetur Vic ad respondendum inde ad Sc'cium,

Quia multi tenentes erigunt cruces in tenementis suis aut erigi pmittunt, in p'judicium dnoj suo^, ut tenentes p p'vilegium Templap & Hospit tueri se possint, cont* capitales drios feodop ; statutu est qd huj9modi tenemta capitalib} dnis aut Regi incurrant', eodem modo quo statuit' alibi de teneiritis alienatis ad mortuam manum.

[Purveu est que si homme ravist femme, espouse, damoisele, ou autre femme desoremes, par la ou ele ne se est assentue ne avaunt ne apres, eit jugement de vie e de membre; e ensement par la ou home ravist femme, dame espouse damoisele, ou autre femme a force, tut seit ke ele se assente apres, eit tel jugement come avaunt est dit si il seit ateint a la suite le Rei, e la eit le Rei sa suite.4]

De mulierib3 abdudis cum bonis viri heat Rex sec- tam de bonis sic asportatis ; & ux si sponte reliquerit vi- rum suu, & abierit & moretur cum adultero suo, amittat imppetuu accom petendi dotem suam, que ei compere posset de ten viri, si sup hoc convincatur ; nisi vir suus sponte, & absq^ cohercione ePciastica earn recon- ciliet & secum cohabitare pmittat, in quo casu resti- tuatur ei accio. Qui monialem a domo sua abducat, licet monialis consenciat puniatur p p'sonam trium annop, & satisfaciat domui a qua abduda fu it compe- ten?, & n'omin9 redimatur ad voluntatem Regis.

' tenuerunt Printed Copies.

1 petat Reg. A. 1 datum Reg. A.

* Provisum est eciam qd si aliquis muliere sponsatam, puel- lam, aut aliam quamcuq, decePo rapiat, ubi nec ante, nec post consenserit; heat judiciu de vita & membris; PrePea cum aliquis mulierem sponsatam, puellam aut aliam quam- euq^ vi, ac con* voluntatem ipius rapuerit, licet post conse- ciat, heat tale judiciu ut supradcm est si covincatur, ad sedam Regis, ibi heat Rex seftam suam. Lit. Oust. London.fo. 1*7.

In MS. Colt. XVI. this Chapter is in Latin, nearly as above. In MS.Pari. 5316,the whole Statute is in French; In MS.Reg. 20 A. VIII. two Copies of the Statute are given, one wholly in French, and the other in Latin, but with this Chapter ill French ; MSS. Hart. 79, 3824, 5044. contain Abridgements of this Chapter in Latin.

See Note to Chapter 49, page 95.

that alledged the Exception do write the same Excep.tion, and require that the Justices will put to their Seals for a Witness, the Justices shall so do; and if one will not, another of [the Company'] shall. And if the King, upon Complaint [made of the Justices,1] cause the Re.cord to come before him, and the same Exception be not found m the Roll, and the Plaintiff shew the Ex.ception written, with the Seal of a Justice put to, the Justice shall be commanded that he appear at a certain Day, either to confess or deny his Seal; and if the Jus.tice cannot deny his Seal, they shall proceed to Judge.ment according to the same Exception, as it ought to be allowed or disallowed.

WHEN Religious Men and other Ecclesiastical Per.sons do implead any, and the Party impleaded maketh Default, whereby he ought to leese the Land, foras.much as the Justices have thought hitherto that if the Party impleaded make Default by Collusion, that where the Demandant, by Occasion of the Statute, could not obtain Seisin of the Land by Title of Gift, or other Alienation, [he shall now Õ] by reason of the Default, and so the Statute is defrauded; It is Ordained by our Lord the King, and granted, That in this Case, after the Default made, it shall be inquired by the Country, whether the Demandant had Right in the Thing demanded, or no. And if it be found that the Demandant had Right in his Demand, the Judgement shall pass with him, and he shall recover Seisin: and if he hath no Right, the Land shall accrue to the next Lord of the Fee, if he demand it within a Year from the Time of the Inquest taken; and if he do not demand it within the Year, it shall accrue to the next Lord above, if he do demand it within half a Year after the same Year; and so every Lord after the next Lord shall have the Space of half a Year to demand it successively, until it come to the King, to whom at length, through Default of other Lords, the Lands shall accrue: And to challenge the Jurors of the Inquest, every of the Chief Lords of the Fees shall be admitted, and likewise for the King, they that will shall challenge; and after the Judgement given, the Land shall remain [clear4] in the KingÕs Hands, until it be dereigned by the Demandant, or some other Chief Lord, and the Sheriff shall be charged to answer therefore at the Exchequer.

FORASMUCH as many Tenants set up Crosses, or [cause4] to be set up in their Lands, in Prejudice of their Lords, that Tenants should defend themselves against the Chief Lords of the Fee, by the Privileges of Templars and Hospitalers; It is Ordained, That such Lands shall be forfeit to the Chief Lords, or to the King, in the same manner as is provided (6) for Lands aliened in Mortmain.

IT is Provided, That if a Man from henceforth do ravish a Woman, married, Maid, or other, where she did not consent, neither before nor after, he shall have Judgement of Life and of Member. And likewise where a Man ravisheth a Woman, married Lady, Damosel, or other, with Force, although she consent after, he shall have such Judgement as before is said, if he be at.tainted at the KingÕs Suit, and there the King shall have the Suit.

And of Women carried away with the Goods of their Husbands, the King shall have the Suit for the Goods so taken away. And if a Wife willingly leave her Hus.band, and go away, and continue with her Advouterer, she shall be barred for ever of Adion to demand her Dower, that she ought to have of her HusbandÕs Lands, if she be convid thereupon, except that her Husband willingly, and without Coertion of the Church, recon.cile her, and suffer her to dwell with him; in which Case she shall be restored to her Adion. He that car- rieth a Nun from her House, although she corÇent, shall be punished by three Years Imprisonment, and shall make convenient Satisfadion to the House from whence she was taken, and nevertheless shall make Fine at the KingÕs Will.

1 thote associated ' of ªhaÔt,,e dastice halt done

1 yet he shall obtain it 4 Not in Original.

, ^rm(V * elsewhere

Proceeding* on Bill* of Exception*.

XXXII. Remedy in cate of Mortmain under

Judgement* by Collusion. [5Vr Statute 7 Edw. /. de Vine Rcligiojii']

Challenge of the Jurors.

XXXIII. Lands where Crosses be set shall be forfeited.

XXXIV.

Judgement of Life and Member for Rape.

Dower forfeited by Elopement with

Adulterer.

Taking away of a Nun.

XXXV. Punishment of him that taketh away aWard.

Writ of Ravishment of Ward.

In the proper County.

Procesi against an Offender.

Writ, if the Heir be carried into another County.

Death of the Heir before the Suit ended.

Death of the Plaintiff.

Death of the Defendant.

Resummons in communi custodia.

CONCERNING Children Males or Females, whose Marriage belongeth to another, taken and carried away, if the Ravisher have no Right in the Marriage, though after he restore the Child unmarried, or else pay for the Marriage, he shall nevertheless be punished for his Of.fence by two Years Imprisonment. And if he do not restore, or do marry the [Child'] after the Years of Consent, and be not able to satisfy for the Marriage, he shall abjure the Realm, or have perpetual Imprisonment; and thereupon the Plaintiff shall have such a Writ: [Si A. fecerit te securum de clamore suo, &c. tunc pone per vadium, &c. B. quod sit coram Justiciariis, &c. ostensurus, quare talem haeredem infra aetatem existen- tem, cujus maritagium ad ipsutn pertinet, tali loco in- ventum rapuit & abduxit contra voluntatem ipsius A. & contra pacem nostram, &c.'] And if the Heir be in the same County, then this Clause must be thereto added: [Et diligenter inquiras, ubi ille haeres sit in balliva tua; & ipsum (ubicunque fuerit inventus) capias, & salvo & secure custodias, ita quod eum habeas coram praefatis Justiciariis nostris ad praefatum terminum, ad reddendum cui praediftorum A. vel B. reddi debeat:3] and Suit shall be made against the Party on whom Complaint is made, until he come in by Distress, if he have whereby he may be distrained; or else for his Contumacy, in case he be not [justifiable,4] he shall be (!) outlawed ; and if percase the Heir be [married or carried6] into another County, then a Writ shall be dire&ed to the Sheriff of the same Shire in this Form: [Questus est nobis A. quod B. nuper talem haeredem infra aetatem & in custodia sua existentem tali loco in comitatu tali rapuit, & de comitatu tali ad talem locum in ComÕ tuo abduxit contra voluntatem ipsius

A. & contra pacem nostram, &c. Et ideo tibi prae- cipimus, quod praedi&um haeredem (ubicunque in bal.liva tua invenire poteris) capias, & salvo & secure eum custodias, ita quod eum habeas coram Justitiariis nos.tris, &c. tali die, quern idem A. habet versus prae- didtum B. ad reddendum cui de jure reddi debeat.7] And if the Heir do die afore he can be found, or be.fore he can be restored to the Plaintiff, the Plea shall pass between them nevertheless, until it be tried unto whom he ought to have been restored if he had been living ; neither shall the Ravisher of such a one be excused or eased of the Punishment aforesaid by the Death of the Heir, whom he did withhold by wrong during his Life. And if the Plaintiff die before the Plea determined, if the Right belong to him by reason of his proper Fee, the Plea shall be resummoned at the Suit of the Heir of the Plaintiff, and the Plea shall pass in due Order; but if the Right belongeth to him by another Title, as by a Title of Gift, Sale, or other sucn like, then the Plea shall be resummoned at the Suit of the Executors of the Plaintiff, and the Plea shall pass as before is said. In the same manner if the Defendant die before the Plea be tried, or the Heir be restored, the Plea shall pass by Resummons between the Plaintiff, his Heirs or Executors, and the Executors of the Defendant, or his Heirs, if the Executors be not sufficient, to satisfy for the Value of the Marriage, after as it is contained in other Statutes, but not as to the Pain of Imprison.ment, [for8] none ought to be punished for the Offence of another. In the same manner when a Plea hangeth between Parties for the Ward of Land, or of an Heir, or of both, by the common Writ that beginneth Praecipe

' Heir

* If A. give thee Surely for proreculing hit claim, then put by Gage,life.

B. that he be before the Justices, Uc. to shew, wherefore juch an Heir being within Age, whole marriage belongeth to him, in tuch a place found, he hath ravished and carried away, againit the Will of him the laid A. and againit our peace. Isle.

3 And d'digently enquire where that Heir may be within thy Bailiwick, end him, wheresoever he shall be found, take, and idfely and securely keep, so as to have him before our aforesaid Justices at the Term aforesaid, to render to which of them the afore laid A. or B. he ought to be rendered.

4 justiciable 1 sxaBed and

6 carried and transferred

7 jl. hath complained unto Us that B. of late, such an Heir being within Age and in his Custody at such a place in tuch a County, did ravish, and from such County to tuch a place in thy County, did carry away, against the will of him the laid A. and against our peace. And therefore We com.mand thee to lake the aforesaid Heir, wherever in thy Bailiwick thou const find him, and him safely and securely keep, so as to have him before our

Justices at such a place and day, which day the said A. hath against the aforesaid B, to render to him to whom of right be ought to be rendered.

" wherewith

De pueris sive masculis sive femelt, quop maritagium ad aliquetn ptineat, raptis & abdudtis, si ille qui rap8it non hens jus in maritagiu, licet postmodum restituat puerum non maritatum, vel de maritagio satisfe?it, pu. niatr tamen p Pnsgressione p p'sonam duop annop. Et si non restitSit, vel heredem post annos nubiles mari- ta9it & de maritagio satisfac? non po?it, abjuret regnii vel heat ppetuam p'sonam, et sup hoc heat querens tale breve: Si A. fec?it te secuf de clam suo pros tunc pone per vadiu,&c. (') qd sit coram Justid &c. ostens quare talem heredem infra etatem existentem, cujus marita.gium ad ipm ptinet, tali loco inventu rapuit & abduxit, cont* voluntatem ipius A. & cont* pacem nram &c. Et si heres sit in eodem Com tunc addatur ista clausula: Et diligen? inquiras, ubi ille heres sit in battia tua, & ipm ubicuq^ fffit invent9 capias, & salvo & secure custodias, ita qd eu heas coram pfatis Justic nris ad pYatum tminu ad reddendum cui Pd?ojt A. vel B. reddi debeat: & fiat sefta 9sus ptem de qua quern' quousq^ p districcoem veSit, si heat p quod possit dis- tringi, vel p contumaciam si no sit justiciabilis exigatur& utlaget'; Si forte huj9modi heres ducatur & t*nsferatur in aliu Com tunc Vi? illius Com fiat breve in hac forma: Questus est nob A. qd B. nup talem heredem, infra etatem & in custodia sua existente, [ÑÕ] loco in Com tali rapuit & de Com tali ad talem locum in Com tuo abduxit, cont* voluntatem ipius A. & cont* pacem nram. Et ideo tibi pcipimus qd pdem heredem ubicuqs in balliva tua invenire potis capias & salvo & secure eu custodias ita qd eum heas coram Justic nris tali loco & die, que diem idem A. het 9sus pdem B. ad reddendum, cui de jure reddi debeat. Et si heres ante- qÔm inveniri pot it, vel anteq*m restituat' querenti obierit n'omin9 pcedat ptitum in? eos quousqs tminet' cui re- stitui deberet si supstes fuisset, nec excusabitur ille aut alleviabitur ille qui injuste rapuit huj9modi heredem de pena supradca post morte heredis cuj9 extitit male fidei

[posses----3] dum vixit. Et si querens obierit ante

placitum ?minatum, si jus ei competebat rone pprii feodi sui, resumoneatur loquela ad seftam heredis que- rentis & pcedat placitum debito ordine ; Si vero p aliu titulum competat ei jus, sicut titulo donacionis, ven- dicionis vel alio huj9modi titulo, tuc resumoneatur loquela ad sectam executors querentis & pcedat ptitum ut p>dcm est. Eodem modo si moriatur ps defendens anteq'm ptitum ?minet' vel heres restituatur, pcedat placitum p resumonicoem in? querente vel ejus here dem seu executores, & executores defendentis, vel ejus heredem si executores non sufficiant, quoad satis- faccom de valore maritagii, scdin qd in aliis statuti? continet', set non quoad penam p'sone, qua quis p alieno fco non est puniendus. Eodem modo cum pen- deat placitu in? ptes de custodia terre, [&4] heredis vel utriusq, p coe bre quod incipit, Precipe tali qd

' B. Lib.Horn.

1 tali ~j

3 possessor J> Keg. A.

4 vf J


reddat &c. fiat resumonicio in? heredes k executores querentis, & similiter heredes aut executores defenden- tis, si mors alteram ptem pveniat ante ptitum ?mi- natu; k cum pveniat' ad magnam districcom detur ?min9, infra que tres Com teneantur ad min9, in quop quolibet Coin fiat publica pclamacio, qd deforciator ve- niat ad bancu ad diem in brevi contentu, respond que- renti, ad quern diem si non vetJit & si pclamacio sic semel sfdo k ?cio testificata fSit, pcedatur ad judiciu p querente, salvo jure defendentis si postmodum inde loqui volSit. Eodem mn fiat in bri de Pnsgressione cu quis querit' se ejeftum fuisse de huj9modi custod.

Et quia dni cur & alii qui cur tenent k senescalli, volentes gravare subditos suos cum non tieant legalem viam eos gravandi, procurant alios movere querelas versus eos & dare vad k offerre pleg, vel impetÕre bria & ad seftas huj9modi querenciu compellunt eos sequi Com Hundr & Cur quousq^ finem fe?int cum ipis p voluntate sua; statutum est qd dece?o hoc non fiat. Et si quis p huj9modi falsas querimonias fSit atachiat9 replegiat districcom suam sic captam, & poni faciat Ioquelam coram Justic, coram quibj (') Vic vel alius Batts vel dns, postq'm sic distridus formavit querimo- niam suam [& Õ] advocavit justam districcoem r3ne huj9modi querimoniajs coram eis fcajj, & replicetur qd huj9modi querimonie vsus eos movebantur maliciose ad instanciam seu pcuracom Vic aut aliojs battio^ aut diiop, admittatur ilia replicacio. Et si sup hoc con- vidi fSint versus Dnm Regem redimant' k n'omin9 huj9modi sic gravatis dampna in triplo restituant.

Quia eciam batti, ad quos ex officio ptinet distric- c6nes facere, volentes subditos suos g'vare ut ab eis pecuniam extorqueant, mittunt ignotos ad faciend dis- tricc&es ea intenc&ne ut subditos g*vare possint, p hoc qd sic distridi non hentes noticiam psonajj non pmit- tut huj9modi districcones sup eos fieri; Statutu est qd nulla districco fiat nisi p battios juratos k notos; k dis- tringentes si alio modo fecint & de hoc convidi fuerint, si g"vati breve de fnsgressione impet'verint, restituant gravatis dampna, & versus Regem g'viter puniant'.

Quia eciam Vie, Hundr, Batti libtatum consueverunt g'vare subditos suos, ponendo in assisis (J) Jur, homines languidos, decrepitos, ppetua vel tempali infirmitate lan- guentes, homines eciam tempe sumonicois sue in pfia no comorantes; sumonendo eciam effrenatam multitudinem Juratoj ita ut a quibjdam eos in pace dimittendo pecu.niam extorqueant, & sic fiunt assTe k Jur multociens p paupiores, divitib} p suo dando domi comorantiby; Statutum est deceto, qd non sumoneant' in una assla plures q*m viginti & quatuor; Senes eciam videlicet ultra sexaginta & decern annos, ppetuo languidi, vel tempe sumonicois infirmi, vel in [priam*] non comorantes non ponant' in Juratis vel minorib} assis ; nec eciam po- nantur in assisis aut Juratis, licet in ppÕo Com capi de- beant, aliqui qui minus tieant ten, qÔm ad valenciam vi.ginti solidoji [p aiiu;5] et si huj9modi assTe k Jurate ext* Com capi debeant non ponatr in eis aliquis qui min9 ten heat q*m ad valenciam quadraginta solidop p annu, hiis exceptis, qui testes sunt in cards, vel aliis scriptis quop Psencia necessaria est, dutamen potentes sint ad labo-

1 si "I ã . J & Lib. Horn.

* omitted f e&Ô Ô Ç pna Reg. A.

5 Interlined on the Roll.

!?¥ \uodT rfddat. &c, Resummons shall be made between the Heirs and Executors of the Plaintiff, and likewise the Heirs and the Executors of the Defendant, it Death prevent any of the Parties before the Plea de- termined ; and when they have passed to the great Dis.tress, a Day shall be given, within which three County Courts may be holden at the least, in every of which open Proclamation shall be made, that the Deforcer shall come into the Bench at the Day contained in the Writ, l¡ .anfWer Pontiff * at which Day if he come not, and the Proclamation be so returned once, twice, [or1] thnee, the Judgement shall pass for the Plaintiff, saving the Right of the Defendant, if after he will claim it. In the same manner it shall be done in a Writ of Tres.pass, when any coinplaineth himself to be ejected from such Wardships

FORASMUCH as Lords of Courts, and other that keep Courts, and Stewards, intending to grieve [their Inferiors,Õ] where they have no lawful mean so to do, procure other to move Matters against them, and to put in Surety and [otherJ] Pledges, or to purchase Writs, and at the Suit of such Plaintiffs compel them to follow the County, Hundred, [Wapentake,] and other like Courts, until they have made Fine with them at their will; It is ordained, that it shall not be so used hereafter. And if any be attached upon such false Complaints, he shall replevy his Distress so taken, and shall cause the Matter to be brought afore the Justices, before whom if the Sheriff, [Bailiff, or other Lord,*] after that the Party distrained hath framed his Plaint, will advow the Distress lawful by reason of such Complaints made unto them, and it be replied that such Plaints were moved maliciously against the Party by the Solicitation or Pro.curement of the Sheriff, or other Bailiffs, or Lords, the same Replication shall be admitted ; and if they be con- vift hereupon, they shall make Fine to the King, and ne.vertheless restore treble Damages to the Parties grieved.

FORASMUCH also as Bailiffs, to whose Office it belongeth to take Distresses, intending to grieve [their Inferiors,5] that they may exaft Money of them, do send Strangers to take Distresses, to the Intent that they might grieve [their Inferiors,5] by reason that the Parties so distrained, not knowing such Persons, will not suffer the Distresses to be taken ; It is Provided, That no Dis.tress shall be taken, but by Bailiffs sworn and known. And if they which do distrain do otherwise, and thereof be convift, if the Parties grieved will purchase a Writ of Trespass, they shall restore Damages to the Parties grieved, and besides, shall be grievously punished to.wards the King.

FORASMUCH also as Sheriffs, Hundreders, and Bailiffs of Liberties, have used to grieve [those which be in Subje&ion unto them,5] putting in Assises and Juries Men diseased and decrepit, and having continual or sudden Disease, and Men also that dwelled not in the Country at the Time of the Summons; and summon also an unreasonable Multitude of Jurors, for to extort Money from some of them for letting them go in peace, and so the Assises and Juries pass many Times by poor Men, and the rich Men abide at home by reason of their Bribes: It is ordained, That from henceforth in one Assise no more shall be summoned than four and twenty; and old Men, above Threescore and ten years,

(6) being continually sick, or being diseased at the Time of the Summons, or not dwelling in that Country, shall not be put in Juries [of7] petit Assises; nor any shall be put in Assises or Juries, though they ought to be taken in their own Shire, [that may dispend less than *] Twenty Shillings yearly ; and if such Assises and Ju.ries be taken out of the Shire, none shall pass in them [but such as may dispend"] Forty Shillings yearly at the least, except such as be Witnesses in Deeds or other Writings, whose Presence is necessary, so that they be

1 and " their Tenants

3 offer 4 or other Eoiiiff, or Lord

5 those 'within their jurisJifiion

6 men 7 or

8 that have a less Tenement than to the Value of

The like in

Eje&ione

cuitodiae.

XXXVI.

Penalty for

Procurement

of Suits in

Courts-

Baron,

County-

Courts, See.

Fine to the King and Treble Damages to Parties aggrieved.

XXXVII. No Distress but by Bailiffs known and sworn.

XXXVIII.

How many and what Sort of Persons shall be returned in Juries or Petit Assises.

VOL. I.

A a


Exception, as to great Assises.

Sheriffs or

Officers

offending.

XXXIX. How Writs shall be delivered to Sheriffs to be executed.

Remedy for Non-return of Writs.

The like for false Returns.

The like where a Liberty is returned.

The like for Sheriff's false Return of Issues.

able to travel: Neither shall this Statute extend to great Assises, in which it behoveth many times Knights to pass not resident in the Country, for the Scarcity of Knights, so that they have Land in the Shire. And if the Sheriff, or his [ Undersheriffs,'] or Bailiffs of Li.berties, offend in any Point of this Statute, and there.upon be convift, Damages shall be awarded to the Parties grieved, and they shall nevertheless be amerced to the King; and Justices assigned to take Assises, when they come into the Shire, shall have Power to hear the Plaints of all Complainants as to the Articles contained in this Statute, and to minister Justice in Form aforesaid.

FORASMUCH as Justices, to whose Office it be- longeth to minister Justice to all that sue before them, are many Times disturbed in due Execution of their Office, for that Sheriffs do not return Writs original and judicial; and also for that they make false Returns unto the KingÕs Writs ; Our Lord the King hath pro.vided and ordained, That such as do fear the Malice of Sheriffs, shall deliver their Writs original and judicial in [the open County, or in the County1] where the Collection of the KingÕs Money is ; and may take of the Sheriff or Undersheriff, being present, a Bill, wherein the Names of the Demandants and Tenants mentioned in the Writ shall be contained ; and at the Request of him that delivered the Writ, the Seal of the Sheriff or Undersheriff shall be put to the Bill for a Testimony, and Mention shall be made of the day of the Deliverance of the Writ. And if the Sheriff or Undersheriff will not put his Seal to the Bill, the Witness of Knights and other credible Persons being in presence shall be taken, that put their Seals to such Bill. And if the Sheriff will not return Writs delivered unto him, and Complaint thereof be made to the Justices, a Writ judicial shall go unto the Justices assigned to take Assises, that they shall inquire by such as were present at the Deliverance of the Writ to the Sheriff, if they knew of the Deliver.ance, and an Inquest shall be returned. And if it be found by the Inquest, that the Writ was delivered to him, Damages shall be awarded to the Plaintiff' or De.mandant ; having respeft to the Quality and Quantity of the Action, and to the Peril that might have come to him by reason of the Delay that he sustained ; and by this mean there shall be Remedy when the Sheriff retumeth that the Writ came too late, whereby he could not execute the KingÕs Commandment.

Oftentimes also Pleas be delayed by reason that the Sheriff returneth that he hath commanded the Bailiffs of some Liberty which did nothing therein, and nameth Li.berties that never had the Return of Writs ; whereupon our Lord the King hath ordained, That the Treasurer [and Barons] of the Exchequer shall deliver [to the Jus.tices] in a Roll all the Liberties in all Shires that have Return of Writs. And if the Sheriff answer that he hath made Return to a Bailiff of another Liberty than is contained in the said Roll, the Sheriff shall be forthwith punished as a Disheritor of our Lord the King and his Crown. And if peradventure he return that he hath de.livered the Writ to a Bailiff of some Liberty that indeed hath Return, the Sheriff shall be commanded, that he shall not spare for the foresaid Liberty, but shall execute the KingÕs Precept; and that he do the Bailiffs to wit to whom he returned the Writ, that they be ready at a Day contained in the Writ, to answer why they did not exe.cute the KingÕs Precept; And if they come at the Day, and acquit themselves, that no Return was made to them, the Sheriff shall be forthwith condemned to the Lord of the same Liberty, and likewise to the Party grieved by the Delay, for to render Damages. And if the Bailiffs come not in at the Day, or do come, and do not acquit themselves in manner aforesaid, in every judicial Writ, so long as the Plea hangeth, the Sheriff shall be commanded that he shall not spare for the Liberty, See. Many times also Sheriffs make false Re.turns as touching [these Articles,5] Quod de exitibus,&c. returning sometime, and lying, that there be no Issues, sometime that there are small Issues, when they may re.turn great, and sometime do make mention of no Issues;

1 Under-bailiffs

* tht full County Court, or the rtrt County Court, 1 tbit jlrticie

randu; nec debet istud statutu extendi ad magnas assias in quibj aliqn oportet appoSe milites in pria non resi.dences, pp? paucitatem militum, dum tamen in Com Leant ten. Et si Vic vel subballivi sui vel baHi lifetatis cont* istud statutu in aliquo articulo veSint, & sup hoc convincantur, restituant dampna gravatis, & nÕomin9 sint in iftia Dili Regis; & Leant Justic ad assis capiendas assignati cum in Coin venlint, potestatem audiendi queri- monias singulo^ conquerenciu, quoad articulos in isto sta- tuto contentos & justiciam in forma p>dca exhibendam.

Quia JustiC, ad quo£ officium spectat unicuiq^ coram eis placitanti justiciam exhibere, frequencius impediunt' quorum9 officiu suu debito modo exequi possent, p hoc qd Vic bria originalia & judicialia non retÕnant, p hoc ecia qd ad brevia Regis falsum retumant responsum, pvidit Dns Rex & ordinavit, qd illi qui timent maliciam Vic libenr bria sua originalia & judicialia in pleno Coin, vel in retro Com, ubi fit colleccio denariop Dili Regis, & capiatur bilettu de Vic p'sente vel subvic in quo biletto contineant' nomina pet & ten que noiant' in bri, & ad requisicoem illius qui breve lifeabit apponat' sigillu ViS vel Subvic in testimoniu & fiat mencio de die liberacois bfis. Et si Vic vel Subvic hujÕmodi biletto sigilla sua appon!e noluerint, capiatur testimoniu militum & alio^ fide dignop qui pkentes fSint, qui sigilla sua huj9inodi biletto apponant. Et si Vic brevia sibi libata non ret'- na$it, & sup hoc Justic? querimonia pveniat, mandetur p breve de judicio Justic ad assis capiend assign, qd inquirant p eos qui p'sentes fuint quando bre Vic? libatum fuit si sciverint de ilia libacone, & inquisicio retornet'. Et si comptum fu*it p inquisicom qd breve fuit ei libatum, adjudicentÕ petenti vel querenti dampna, Lito respeftu ad qantitatem & qualitatem accois & ad piculum quod ei evenire posset p dilonem, quam paciebatur; Et p istam viam fiat remediu, quando Vic respondet qd breve adeo tarde venit qd pkeptum Regis exequi non potuit.

Multociens eciam capiunt placita dilonem p hoc qd Vic respondet ad pkepet Ballivis alicuj9 libertatis qui niehil inde fecunt & noiant libtates que nuq'm retÕnu brium Luerunt, pp? quod ordinavit Dns Rex qd Thesauf de Sc'cio libet in rotulo offies libtates in quibuscumqv Coni, que Lent retumu brium. Et si Vic respondeat qd returnum fecit baHis altius lifetatis qÔm alicuj9 contente in p'dco rotulo, statim puniatur Vic tanq"m exheredator Dili Regis & Corone sue. Et si forte respond qd retornavit BaHis alicuj9 life.tatis, que veracir retÕnu Let, mandetur Vi?, qd non omittat pp? pklcam libtatem, quin exequatur pkeptum Dili Regis, et qd scire faciat BaHis quiby fecit ret'nu qd sint ad diem in bri contentu ad respondend quare de pkepto Dhi Regis execucoem non fecerut; et si ad diem veriint & se acquietent qd retÕnum [bris'] eis non fuit feum statim condempnetÕ Vic dho illius lifetatis & simili? pti lese p diloem in restitucoem dampnop. Et si BaHi ad diem non veSint, vel ven^int & supÔdco modo se non acquietavÕint, in quolibet bri de judicio q"mdiu durat placitum, pkipiatur Vic qd non omittat pp? lib.tatem, &c. Multociens eciam falsum dant responsum, quoad ilium articulu, Quod de exitibus, &c. mandantes aliq'ndo & mencientes, qd nulli sunt exitus, aliquando qd pvi sunt cum de majorib} respondere possunt, aliqn non facientes mencoem de exitib3; pp? quod

1 Interlined on the Roll.


ordinatum est & concordatum qd si querens petat au- ditum responsionis Vie concedat' ei; Et si offerat veri- ficare qd Vie, de majorib3 exitibj respondere potuit, fiat ei breve de judicio ad Justie ad assisas capiendas assign, qd inquirant in p>sencia [- -'] si in?esse volSit de quibj & quantis exitibj Vie respondere potuit, a die recep- c&is bris, usq ad diem in bri contentu. Et cum inqui- sido retomata fSit, si de pleno p'us non respondit o8etr de supplusagio [- -Õ] exfdas libatas ad Sc'cm, et n'omin9 graviter a$ciet' p concelamento. Et sciat Vie qd redditus, blada in g'ngia, & omia mobilia p>ter equi- taturam, indumenta & utensilia dom9 continent' sub noie exituu: [p>cipitJ] Dns Rex qd Vie p huj9modi falsis respons, semel & itum si sit necesse, p Justie cas- rigent'. Et si tcio deliquerint alius non apponat manu qÔm Dns Rex. Multociens edam (4) dant responsum [ma - doJ] qd non potuerunt psequi pceptum Regis pp? resistenciam potestatis alicuj9 magnatis, de quo ca- veant Vie deceto, quia huj9modi responsio multum redundat in dedecus Dni Regis ; & q'meito [bath6] sui [test - ¥ ur7] qd invenerunt huj9modi resistenciam, statim omibj omissis, assumpto secu posse Coin sui eat in ppa psona ad faciend execucoem; Et si inveniat aubbaltios mendaces puniat eos p p'sonam, ita qd [- - -"] p eoj> penam castigent'; Et si inveniat eos veraces, cas- tiget resistentes p p'sonam, a qua non deliberent' sine spedali p>cepto Dili Regis. Et si forte Vie cum veiiit resistenciam inveSit, ?tificet curiam de noibj resistenciu, auxilianciu, consencienciu, p^cipienciu & fautop, & p breve de judicio attach p corpa ad veniendum ad cu.riam; Et si de huj9modi resistencia convincant', (9) sedm qd Dno Regi plac&it. [N - -"'] intromittat se aliquis minister Dni Regis de pena hujsinodi infligenda, quia Diis Rex hoc spaliter sibi reservat p eo qd huj9modi resistentes cencent' pacis sue & regni pturbatores.

Cum quis alienat jus uxis sue, concordatum est qd dece?o sefta mulieris vel ejus heredis non differatur post obitum viri, p minorem etatem heredis qui waran- tizare debet, set expeftet emptor, qui ignorare non debuit qd jus alienu emit, usq, ad etatem waranti sui de warantia sua henda.

Statuit Dns Rex qd si Abbates, Priores, Custodes Hospii, & aliap domop religiosajj, fundatajs ab ijk> vel a pgenitoribj suis [alienav^it"] dece?o ten domib3 ipis ab ipo vel a pgenitorib3 suis collata, ten ilia in manu Dni Regis capiant' & ad voluntatem suam teneant', et emptor amittat suum recupare tarn de ten qÕm de pe- cunia quam pacavit. Si autem domus ilia a Comi- tib3 Baronib3, vel aliis fundata fSit, de ten sic alienatis heat ille a quo vel a cuj9 antecessore ten sic alienatum collatum fuit, breve ad recupand ten illud in diiico, quod tale est: Precipe tali Afebi qd juste, &c. reddat B. tale ten, quod eidem domui collatum fuit in libam elemosinam p p*dcm B. vel antecessores suos, & quod ad p'dffm B. rev*ti debet p alienacoem quam pdcus Abbas fecit de p*d£o ten contra formam collacionis predee ut dicit. Eodem modo de tenemto dato p Can-

1 Vic

3 St Seep'

* fals

3 mandando 6 subballivi

Wherefore it is ordained and agreed, That if the Plain- tiff demand hearing of the SheriffÕs Return, it shall be granted him ; and if he offer to aver that the Sheriff might have returned greater Issues [unto the King,] he shall have a Writ judicial unto the Justices assigned to take Assises, that they shall inquire in Presence of the Sheriff if he will be there of what and how great Issues the Sheriff might have made Return from the Day of the Writ [purchased '] unto the Day contained in the Writ. And when the Inquest is returned, if he have not afore answered for the Whole, he shall be charged with the Overplus by the Extreats [of the Justices] delivered in the Exchequer, and nevertheless shall be grievously amerced for the Concealment. And let the Sheriff know that Rents, Com in the Grange, and all moveables, ex.cept Horse Harness, (*) and Houshold Stuff, be con.tained within the Name of Issues. And the King hath commanded, that Sheriffs shall be punished by the Jus.tices once or twice, if need be, for such false Returns ; and if they offend the third Time, none shall have to do therewith but the King. They make also many times false Answers, returning that they could not execute the KingÕs Precept for the Resistance of some great Man ; [wherefore3] let the Sheriffs beware from hence.forth, for such Manner of Answers redound much to the Dishonour of the King; and as soon as his [Bailiffs4] do testify that they found such Resistance, forthwith all Things set apart, taking with him the Power of the Shire, he shall go in proper Person to do Execution ; and if he find his Underbailiffs false, he shall punish them by Imprisonment, so that other by their Example may be reformed ; and if he do find them true, he shall punish the Resisters by Imprisonment, from whence they shall not be delivered without the KingÕs special Commandment. And if percase the Sheriff" when he cometh do find Resistance, he shall certifie to the Court the Names of the Resisters, Aiders, Consenters, Com.manders, and Favourers, and by a Writ judicial they shall be attached by their Bodies to appear at the [KingÕs] Court; and if they be convict of such Resistance, they shall be punished at the KingÕs Pleasure. Neither shall any Officer of the KingÕs meddle in assigning the Pu.nishment, for our Lord the King hath reserved it spe.cially to himself, because that [Resisters have been5] reputed Disturbers of his Peace, and of his Realm.

WHERE any doth aliene the Right of his Wife, It is agreed, That from henceforth the Suit of the Woman, or her Heir, after the Death of her Husband, shall not be delayed by the Nonage of the Heir that ought to warrantise, but let the Purchaser tarry, which ought not to have been ignorant that he bought the Right of another, until the Age of his Warrantor, to have his Warranty.

OUR Lord the King hath ordained, That if Abbots, Priors, Keepers of Hospitals, and other Religious Houses founded by him or by his Progenitors, do from hence.forth aliene the Lands given to their Houses by him or by his Progenitors; the Land shall be taken into the KingÕs Hands, and holden at his Will, and the Pur.chaser shall lose his Recovery as well of the Lands, as of the Money that he paid. And if the House were founded by an Earl, Baron, or other Persons, for the Lands so aliened, he [from6] whom, or [from6] whose Ancestor, the Land so aliened was given, shall have a Writ to recover the same I.and in Demesne, which is thus: [Praecipe tali Abbati, quod juste, &c. reddat G.F. tale tenementum quod eidem domui collatum fu;t in liberam eleemosynam per predictum G. vel antecessores suos, & quod ad prediftum G. reverti debet per alienationem quam praediftus Abbas fecit de praedidto tenemento, contra formam collationis praedida:, ut dicit.7] In like manner for Lands given for the Main-

1 received * Wearing Apparel

> whereof 4 U nderbailiffs

5 each Resisters are 6 by

7 Command such an Abbot that justly,ÔAc. he render to B. caches Tenement, which to the said House was given in tree A,ms by the aforesaid B. or his Ancestors, and which to the aforesasd B. ought to revert, by the Alienation which the aforesaid Abbot hath mode oj the aforesaid Tenement, contrary to the Form of the Gift aforesaid, as he sacth.

Reg. A: Rot. Bodl.

' 7 testificent' . alii

9 puniant'

10 jjec

" alienavint

What thall be accounted Itsuct.

Resistance of Execution of Process.

Punishment

thereof.

XL.

A WomanÕs Suit not deferred by the Minority of the Heir.

XLI. Lands aliened by Religious Houses shall be seized into the KingÕs Hands.

Writ of Contra foima Collationis.

Land* for Maintenance ofaChantery, 8tc.

Writ of

Cessavit upon withdrawing of Alma.

6 Ed. I. c. 4.

XLII. Fees of the KingÕs Marshal:

From Earls and Barons.

From Abbots and Prion.

Archbishops and Bishops.

Religious

Men.

Fees of the KingÕs

Chamberlains.

XLIH.

Hospitallers and Templars shall draw no Man into Suit belonging to the KingÕs Court.

tenance of a Chanter)Õ, or of [Light Ô] in a Church or Chapel, or other Alms to be maintained, if the Land given be aliened. But if the Land so given for a Chan- tery, Light, Sustenance of poor People, or other Alms to be maintained or done, be not aliened, but such Alms is withdrawn by the Space of Two Years, an Aftion shall lie for the Donor or his Heir to demand the Land so given in demean, as it is ordained in the Statute of Gloucester for Lands leased to do or to render the fourth Part of the Value of the Land, or more.

CONCERNING the KingÕs Marshals of Fee, Cham.berlains, Porters in the Circuit of Justices and Serjeants bearing Vierge before Justices at Westminster, which have the same Office in Fee, and that ask more by rea.son of their Fee than they have used to ask, where.upon many do complain on them, that have known and seen the Order of the Court of long Time; Our Lord the King hath caused to be enquired by an Inquest what the said Officers of Fee have used to have in Times passed, and hath ordained and commanded, That a Mar.shall of Fee, which of new asketh a Palfray of Earls, Ba.rons, and other holding by aPart of a Barony, (Õ) when they have done Homage, and nevertheless another Pal.fray when they are made Knights, and of some [that ought not to give any, ask!] a Palfray: [It is in like manner ordained, That the said Marshal,1] of every Earl and Baron, holding by an entire Barony, shall be contented with one Palfray, or with the Price of it, such as he hath used to have of old; so that, if he took a Palfray, or the Price of one, at the doing of his Homage in Form aforesaid, he shall take nothing when he is made Knight; and if he look nothing at the doing of his Homage, when he is made Knight he shall take. Of Abbots and Priors holding an whole Barony, when they do Homage or Fealty for their Baronies, he shall take one Palfray, or the Price, as afore is said; and this shall also be observed [amongst'] Archbishops and Bishops. Of such as hold but a Part of a Barony, whether they be Religious or Secular, he shall take according to the portion of the part of the Barony that they hold. Of Religious Men that hold in free Alms and not by a Barony, nor Part of a Barony, the Marshal from henceforth shall demand nothing: And our Lord the King hath granted, that by this Statute [a5] Marshal of Fee shall not be barred hereafter to demand more, if he can shew that he hath Right unto more. The KingÕs Chamberlains from henceforth shall have of Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, and other Persons Spiritual, of Earls and Barons holding an entire Barony, a reasonable Fine when they do their Homage or Fealty (6); and if j they hold by a Part of a Barony, they shall take a rea.sonable Fine according to the Portion to them belong.ing. Other Abbots, Priors, and other Persons Spiritual and Temporal, that hold no entire Barony, nor Part of a Barony, shall not be distrained to make Fine, as it is said by them that hold by a Barony, or Part of a Barony, but the Chamberlain shall be contented with [his7] upper Garment, or with the Price thereof; which is done in favour of Persons Religious more than of Lay Persons; for it is more convenient that Religious Men should fine for their Upper Garment, than to be stripped.

BE it Prohibited from henceforth to Hospitallers and Templars, that hereafter they bring no Man in Plea before the Keepers of their Privileges for any Matter, the Knowledge whereof belongeth to the KingÕs Court; which if they do, first, they shall yield Damages to the Party grieved, and be grievously punished unto the King. The King also prohibiteth to the Keepers of such Privileges, that from henceforth they grant no Citations at the instance of Hospitallers, Templars, or other Per.sons privileged, before it be expressed upon what Matter the Citation ought to be made; and if the Keepers do see that Citation is required upon any Mat.ter, the Knowledge whereof belongeth to the KingÕs

1 a Light * a Palfray

* of tuhom he ought not to have a Palfray, of new aileth,

7 These Words are superfluous. 4 concerning

5 his 6 for their Baroniet 7 the

taria sustentanda vel luminari in aliqua Ecctia vel Ca- pella vel aliis elemosinis sustentandis, si ten sic datum aliened. Et si forte ten sic datum p Cantaria, Luminari potura paupum, vel aliis elemosinis susÕentandis, vel fa. ciendis non fu*it alienatum, set subtra&a fSit huj9modi elemosina p bienniu, competat accio donatori vel ejus heredi ad petendum ten sic datum in driico, sicut statu- turn est in statuto Glouc, de ten dimissis ad faciendum vel ad reddendum quartam ptem valoris ten, vel majoris.

De Marescallo Dili Regis de feodo, Cai8ar, Custod Hostiojs in Itinere Justic, & svientibus virgam portan- tib3, coram Justic apud Westm, qui officium illud tient de feodo & qui plus exigut racione feodi sui q*m exigfe consue9ut sedm qd multi querunt', p eos qui statum Curie a multo tempe viderunt & sciunt; Diis Rex inquiri fecit quern statum pÕdci ministri de feodo fore consuevWt tempibj ret¡adfis, & p inquisicbem statuit & pcepit, qd Marescallus de feodo qui de novo exigit paleffidum, de Comitibus, Baronibus & aliis, p ptem Ba- ronie tenentibus, [palefridum Õ] quando homagiu fe- cerut, & nichominus ad miliciam eo£ aliu palefridum, & de quibjdam de quib} palefridum hre non [debent *] palefridum de novo [exigunt,3] ordinavit qd p>dcus Marescallus de quolibet Comite & Barone, integ'm Baroniam tenente, de unico palefrido sit content9 vel de pkio, quale antiquitus pcipe [consueverut *] ; Ita qd si ad homagiu quod fecit palefridum vel p*cium cepit in forma pMca, ad miliciam suam nichil capiat; Et si forte ad homagium nieft cepit ad miliciam capiat.

De Abbatibj & Prioribus, integÕm Baroniam tenen- tibj, cum homagiu aut fidelitatem fec?int p Baroniis suis capiat palefridum vel pcium, ut pMcum est; hoc idem de Archiepis & Epis est observandu. De hiis autem qui ptem Baronie tenent, sive sint Religiosi sive secu- lares, capiant sedm porcoem ptis Baronie quam tenent. De Religiosis tenentibj in liberam elemosinam, & non p Baroniam vel ptem Baronie, nichil dece?o exigat Marescallus: & concessit Dfis Rex qd p hoc sratutu non pPcludat' Marescallus suus de feodo in plus petendo, si imposteru ostendere. poPit qd jus heat plus petendi. Caniarii Dili Regis heant decePo de Archiepis, Epis, Abbibj, Prioribj, & aliis psonis ecciasticis, Comitibj, Baronib3, integÒm Baroniam tenentib3, racionabilem finem cum homagiu aut fidelitate p Baroniis suis fec?int: Et si p ptem Baronie teneant, [capiat'] racionabilem finem, sddm porcoin ipos contingent;?. Alii vero Abbates & Priores & alii Religiosi & seculares, non tenentes p baroniam, vel ptem baronie, non distringantÕ ad finem faciend sedm qd de tenentib3 p baroniam, vel ptem ba.ronie [sicut dem est,6] set sit canJarius de sup>iori indu- mento content9, vel de pcio indumenti, quod plus dem est p Religiosis qÕm secularib3, quia honestius est qd religiosi finem faciant p supiori indumento q*m exuant'.

^ ProhibetÕ deceto Hospit & Templar ne deceto tra- hant aliquem in placitmn £oram consvatorib3 p'vilegiop suop, de aliqua re cuj9 cognicio ad forum Regiu pti- neat; quod si fec?int, pÕmo restitutis dampnis pti gÕvate, & versus Regem g*viter puniantÕ. Prohibet eciam Dns Rex consvatorib3 privilegiop eopdem ne dece?o ad instanciam Templar, Hospit, aut aliop p'vilegiatof concedant citacoes quousep scivW sup qua re fieri debeat citacb; et si viderint huj9modi conservatores qd petat' citacio de aliqua re cujus cognicio ad forum

1 Printed Copies omit. In Lib. Horn, the word is inserted, but struck through with a pen.

1 debu' Reg. A.Ñdebuit Lib. Horn.

3 exigit Reg. A : Lib. Horn.

4 cdsuev' Reg. A.Ñconsuevit, Lib. Horn.

3 capiant. Rot. Bodl: Lib. Horn.

6 J Interlined on the Roll.

\ dem est Reg. A : Rot. Bodl.Ñut $dcm est Lib. Horn.


S

Mi

s

c*

fc

s

*k

š*i

'i

<ai

liar]

ife

iki

magi

t;Iii

as

#BH

iim

RÈ

u

,iu

iš

Çi

P*

pi

ink

nnk

ife

;jfc

in

IffiSj

it

pi

iiÈ

kit

S(/

03*

if1*

: Çt (Wi

if*

rck

it**

litf

nU

Ir-

speftat regiu huj9modi consvatores nec citacoem faciant nec cognoscant. Et si aliter fecÕint, consvatores respond- eant pti lese de dampnis et n'ominus vers9 Regem gravi? puniant'. Et quia huj9modi p'vilegiati impetÕnt conser- vatores Subpriores, Precentores, Sacristas, viros religiosos, qui nichil bent unde lesis aut Dno Regi satisfacere pos- sint, qui audaciores sunt ad ledendu dignitatem Dili Regis qÔm eojs supiores, quib} p eop tempalia pena potest infligi: Caveant decefo plati huj9modi obedienciariop ne pnut- tant obedienciarios suos assunie sibi juridic&em in pdjudi- ciu Dni Regis & Corone sue; quod si fecmt p fco ipo^ respondeant supiores sui, ac si de pp'o fco convifti essent.

De custodibus hostiop in Itin!e & virgam portanribj coram Justic de Banco, ordinatum est qd de qualibet assia & Jurata quam custodiunt, capiant quatuor dena- rios tantu, De Cirographis nich. De hiis qui recupant demandas suas, p defaltam, reddicoem, vel alio modo p judicium, sine assia & Jurata, de hiis qui recedunt sine die p defaltam petentis vel querentis, nich capiant. Et si quis recupavit demandant suam, vers9 ptes p unu bre & p recogfi assie aut Jur, de quatuor denar sint con.tend. Et similiter (') in uno brevi noiati, p recogii assie vel Jur, de quatuor denar sint contend. De hiis qui faciunt homagiu in Banco de supiori panno sint contend. De magnis assisis, attinftis, Jur, & de duello pcusso, xij. denar tantu capiant'. De hiis qui vocati sunt coram Justid ad sequendu vel defendendu ptitum suu, nicb [dentp ingressu vel egressu. Ad placita Corone de qualibet duodena xij. den tantum capiant'. De quolibet p'sone delifeato, quatuor den tantu capiant'. De quolibet (J) cuj9 pax pclamata f9it xij. den tantum capiant'. [De inventoribj vicinis & aliis villatis attach, quatuor hoibj & p*poito decennar, nicb capiat'.*] De Cirographariis p cirogÒpho faciendo statutum est, qd de quatuor solidis sint contenti. De cticis scribentibj bria originalia & judicialia statutu est qd p brevi de denar sint contenti. Et injungit Dhs Rex omibj Justic suis in fide & sacro quibj ei tenent', qd si hujusmodi mi- nistri contÒ pdcm statutu in aliquo veSint & querimonia ad eos pveniat, penam ei sinfligant racionabilem. Et si itum deliquerint majorem penam eis infiigant qua cas- tigari niito debeant. Et si tercio deliquerint, & sup hoc convifti fuint, si sint ministri de feodo, amittant feodum suu, si alii sint amittant cur Regis, nc redeant sine ipius Regis spali gra seu pcepto.

Quia de hiis que recordata sunt coram Cancellaf Dni Reg it ejus Justic, qui recordum bent & in rotulis eoj irrotulata, non debet fieri pcessus placiti p sum, attach, esson, visus ?re, & alias solempnitates Cur, sicut fieri consuevit de cont*ftib3 & convencSiby fcis ext* cur; obsvand est decePo qd ea que inveniunt' irrotulata coram hiis qui recordum bent, vel in finibj contenta, sive sint contÕftus sive convencones sive obligaciones sive €vic aut [cons recogii*] vel alia quecuq, irrotu.lata, qufi>3 Cur Regis, sine juris & consuetudinis offensa, auftoritatem potest prestare, talem decefo beam vigo- rem qd non sit necesse de hiis imposterum placitare; set cu veSint conquerentes ad Cur dni Regis si recens sit cognicio vel finis [videlt infra annu in bri levatus6] statim heant breve de execucione illius recogn fee. Et si forte a majori tempe t'nsado fca fSit ilia recog- nicio vel finis levat9 pcipiat' ViC qd scire fac pti de qua

1 si plures Reg. A: si ptres sint Rot. Bodl.

1 capiant Printed Copies. ! urlagato Rot. Bodl.

* De inventoribj viciniis & aliis attachiatis villatis quatuor hoibj [& ppOMto Struck through] & decennariis nich capiat*. Lib. Horn.

De inventoribus occisorum & aliis attachiatÕ vill* iv. d. De decennariis hominibus, al' de quatuor hominibus & preposito ac decenariis, nihil capiatur. 2 Inst.

* 9suetudines, recognita Reg. A.Ñcons recognita Lit Horn: Lib. Rut. Scacc. Dutl.Ñconsuet cognit Rot. Bodl.

* leva? viz. infra annum Printed Copies.

Court, the Keepers shall neither make nor knowledge the Cttation. And if the Keepers do otherwise, they s all yield Damages to the Party grieved, and neverthe.less shall be grievously punished by the King. And forasmuch as such Persons privileged, depute Keepers, oub-Pnors, Chantors, Sextons, which be Religious Men, and which have nothing to satisfy the Parties grieved, nor the King; which be more bold to offend the KingÕs Dignity than their Superiors, to whom Punishment may be assigned by their Temporalties: Let the Prelates of such Obedients therefore beware from henceforth, that they do not suffer their Obedients to usurp any Juris.diction in Prejudice of the King and his Crown ; and if they do, their Superiors shall be charged for their FaCt, as much as if they had been convict upon their proper Aft.

CONCERNING Porters [bearing Verge before Justices of the Bench in the Circuit Õ] ; It is Provided,

That of every Assise and Jury that they keep they shall take [xd.!] only, and for the [BillsÕ] nothing. Of such as recover their Demands by Default, Confession, or otherwise by Judgement without Assise and Jury,

[they shall take nothing;] of such as go without Day by Default of the Demandant or Plaintiff, they shall take nothing. And if any recover his Demand against many by one Writ, and by Recognizance of Assise or Jury, they shall be content with iv d. And likewise if many named in one Writ do recover by Recognizance of Assise or Jury, they shall be content with ivd. Of such as do Homage in the Bench, they shall be content with their upper Garment. Of great Assises, Attaints, Juries, and Battle waged, they shall take xii d. only. Of such as be called before Justices to sue or to defend their Pleas, they shall take nothing for their coming in or forth. At the Pleas of the Crown, for every Dozen xii d. only shall be taken. Of every Prisoner deli.vered iv d. shall be taken. Of every one whose Peace is proclaimed xii d. only shall be taken. [Of the Find.ers of Men slain, and others of a Town attached, iv d. OfTythingmen nothing shall be taken.*] Of Cyro- graphers, for making a Cyrografe, it is ordained, that they shall be contented with iv s. Of Clerks writing Writs original and judicial, it is ordained, That for one Writ they shall take but id. And the King chargeth all his Justices, upon their Faith and Oath that they owe him, that if such Manner of Officers offend in any Ar.ticle against this Statute, and Complaint come to them thereof, they shall execute on them reasonable Punish.ment : And if they offend the second Time, they shall award greater Punishment, that they may be duly cor.rected : And if they offend the third Time, and be thereupon convifted, if they be Officers [of the Fee,Õ] they shall leese their Fee; and if they be other, they shall void the KingÕs Court, and shall not be received again, without the special Grace [and Licence6] of the King himself.

BECAUSE that of such Things as be recorded before* XLV. the Chancellor and the Justices of the King that have Record, and be inrolled in their Rolls, Process of Plea ought not to be made by Summons, Attachments,

Essoin, View of Land, and other Solemnities of the Court, as hath been used to be done of Bargains and Covenants made out of the Court; From henceforth it is to be observed, That those Things which are found inrolled before them that have Record, or contained in Fines, whether they be Contrafts, Covenants, Obliga.tions, Services, or Customs knowledged, or other Things whatsoever inrolled, wherein the KingÕs Court, without Offence of the Law and Custom, may execute their Authority, from henceforth they shall have such Vigour, that hereafter it shall not need to plead [for7] them;

But when the Plaintiff cometh to the King's Court, if the Recognisance or Fine levied be fresh, that i.- to say, levied within the Year, he shall forthwith h ve a Writ of Execution of the same Recognisance made.

And if the Recognisance were made, or the Fine levied of a further Time passed, the Sheriff shall be commanded,

1 in the Circuit, and those bearing Verge before the Justices of the Bench,

Õ four -pence 1 Chirographs

4 All Translations agree in this Reading. of Fee

6 or Precept 7 concerning

XLIV. The Fees of Porters and Vergers.

Cyrogra-

phers.

Clerks writ.ing original Writs.

Punishment of Offenders.

On matters of Record Execution within the Year.

Scire Facias after the Year.

VoL. I.

B b


Execution thereon by the Sheriff;

or Ordinary.

XLVI.

Stat. Merton ao H. 3. r.4.

Lords may

approve

Common

against their

Neighbours,

leaving them

sufficient.

Destruction of a Ditch or Hedge made by an Approver.

Adjoining

Towns

answerable.

Usurpation of Common during the Estate of particular Tenants.

XLVII.

Penalty for taking Salmons at certain Times of the Year.

that he give Knowledge to the Party of whom it is com.plained, that he be [afore the Justices] at a certain Day, to shew if he have any thing to say why such Matters inrolled or contained in the Fine ought not to have Execution. And if he do not come at the Day, or peradventure do come, and can say nothing why Execu.tion ought not to be done, the Sheriff shall be com.manded to cause the Thing inrolled or contained in the Fine to be executed. In like Manner, an Ordinary shall be commanded in his Case, observing nevertheless as before is said of a Mean, which by Recognisance or Judgement is bound to acquit.

WHEREAS in a Statute made at Merton, it was granted that Lords of Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, might approve the said Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, notwithstanding the Contradiction of their Tenants, so that the Tenants had sufficient Pasture to their Tene.ments with free [Egress and Regress to'] the same: And Forasmuch as no Mention was made between [Neighbours and Neighbours,Õ] many Lords of Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, have been hindered heretofore by the Contradi&ion of Neighbours having sufficient Pasture: And because foreign Tenants have no more Right to Common in the Wastes, Woods, or Pastures of any Lord than the LordÕs own Tenants; It is Or.dained, That the Statute of Merton, provided between the Lord and his Tenants, from henceforth shall hold Place between Lords of Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, and their Neighbours; Saving sufficient Pasture to their Tenants and Neighbours, so that the Lords of such Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, may make Approvement of the Residue. And this shall be observed for such as claim Pasture as appurtenant to their Tenements. But if any do claim Common (3) by special Feoffment or Grant for a certain Number of Bieasts, or otherwise [whichJ] he ought to have of common Right, [whereas Covenant barreth the I.aw,J] he shall have such Reco.very as he ought to have had by Form of the Grant made unto him ; By occasion of a Windmill, Sheepcote Deyry, inlarging of a Court necessary, or Courtelage, from henceforth no Man shall be grieved by Assise of Novel Disseisin for Common of Pasture. And where sometime it chanceth, that one having Right to approve, [doth then levy6] a Dyke or an Hedge, and some by Night, or [at another Season, when they suppose not to be espied,7] do overthrow the Hedge or Dyke, and it cannot be known by Verdift of the Assise or Jury, who did overthrow the Hedge or Dyke, and Men of [the Towns near š] will not indidt such as be guilty of the Fad, [the Towns near adjoyning9] shall be distrained to levy ('Ò) the Hedge or Dyke at their own Cost, and to yield Damages. And where one, having no Right to Common, usurpeth Common what Time an Heir is within Age, or a Woman is covert, or whilst the Pas.ture is in the Hands of Tenants in Dower, by the Cour.tesy, or otherwise for Term of Life or Years, or in Fee- tail, and have long Time used the Pasture, many hold opinion, that such Pastures ought to be said to belong to [the"] Freehold, and that the Possessor ought to have Aftion by a Writ of Novel Disseisin, if he be deforced of such Pasture; but from henceforth this must be holden, that such as have entred within the lime that an Assise of Mortdauncestor [hath lien,"] if they had no Common before, shall have no Recovery by a Writ of Novel Disseisin, if they be deforced.

IT is Provided, That the Waters of Humber, Owse, Trent, Done, Arre, Derewent, Wherfe, Nid, Yore, Swale, Tese, [Tine, Eden,] and all other Waters wherein Salmons be taken (,J), shall be in Defence for taking Salmons from the Nativity of our Lady unto St. MartinÕs Day; and that likewise young Salmons shall not be taken nor destroyed by Nets, nor by other Engines at Millpools, from the midst of April unto the Nativity of St. John Baptist. And in Places whereas

' Ingress and Egress into and from

5 Neighbour and Neighbour

3 of Pasture * than

3 where Covenant doth abrogate the Law

6 hath made or levitd

7 such other l ime when they believe / their Deed should not be known,

* the next Towns

È the nextTownships adjoining about the same 10 or make up

" his 12 doth lye

Stat. 3 & 4 Ed. VI. chapter 3.

13 in the Realm

fit querimonia qd sit ad certum diem ostens si quid sciat dicere quare hujusmodi irrotulata vel in fine con- tenta execucoem fire non debeant. Et si ad diem [no'] veSit, vel forte veSit & niefi sciat dicere quare execucio fieri non debeat, pcipiatÕ Vic qd rem irrotulatam vel in fine contentam exequi fad. Eodem modo mandef ordinar in suo casu ob€vato nichomin9 quod sup'dem est de medio qui p recogii aut judm obligatus est ad acquietandum.

Cum in Statuto edito apud M?ton concessum fSit qd Dni boscop, vastojj, pastur appruare se possent de boscis, vastis & pastur illis, non obstante contradicebe tenenciu suojp, dumodo tenentes ipi herent sufficient? pasturam ad ten sua cu libo ingressu & egru ad ean- dem, & p eo qd nulla fiebat mencio in? vicinu & vicinu, multi dni boscop, vastop & pasturap, hucusq impediti extifunt p cont*diccoem vicinop sufficientem pasturam hencium; Et quia forinseci tenentes non bent majus jus coicandi in bosco, vasto aut pastura, alicujus diiiq'm pprii tenentes ipius dni; Statutum est deceto, qd Sta- tutum apud M?ton pvisum in? dnm & tenentes suos locum heat deceto in? duos boscop vastof & pastura^ & vicinos; Ita qd dni huj9modi vasto^ boscop & pas- turap, salva sufficiente pastura hominibj suis & vicinis, appruare se possint de residuo. Et hoc ob€vetÕ de hiis qui clam pasturam tanqÕm ptinente ad ten sua. Set si qÔs clam comunam p spale feoffamentu, vel con- cessionem ad certum nui8um aviop vel alio modo q*m de jure coi here deberet, cum convencio legi deroget, heat suu recupare quale here deberet p formam con- cessionis sÔ fee: occoe molendini vent'eii, Bercar, vaccar, augmentacois cuf necessar aut Curtillag dece?o non gravetur quis p ass*m nove disseie de comuna pasture. Et cum contingat aliqii qd aliquis jus hens appruare se, fossatu aut sepem levav'it, & aliqui no&ant vel alio tali tempe quo non credat feum suu sciri, fossatum vel sepem prostravW, nec sciri po?it p veredem assTe aut Jurate qui fossatum aut sepem prostravW, nec ve- lint homines de villatis vicinis indictare de hujusmodi fco culpabiles, distringantÕ ppinque villate circumadja- centes levare fossatum aut sepem ad custum pp'um & dampna restituere. Et cum aliquis jus non hens coicandi usurpent comunam, tempe quo heredes exti- Vint infra etatem, vel ux sub potestate virop suop exis- tentes, vel pastura sit in manu tenenciu in dotem, p legem Angt, vel aliter ad ?minu vite vel annop, vel p feodum talliatu, & pastura ilia diu usi fSint, multi sunt in opinione qd huj9modi pasture debent dici ptine ad Iibum ten, & qd hujWodi possessori compe?e debet accio p breve nove disseie, si hujWodi pastura defor- ciet'; set dece?o tenend est qd hentes huj9modi ingfum a tempe quo currit bre mortis antecessoris si antea comunam non huerunt, non heant recupare p breve nove disseie si fuerint deforciati.

Provisum est qd aque de Humbre, Ouse, Trente, Doon, Eyre, Derewent, Werf, Nid, Yore, Swale, Tese, & oiTies alie aque in quibus salmones capiuntÕ in Regno, ponantÕ in defenso, quoad salmones capiend, a die Nati- vitatis beate Marie usq^ ad diem sdi Martini; et similiter qd salmunculi non capiantur nec destruantÕ p recia, vel p aliqua ingenia, ad stagna molend, a medio April usq, ad Nativitatem bi Johis Bapt. Et in pW * Interlined on the Roll.


ubi huj9modi riparie fSint assignent' consvatores istius statuti, qui ad hoc jurati sepius videant & inquirant de rttsgressoribj. Et in p'ma t*nsgr puniant' p combus.tions reciu & ingeniop suoj>. Et si iPato deliquerint, puniant' p p'sona quartii unius anni. Et si tÕcio deli.querint, puniant' p prisonam unius anni, et sic multipli- cata t*nsgressione, crescet pene infliccio.

De visu terre ordinatum est & statutum, qd dece?o non concedatur visus, nisi in casu quando vis9 terre est necessarius ; sicuti si aliquis amittat ten p defaltam & ille qui amisit susdtet aliud breve ad petend idem ten ; Et in casu quando quis p aliq'm excepcoem dilatoriam cassat breve post visum terre, sicut p non tenuram, vel male noiando villam vel huj9modi, si suscitet aliud breve in hoc casu, & supiori, decePo non concedat' visus terre dumodo ftSit in prioribj bribj. In brevi de dote cum petit' dos de ten quod vir ux alienavit te- nenti vel ejus antecessori, cum ignorare non debeat tenens, quale ten vir uxoris alienavit sibi vel antecessori suo, licet vir non obierit seisitus, n'omin9 tenenti decePo non erit visus concedendus. In brevi eciam de ingressu, cassato p hoc qd petens male noiavit ingressum, si petens suscitet aUud breve de aliquo ingru, si tenens in p'ori bri fruit visum, in scdo non frebit. In ornibj eciam bre- vibj p que ten petunt', rac&e dimissionis, quam petens vel ejus antecessor fecit tenenti, & non antecessori, sicuti quod ei dimisit dum fuit infra etatem n5 compos mentis, in p'sona, & similibj, non jaceat decePo visus ; set si di- missio fSa fSit antecessori, jaceat decePo visus sicut p'us.

[ ¥ Chaunceler, Tresorer ne Justice, ne nul de Con- sayl le Roy, ne Clerk de la Chauncelerye, del Escheker, ne de Justice, ne autre Ministre, ne nul del hostel le Roy Clerk ou lay, ne puisse receivre Eglise ne Avoeson de Eglise, ne tere ne tenement, [ne fee, ne par doun1 ] ne par achat ne a ferme, ne a chaumpart, ne en autre manere; taunt come la chose est en plee devaunt no9 ou devant nul de noz Ministres, (*) Ne nul loer [ne3] seyt pris. E ki (4) ceste chose face, ou par lui, ou par autry, ou nul [baret y face5] seyt puni a la volente le Roi ausi bien celui q le purchacera, com celui q le fera.*]

Omnia p>dtfa statuta incipiant conservari ad festum sci Micfris pxim futuru, ita qd occone delifto^ contra aliquod PdCop 'tat u top cit* pdPm festum ppet*to£ pena delinquent^, de quiby mencio fit in statutis non infli- gatur. Sup vero statutis in defefum legis & ad remedia editis, ne diucius querentes cum ad Curiam venlint rece- dant de remedio despati, heant bria sua in suo casu pvisa, set non placitent' usq, ad pdem festum sci Michis. (6)

' Rot. Bod/; MS. Harl. JOI2, omit ne fee.Ñnen fee, ne par doun, MS.Cott. V esp. B. VII.Ñen fee par donn, Printed Copies.

* ou Justic, MS. Hart. 5022.

* contre } MS. Cott. Vesp.

5 baret il face, Old Printed Copies.Ñbargain ent face, 2 Inst. bargain i face MS. Cott. Vesp : MSS. Harl. 395, 5022.Ñbar- gayn face Rot. Bod/.

6 Daf apud Westm xxviij. die Junii Anno regni ejusdem Regis Tertio- decimo. Beg. A. after the Clause in French.

[fresh *] Waters be, there shall be assigned Overseers of this Statute, which being sworn, shall oftentimes see and inquire of the Offenders. And for the first 1 respass, they shall be punished by burning of their Nets and Engines. And for the second Time, they shall have Imprisonment for a Quarter of a Year. And for the third Trespass, they shall be imprisoned a whole Year; and as their Trespass increaseth, so shall the Punishment.

FOR View of Land It is Ordained and Provided, That from henceforth View shall not be granted but in case when View of Land is necessary ; As if one lose Land by Default, and he that loseth, [moveth a Writ'] to demand the same Land; and in case when one by an Exception dilatory abateth a Writ after the View of the Land, as by Non-tenure, or misnaming of the Town, or such like, if he purchase another Writ, in this Case, and in the Case before mentioned, from henceforth the View shall not be granted, if he had View in the first Writs. In a Writ of Dower, where the Dower in De.mand is of Land that the Husband aliened to the Tenant or his Ancestors, where the Tenant ought not to be ignorant what Land the Husband did aliene to him or his Ancestor, though the Husband died not seised, yet from henceforth View shall not be granted to the Tenant. In a Writ of Entre also, that is abated because the Demandant misnamed the Entre, if the Demandant purchase another Writ of Entre, if the Tenant had View in the first Writ, he shall not have it in the second. In all Writs also where Lands be demanded by reason of a Lease made by the Demandant, or his Ancestor, unto the Tenant, and not to his Ancestor, as that which he leased to him, being within Age, not whole of Mind, being in Prison, and such like, View shall not be granted hereafter; but if the Demise were made to his Ancestor, the View shall lie as it hath done before.

THE Chancellor, Treasurer, Justices, nor any of the KingÕs Council, no Clerk of the Chancery, nor of the Exchequer, nor of any Justice or other Officer, nor any of the KingÕs House, Clerk ne Lay, shall not receive any Church, nor Advowson of a Church, Land, nor Tenement in Fee, by Gift, nor by Purchase, nor to Farm, nor by Champerty, nor otherwise, so long as the Thing is in Plea before Us, or before any of our Officers ; nor shall take no Reward thereof. And he that doth [contrary to this Aft,3] either himself, or by another, or make any [Bargain,4] shall be punished at the KingÕs Pleasure, as well he that purchaseth, as he that doth sell.

ALL the said Statutes shall take Effeft at the Feast of St. Michael next coming, so that by occasion of any Offence done on this Side the said Feast, contrary to any of these Statutes, no Punishment, Mention whereof is made within these Statutes, shall be executed upon the Offenders. Moreover, concerning the Statutes provided where the Law faileth, and for Remedies, lest Suitors coming to the KingÕs Court should depart from thence without Remedy, they shall have Writs provided in their Cases, but they shall not be pleaded until the Feast of St. Michael aforesaid.

1 iuch Õ purchase another IVrit

1 any such Thing 4 Fraud therein,

* ThiÇ Clause in French is not on the Tower Roll: It is printed from Rrg.A.fo. 271 ; where, as in Rot. BodJ. and other Manuscripts, it stands as the last Clause of the Statute, after the Sentence beginning Ô Omnia pdea StatutaIn all Primed Copies it is inserted preceding that Sentence. Lib. Rub. Scac. Dublin; MS. Cott.Claudius D. II, (the latter marked Ô Ex' p Rot.Õ) and many other Manuscripts, as well of an early as of a late date, omit the Clause. In Lib Horn. London, it is entered as the concluding Clause of the Statute ; but in the Margin on one side is written 1 Vacat Õ and on the other side ÒExa' bn. Ota pdea statuta [8cc. the "whole concluding Clause as above:] sic explicit: examinat5 p staf Gildaule London in cera.Ó In MS. Harl. J022, which gives chapter 34 of this Statute in French, this Clause is inserted as above before the Sentence Ô Omnia pdea Statutaand at the end of the Statute is written Ô Et irrotulat' in R¡ statuto^.Õ In Lib. Custum. London, and MS. Cott. XVI. where chapter 34. is in Latin, this Clause is omitted. In MS. Harl. 79, where Chapter 34 is in Latin, this Clause is inserted in French. In the French Copies of this Statute in MS. Harl. 5326; MS. Reg. 20 A VIII. this Clause is inserted: In the Latin Copy of the Statute in the same MS.Reg. this Clause is omitted. See the Note in page 87, to chapter34. of this Statute: See also 2 Inst. 217, 485 : Mirror, c. € e; Fleta I. 2. e. 36.


XLVIII.

In what Cases a View

of Land is grantable.

XLIX. Purchasing Title of Lands in Suit.

L.

Commence.ment of the foregoing Statutes.

L

Fresh Suit shall be made after Felons, from Town to Town.

II.

Inquests of Felonies.

TheHundred answerable for Robberies.

The Country shall have but Forty Days.

III.

Commence.ment of this Statute.

£>taf afltynton.

The STATUTE of WINCHESTER.

FORASMUCH as from Day to Day, Robberies, Murthers, [Burnings, and Theft,'] be more often used than they have been heretofore, and Felons cannot be attainted by the Oath of Jurors, which had rather suffer [Strangers to be robbed, and so pass without pain,1] than to indite the Offenders, of whom great part be People of the same Country, or at the least, if the Offenders be of another Country, the Receivers be of places near; and they do the same, because [an Oath is not given unto Jurors of the same Country where such Felonies were done, and to the Restitution of Damages,3] hitherto no Pain hath been limited for their concealment and Laches; Our Lord the King, for to abate the power of Felons, hath established a Pain in this case, so that from henceforth, for fear of the Pain more than for fear of any Oath, they shall not spare any, nor conceal any Felonies; And doth command, That [Cries4] shall be solemnly made in all Counties, Hundreds, Markets, Fairs, and all other Places where great Resort of People is, so that none shall excuse himself by Ignorance, that from henceforth every Country be so well kept, that immediately upon such Robberies and Felonies com.mitted, fresh Suit shall be made from Town to Town, and from Country to Country.

LIKEWISE, when need requires, Inquests shall be made in Towns, by him that is Lord of the Town, and after in the Hundred, and in the Franchise, and in the County, and sometimes in two, three, or four Counties, in case when Felonies shall be committed in the Marches of Shires, so that the Offenders may be attainted. And if the Country will not answer [for the Bodies of such manner of Offenders,3] the Pain shall be such, that every Country, that is to wit, the People dwelling in the Country, shall be answerable for the Robberies done, and also the Damages; so that the whole Hundred where the Robbery shall be done, with the Franchises being within the Precintt of the same Hundred, shall be an.swerable for the Robberies done. And if the Robbery be done in the Division of Two Hundreds, both the Hundreds [and the Franchises within them6] shall be answerable; and after that the Felony or Robbery is done, theCountry shall have no longer Space than [Forty Days,7] within which [forty days'] it shall behove them to agree for the Robbery or Offence, or else that they will answer for the Bodies of the Offenders.

AND Forasmuch as the King will not that his People should be suddenly impoverished by reason of this Penalty, that seemeth very hard to many; the King granteth, That [they shall not incur9] immediately, but n shall be respited until Easter next following, within which Time the King may see how the Country will order themselves, and whether such Felonies and Rob.beries do cease. After which Term let them all be assured, that the foresaid Penalty shall run generally, that is to say, every Country, that is to wit, the People in the Country, shall be answerable for Felonies and Robberies done among them.

1 and Burning of Houses

1 Felonies done to Strangers to pass without pain,

3 the Oath is not now put unto Jurors; nor, upon the Country where such Felonies were done, as to the Restitution of Damages,

Ç Proclamation 5 for such manner of Misdoers

6 together with the Franchises

7 half a year 1 Old Printed Translation!: with which MS.Tr.l. ' half-year J agrees.

9 it shall not be incurred

Ex magno Rot. Slat, in Turr. Land. m, 41. ¥

PUR ceo qe de jour en jour roberies, homicides, (') Arsuns (Õ) plus sovenerement sunt fetes qe avaunt ne soleyent, e felonies ne [poount estre atteinz p €ment des Jururs, q plus volunters suf]ferent felonies fetes as estraunges genz passer saunz peynes qe enditer meffes- sours, dunt graunt ptie sunt gent de meimes le pays, [ou a meins, si les [fesoursJ] sont de autre pays, lour] recetturs sunt del visne; e ceo funt il pur taunt qe serment nest mie [hore dute'] as Jururs ne au pays ou les felonies furent fetes qaunt a restitucion des da.mages peyne [avant ne] fu p'veue pur lur concelement e lur lachesce; Nostre Seign' le Rey, pur abatre le poer de feluns, si establit peyne en teu cas, issi qe par pour de la peyne [plus qe par pour de sment] a nuli desoremes ne espamient, ne nule felonie ne concelent; E comand qe solempnement seit la crie fete, en tuz Cuntez, hundrez, marches, feyres, e tuz [auPs lous ou solempne assemble des gentz] sera, issi qe nul par igno- raunce se pusse escuser, qe checun pays issi desoremes seit garde, qe meintenant apres robies e felonies fetes seit fete si fresche sute de vile [en ville, de pays en pais.] Enquestes ensement seient fetes si mester est en viles par celui qi soverein est de la vile, e pus en hun- drez e en fraunchises e en Cuntez, [& ascun foiz en deux, trois, ou qatre Countees] en cas quaunt felonies serunt fetes en marche de Cuntez, issi qe meffesours pusent estre ateinz. E si le pais de tels manie de me- fesours [ne respoigne, la pein sra tiel, q chescun pais] cest asav genz en pais demoraunz, respoignent de robies fetes, e de damages ; issi qe tut le hundred ou la robie serra fete, ove les fraunchises qe sunt dedenz la purceint de meime le hundred, respoignent de robie fete. E si la robie seit fete en devises [dedenz 3] Hundrez respoignent ambedeus les Hundrez ensemblement of les fraunchises ; e plus long tme ne ava le pais, aps la robie e felonie fete, qe [xl. joursz, dedenz les quels6] il covendra qil facent gre de la robie e du mefet ou qil respoignent de cors de mefesurs.

E pur ceo qe le Rey ne vueut pas qe gent sodeyne- ment seient espoveri dc ceste peyne, qe semblereit dure a aucune gent, graunte qele ne seit mie main- tenaunt encorue, mes preigne la peyne respit deqes a la Paske procheine venannt, e dedenz cel rme verra le Rey coment le pais se portera, e seserunt teles robies e felonies. Apres quel ?me tuz seient C*teinz qe la- vaundite paine curra generaument, ceo est asav qe chescun pais, ceo est asav* genz el pais demoraunz, respoignent des robies e felonies fetes en lur pais.

1 e Lib. Horn. 1 et Larcenies Old Printed Copies.

3 meffesours Rot. Scac: Lib. Horn.

* ore dute Rot.Claus, ore dote Rot Scac: Idb.Scac X: Lib. Horn. 3 de deux Rot. Claus : Rot. Scac: Lib. Horn.

¥demy an de dens le quel Rot. Scac. wherewith many Manuscripts, and the Old Printed Copies agree.

6 < quarant jours, deinz les queux Stat. 28 Ed. III. [c.H ] xl. jours, dedeins les queux jours Lib. Horn.

.quarant jours dedelnz les queux Rot. Claus.

* On the Close Roll 5 Ric. II. m. 13, d, is entered a Writ to the Sheriffs of London, dated March 3, for the Proclamation and Observance of this Statute of Winchester, reciting the Statute at length; with a Note that like Writs were then sent to all the Sheriffs throughout England. The Entry on the Statute Roll 13 Edward I. being in part defaced and illegible, the Words deficient are supplied in the Text from the Entry on the Close Roll of Richard II, and are printed between Brackets, without any Figure of Reference. A small Roll of the time of Edward I. containing only this Statute of Winchester, is preserved among the Records of the Treasury of the Court of the Receipt of the Exchequer in the Chapter House Westminster : At the top of the Roll is written Ò Ces sunt les estatuz fes a Wyncestre en le an le Rei Edward Tressime The Quotations from this Roll arc marked Rot. Scac.


13¡ Edw. I. St at. Wynton, c. 4Ñ6.

97

E a plus seurer le pais, ad le Rey comaunde qe en les graunz viles, qe sunt closes, les portes seient fermes del solail rescuse deqes au solail Ievaunt; e qe nul home ne herberge en suburbe, ne en forein chief de la vile, si de jour noun, ne uncore de jour si le hoste ne voille pur lui respundre; e les Baittfs de viles chescune semeine, ou ameins quinzeine facent enquestes de genz herbgez en suburbes, [e1] en foreins chefs de viles} e sil trovent nul herbgour, [qi resceive ou hberge en autre maSe gent,'] dunt suspeciun seit qil soient gent countre la pes, si enfacent les Baittfs dreiture. E desoremes est comaunde, qe veylles soient fetes, issi cu auncienemet soleyent estre, ceo est asav1 del jour de la Ascenciun deqes le jour Seint Michel, en chescun Cite (3) sis homes, en chescune porte, en chescun burgh par xij. homes, en chescune vile [en tVe4] par vj. homes ou iiij. solom numbre des genz qi abitent (7), e facent [la veille*] continuelement tute la nuit del solail rescusse jeqes al solail Ievaunt. E si nul estraunge passe par eus seit arestu jeqes au matin ; E si nule suspeciun ne seit trove auge quites ; E si em trove suspeciun, seit livere al viscunte maintenaunt, [e saunz daung? le receive, e sauvement le garde,7] jeqes a taunt qe en due ma Se seit delivre. E si eus ne se soeffrent pas estre aresteuz seit heu e cri leve sur eus, e ceus qi funt la veille les siwent o tute la vilee [ove les visnees viles,7] o heu e cri de vile en vile, jesqes taunt qil serra pris e livrez au Viscunte, cum est avauntdit; E pur le resteiment de tels estraunges, nul ne seit enchesune.

Comaunde est ensement qe les hauz chemins des viles marchaundes, as autres viles [marchaundises *] seient enlargiz, la ou il iad bois, ou haies, ou fossez, issi qil nieit fosse, suthboys, ou bussuns, ou lem peut tapir pur mal fere pres del chemin, de deus centz pez de une part e de [deus centz pars Õ] de autre part, issi qe cet estatut point ne estende [as keynes, ne7] as [gros Ô¡] fusz, par qei ceo seit cler desuz. E si par defaute de Seign', qi ne vodra fosse, subois, ou bussuns, en la furme avauntdite abatre, e roberies seient fetes, si res- poygne le Seygn'; E sil ieyt murdre, si seit le Seign' reint a la volunte le Rey. E si le Seign' ne suffist a suz- bois abatre si lui aide le pais a ceo fere. E le Rei veut qe en ses demeines tres, c boys deilenz foreste, e dehors, seient les chemins enlargiz, cum avaunt est dit. E si par cas park seit pres del haut chemin, si covendra qe le Seign' del park amenuse sun park, jeqes ataunt [qil ieyt la leyse"] [de deus centz pez, pres del haut chemin,"] cum avaunt est dit, ou qe il face tel mur, fosse ou haye qe meftesurs ne pussent passer ne returner pur mal fere.

Comaunde est ensement qe chescun home eit en sa mesun armure pur la pees garder, solum la aun- ciene assise ; ceo est assay1 qe chescun home entre quinze annz e seisaunte soit asis e jure as armes, solum la quantite de lur t res e de lur chateus ; ceo est assav1, a quinze liveree des tres, e chateus de quaraunte mars, [hauberg,"l chapel de feer, espe, cutel e cheval; A disz liveree de fre, e chateus de vint mars, [haubgeun,14] chapel, espe, e cutel; [A cent [soucheeszÕ7] de fre

1 ou Rot. Claus. * ke herberge gent ou recette

en auter manere, ou gent Rot. Scac.

3 pat Rot. Scac; Lib. Horn.

4 entiere Rot. Claus: Rot. Bodl. 3 en la Vile Rot. Scac.

1 la Vile garder Rot. Scac. È Rot. Scac. omits.

* marchaundes Rot. Claus: Rot. Scac.

9 >j.C. pees Rot. Claus.Ñdeus cent pes Rot. Scac. g*ntz Rot. Claus.

ii / q>l y eit la leeste Rot Claus.Ñqil i ad la leeste Rot Bodl. JL ke la leise seit Rot. Scac.Ñqe ly eit la leeste Lib. Horn.

" ps deu chemin deus cent pes de une part, e deus cent pes de au? part, Rot. Scac.

,J hauberk Rot. Claus.Ñhauberc Rot. Scac.

14 haubgeon Rot. Claus: MS.Cott. hauberc Rot.Scac-, Lib.Horn.

Õ> souldz Rot. Claus.

AND for the more Surety of the Country, the King hath commanded, that in great Towns, being walled, the Gates shall be closed from the Sun-setting until the Sun-rising; and that no man do lodge in Suburbs, nor [in any place out of the Town, from nine of the Clock until Day,1] without his Host will answer for him ; and the Bailiffs of Towns every Week, or at the least every Fifteenth Day, shall make Inquiry of all Persons being lodged in the Suburbs, or [in foreign Places'] of the Towns ; and if they do find any [that have lodged or received any Strangers or suspicious person, against the peace,7] the Bailiffs shall do right therein. And the King commandeth, that from henceforth [all Towns be kept,4] as it hath been used in times passed, that is to wit, from the Day of the Ascension unto the Day of St. Michael, in every City [Six Men shall keep7] at every gate, in every Borough (*) Twelve Men, (7) every Town (') Six or Four, according to the Number of the Inhabitants of the Town, and (9) shall watch the Town continually all Night, from the Sun-setting unto the Sun-rising. And if any Stranger do pass by them, he shall be arrested until Morning ; and if ho Suspicion be found, he shall go quit; and if they find cause of Sus.picion, they shall forthwith deliver him to the Sheriff, and the Sheriff may receive him without Damage, and shall keep him safely, until he be [acquitted '¡] in due Manner. And if they will not obey the Arrest, they shall levy Hue and Cry upon them, and [such as keep the Town shall follow with Hue and Cry with all the Town, and the Towns near, and so Hue and Cry shall be made from Town to Town,"] until that they be taken and delivered to the Sheriff, as before is said; and for the Arrestments of such Strangers none shall be punished.

AND Further, It is commanded, That Highways lead.ing from one Market Town to another shall be enlarged, whereas [Bushes Woods "] or Dykes be, so that there be neither Dyke [Tree,J] nor Bush, whereby a Man may lurk to do hurt, (,4) within two hundred foot of the one side, and two hundred foot on the other side of the way, so that this Statute shall not extend unto [Ashes,17] nor unto great Trees, [for which it shall be clearly out of this.'6] And if by Default of the Lord that will not abate the Dyke, Underwood or Bushes, in the manner aforesaid, any Robberies be done therein, the Lord shall be answerable for the Felony; and if Murther be done the Lord shall make a Fine at the KingÕs Pleasure. And if the Lord be not able to fell the Underwoods, the Country shall aid him therein. And the King willeth, that in his demean Lands and Woods within his Forest and without, the Ways shall be en.larged, as before is said. And if percase a Park be [taken from '7] the Highway, it is requisite that the Lord shall [set,8] his Park [the space of two hundred foot from the Highways,'9] as before is said, or that he make such a Wall, Dyke, or Hedge, that Offenders may not pass, ne return to do evil.

AND Further, It is commanded, That every Man have in his house Harness for to keep the Peace after the antient Assise; that is to say, Every Man between fifteen years of age, and sixty years, shall be assessed and sworn to Armor according to the quantity of their Lands and Goods ; that is to wit, [from Ò] Fifteen Pounds Lands, and Goods (*') Forty Marks, an Hauberke, [a Breast.plate "] of Iron, a Sword, a Knife, and an Horse; and [from *Ò] Ten Pounds of Lands, and Twenty Marks Goods, an Hauberke, [a Breast-plate of Iron,"] a Sword, and a Knife ; and [from10] Five Pound Lands,

Õ in any foreign part [ate outmost hende MS. Tr. i;] of the Town, but in the Day-time, nor yet in the Day-time,

* in foreign PartsÑMS. Tr. reads ate ferreste Ende

3 that do lodge, or receive in any manner, Men of whom there is suspicion that they be People against the peace,

4 Watches be made 3 by six Men 6 by

7 in * by 9 they >¥ delivered

" the Watchmen shall follow them with all the Town and the neighbour Towns, with Hue and Cry from Town to Town, 11 Woods, Hedges, 13 Underwood

14 near to the way *3 Oalt [hokes MS.Tr. I.]

16 so as it be clear underneath.

't near to |S minish

19 so that there be a Border of two hundred foot near the Highway,

*¡ for 11 of

11 helme [hat MS.Tr. t.] !J au hdme [hat MS. Tr. È.l

IV.

At what Time the Gates of Towns shall be opened and shut.

Lodgers in the Suburbs.

At what Time the Night-watch shall begin and end.

Strangers may be arrested by the Watch.

Or Hue and Cry made after them.

V.

Highways to Market Towns shall be enlarged.

The Lord answerable.

Parks

adjoining

Highways.

VI.

What Armor each Person shall have in his House.

VOL. I.

C c


View of Ann*.

Presentment of Offences against this Statute.

Fairs and Markets shall not be kept in Church.yards.

[a Doublet,'3 [a Breast-plateÕ3 of Iron, a Sword, and a Knife; and from Forty Shillings Land and more, unto One hundred Shillings of Land, a Sword, a Bow and Arrows, and a Knife ; and he that hath less than Forty Shillings yearly, shall be sworn to [keep Gis-armes,J3 Knives, and other [less Weapons 43 ; and he that hath less than Twenty Marks in Goods, shall have Swords, Knives, and other [less Weapons 43 ; and all other that may, shall have Bows and Arrows out of the Forest, and in the Forest Bows and [Boults.5 3 And that View of Armor be made every Year Two Times. And in every Hundred and Franchise Two Constables shall be chosen to make the View of Armor; and the Constables afore.said shall present before Justices assigned (6) such De.faults as they [do see in the Country7 3 about Armor, and [of the Suits of Towns,*3 and of Highways ; and also shall present [all such as do lodge Strangers in up- landish Towns,93 for whom they will not answer. And the Justices assigned shall present [at every Parliament unto the King such Defaults as they shall find 'Ó3 and the King shall provide Remedy therein. And from hence.forth let Sheriffs take good Heed, and Bailiffs [within their Ó3 Franchises and without, [be they higher or lower,''*3 that have any Bailiwick or Forestry in Fee, or otherwise, that they shall follow the Cry with the Coun.try ; [and after, as they are bounden, to keep Horses and Armor, or so to do; "3 and if there be any that do not, the Defaults shall be presented by the Constables to the Justices assigned, and after, by them to the King, [and the King will provide Remedy] as afore is said. And the King commandeth and forbiddeth, that from henceforth neither Fairs nor Markets be kept in Church-Yards for the Honour of the Church.

Given at Winchester, the Eighth of Oftober, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of the King.

1 porpoint MS. Tr. 1. * an helme

J fause gisarmes MS.Tr.i. 4 small armes MS. Tr. 1. s piles MS. Tr.i.

4 when they shall come into the Country,

7 shall have found 8 of Suits, and of Watches,

* men that hereboureth opelond MS. Tr. 1.

10 the same at every Parliament unto the King " of 14 greater or lesser

15 and, as they are in ability, to keep Horses and Armour, so to do ;

parpoint, chapel de feer, espe e cutel;1 ] A quaraunte [souch - - - *3 de Pre, e de plus jeqes a Cent souz, espe, ark, setes e cutel; E qe meins ad [de 3J quaraunte souze de rre [seit jure a faus gisarmes, cuteus4 3 e autres me- nues armes; (5) [qi meins ad de chateus de vint mars espees cuteus e autres menues armes.6 J E tuz les au.tres, qi av5 pount, eient arcs [e setes hors de forestes, e dedenz forestes arcs e piles.7 3 E qe veue des armes, soit fete deus foiz par an. E en chescun hundred e fraunchise seyent eleus deus Conestables, a fere la veue des armes; e les Conestables avauntdiz psentent devaunt les justices assignez, quant il vendrunt en pays, les de.fames qil averount trovez de armeure; e [de suites de veilles,š3 e de cheminz; E psentent ausi de [genz, qi herbgent genz estraunges Õ3 en viles de uppelaund, pur queus il ne volent respundre. E les Justices assignez en chescun parlement repsentent au Rey, e le Rey sur ceo en fra remedie. E bien se gardent desoremes, Viscuntes, Baillifs de fraunchises e dehors greignurs ou maindres, qi bail lie [ou foresterie unt ÔÓ3 en fee ou en autre ma9e, qil siwent le cri ove le pays; E solum ceo qil sunt, eient chevaus e armeure a ceo fere; E si nul seit o: nel face, seient les defautes psentez par les Conesta- bles as Justicez assignez, e puis apres par eus au Rey cum avaunt est dit. E comaunde le Rey e defend, qe feire ne marche desoremes ne soient tenuz en cime? pur honur de Seinte Eglise. Done a Wynces- tre, [le utisme jour de Oftofer,"3 le an du regne le Rey, ('*) Trezime. (1J)

' Rot. Scar, omits. * souldz Rot. Claus. * ke Rot.Scar.

4 scent jores a gisarmes Rot Scac.

I Et Rot. Claus. 6 Rot. Scac. omits.

7 setis en foreste 8c hors de foreste. Rot. Scac.

t f de sutez de villes Rot. Claus : Rot. Bodl.

\de suyte de viles Rot.Scac.Ñde suytes des viles Lib. Horn.

0 gent estrange herbiges Rot. Scac.

Õ¡ unt en foreste ou de hors, ou Rot. Scac.

" Rot.Scac. omits.Ñle vintisme jour deSeptembre Rot. Boil.

" Edward Rot. Scac : Rot. Bodl.

II Renouvele 8c asseale a Everwyk lan de son regne vint Sc

oytisme MSS. Hart. 858, 1308.

£>tatutum ^ercatorum.

The STATUTE of

I^ORASMUC.H as Merchants, which heretofore have lent their Goods to divers Persons, be fallen in Poverty, because there is no speedy Remedy provided, whereby they may shortly recover their Debt at the Day of Payment; and for this cause, many Merchants do refrain to come into the Realm with their Merchandize, to the damage of such Merchants and of all the Realm ; The King (') and his Council at his Parliament holden at A&on Bumel, after the Feast of St. Michael, the Eleventh year of his Reign, [hath ordained these Esta.blishments 'J thereupon for the Remedy of such Mer.chants ; which Ordinances and Establishments the King [commandeth that they shall "J be firmly kept and ob.served throughout this Realm, whereby Merchants [may have 43 Remedy and less [trouble and business 5J to re.cover their Debts, than they have had heretofore : But

4 by himself did malt and ordain an Establishment

i did command that they should * have had

> loss and trouble

MERCHANTS.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. 46 d.*

PUR ceo qe Marchaunz qi avaunt ces hures unt preste lur aver a div's genz, sunt cheuz en povte p' ceo qe il ni avoit pas si redde ley p'vewe par la quele il poeient lur dettes hastivement recoverir au jour assis de paye; E par cele encheson sunt mulz des marchaunz sustrez de venir en ceste terre ove lur marchaundises, a damage des marchaunz e de tut le reaume; Le Rey par luy e par sun counseil a sun parlement, qe il tint a Afton Burnell, aps la Seint Michel le an de sun regne unzime, fist e ordina establissement sur ceo a remedie des marchaunz, le quel ordeinemet e establisement le Rey comaunda qe tenuz fuissent e fermement gardez en tut sun Reaume, dunt marchaunz unt eu remedie, e a mains meschief e travail unt recovre lur dettes, qe avaunt ne soleient: Mes pr ceo qe marchaunz puys

¥ The Entry of this Statute is on the Back of that Membrane of the Roll which contains the Statute of Merchants, 11 Edw. I.

The following Memoranda are subjoined at the End of the Statute ; the latter of them in a Hand-writing of the Time of Edward II. Consimile statutu de verbo ad verbum hent Major 8c Cives Exon.

MÇ1 qd statutu pdem consign fuit in forma subsepta & libatu Witto de Bodemynn deferend p ipm coitati ville de Lostwythiel. Edwanlus dei gfa, 8cc. oinibj ad quos, &c. sattm. Inspeximš statutu nlcatoj editu tempore dni E. q¡nda Regis Angt pris nri in bee verba. Pur ceo q marchanz, 8cc. Quod q'dem statutu p recognicoibj jux* forma ejusde statuti in villa de Lostwythiel accipiend ad cande villa duxim5 tÔnsmittend. In cujs 8cc. T. R. ap London fcio die Septembf anno r sui q'nto.

This Statute is also entered in Register A. in the Chapter House at Westminster, fo. . ; with the following Title :

Statuta p nlcatoribj & mails debitoribj.


ge pleindrent al Rey qe Viscuntes [qi'] malement en- ppterent sun statut, e aconefei par malice e par mal en?preteison delaerent lexecucion del statut a g*nt damage des marchaunz, le Rey a sun Parlement a Westm apres Pask, lan de sun regne troizime, fist reciter lavauntdit statut fet a Aiflon Bumell; E pur declarerer aquns articles de sun statut avauntdit ad ordine e establi, qe marchaunt qi veut estre seur de sa defte face venir sun dettur devaunt le meyre de [Ap- pelby,1] ou devaunt autre chief gardeyn de vile ou de autre bone vile ou le Rey ordinera; E devaunt le meire, ou chief gardein, ou autre prodhome a ceo esleu cjure, quaunt meire ou chief gardeyn ne poet entendre, e devaunt un des clers, qi le Rey a ceo atornera qaunt ambedeus ne poent entendre, conusse la dette, e jour de la paie, e seit la conoissaunce eroullee de la main del un des clers avauntdiz qi serra conue, e le Roule duble, dunt le un dcmorge vers le meire ou chief gardein, e lautre v*s le Clerk qi a ceo p'mes Õsra nome; E estre ceo un des avauntdiz clers de sa main face le escrit de obligacion a quel escrit seit mis le seel del Dettur ove le seel le Rey, qe a ceo est purveu, le quel seel sra de deus pieces, dunt la greignour piece demorra en la garde le meire ou chief gardein, E lautre piece en la main le Clerk avauntdit. E si le dettur ne rende al jour qe lui est assis, si veigne le marchaunt al Meyre e al Clerk, ove sa lettre de obligacion; E si trove seit p roule ou par lettre qe la dette fust conue, e le jour assis seit passe, si face le Meyre ou chief gardeyn prendre le cors al dettur sil est lay, quel houre qe il seit trove en sun poer, e liverer a la p'son de la vile, si prison iseit, e la demoerge a ses custages propres desqe ataunt qil eit fet gre de la dette. E comaunde est qe le gardein de la p'son de la vile le reteigne par la livere del meyre ou le gardeyn ; E sil nele voille receivre, si respoigne meintenant le gardein de la p'son de la dette, sil eit de qei: E sil nad de qei, si respoigne celui qi la p'son luy bailla [a garder3] ; E si le dettur ne poet estre trove en le poer del meyre ou chief gardein, dunqe maund le meyre ou chief gardein, desuz le seel le Rey avauntdit al Chaunceler, la conois.saunce fete de la dette ; E le Chaunceler envoie bref al Viscunte, en qi baillie le dettur €ra trove, qil preigne son cors, sil est lay, e en sauve p'son le garde desqe ataunt qil eit fet gre de la dette; E dedenz un quarter del an, apres ceo qe il serra pris, eit ses chateus e ses tres delivres, issint qe par les soens puisse lever e paier la dette; E bien luy list, dedenz le quar?, t re & tene.ment vender pr ses dettes aquiter, E sa vente serra ferme & estable. E sil ne face gre dedenz le quar? (4) passe, seient livez au marchaunt touz les biens del dettur, e totes ses ?res par resnable estent, a tenir desqe ataunt qe la dette pleinement ?ra levee, E ja le plus tart le cors demoerge en p'son cum avaunt est dit; E le marchaunt luy truisse pain e ewe j E eit le marchaunt en ceuls tenemenz a luy liPez, ou son assigne tele scisine qil puisse por? bref de novele disseisine sil seit engete, e redeseisine autresi cu de frank tenement, a tenir a lui e a ses assignez, taunt qe la dette sait paiee; Apres la dette levee e paee seit le cors al dettur deliPe ove sa ?re. E en le bref, qe le Chaunceler enverra, seit mencion fet qe le Viscunte Ptefie les Justices del un baunc ou del autre, coment il aPa fumi le comaundement le Rey a un Stein jour. A quel jour le marchaunt, si sun gre ne soit fet, sue devaunt les Justices; E si le Viscunte ne retume nul bref, ou retume qe le bref vint trotart, ou qil ad

1 Printed Copies omit.

* Lundres Reg. A: MS. Cott. Claud. D. II.

1 Interlined on the Roll; Reg A. omits.

4 apres le quarter Reg. A.

Forasmuch as Merchants after complained unto the King, that Sheriffs misinterpreted his Statutes, and sometimes by Malice and false Interpretation delayed the execution of the Statute, to the great damage of Merchants ; the King at his Parliament holden at Westminster after Easter, the Thirteenth Year of his Reign, caused the said Statute made at Afton Bumel to be rehearsed ; and for the Declaration of certain articles in the Statute afore.said, hath ordained and established, That a Merchant who will be sure of his Debt, shall cause his Debtor to coine before the Mayor of London, or before some chief Warden of a City or of another good Town, where the King shall appoint; and before the Mayor and chief Warden, or other sufficient [Men 'J chosen and sworn thereto, when the Mayor or chief Warden cannot at.tend, and before one of the Clerks, that the King shall thereto assign, when both cannot attend, he shall knowledge the Debt and the Day of Payment; and the Recognisance shall be inrolled by one of the Clerks hands being known, and the Roll shall be double, whereof one part shall remain with the Mayor or chief Warden, and the other with the [Clerks Õ] that thereto shall be first named ; and further, one of the said Clerks with his own hand shall write an Obligation, to which writing the Seal of the Debtor shall be put with the KingÕs Seal, provided for the same Intent; which Seal shall be of two Pieces, whereof the greater Piece shall remain in the custody of the Mayor, or the chief Warden, and the other Piece in the keeping of the fore- said Clerk. And if the Debtor do not pay at the Day limited unto him, then shall the Merchant come to the Mayor and Clerk with his Obligation ; and if it be found by the Roll or Writing, that the Debt was knowledged, and the Day of Payment expired, the Mayor or chief Warden shall cause the Body of the Debtor to be taken, if he be Lay, whensoever he happeneth to come in their power, and shall commit him to the Prison of the Town, if there be any, and he shall remain there at his own Casts, until he hath agreed for the Debt. And It is commanded that the Keeper of the Town Prison shall retain him upon the delivery of the Mayor or Warden; and if the Keeper (J) [shall not4] receive him, he shall be answerable for the Debt, if he have whereof; and if he have not whereof, he that committed the Prison to his keeping shall answer. And if the Debtor cannot be found in the power of the Mayor or chief Warden, then shall the Mayor or chief Warden send into the Chan.cery, under the KingÕs Seal, the Recognisance of the Debt; and the Chancellor shall direct a Writ unto the Sheriff in whose Shire the Debtor shall be found, for to take his Body, if he be Lay, and safely to keep him in Prison until he hath agreed for the Debt; and within a Quarter of a Year after that he is taken, his Chattels (3) shall be delivered him, so that by his own he may levy and pay the Debt; and it shall be lawful unto him, during the same Quarter, to sell his Lands and Tene.ments for the discharge of his Debts, and his Sale shall be good and effeftual. And if he do not agree within the Quarter, [next>] after the Quarter expired, all the Lands and Goods of the Debtor shall be delivered unto the Merchant by a reasonable Extent, to hold them until such Time as the Debt is wholly levied j and neverthe.less the Body shall remain in Prison as before is said; and the Merchant shall find him Bread and Water; and the Merchant shall have such Seisin in the Lands and Tenements delivered unto him, or his Assignee, that he may maintain a Writ of Novel Disseisin, if he be put out, and Re-disseisin also, as of Freehold, to hold to him and his Assigns until the Debt be paid; and as soon as the Debt is levied (?) the Body of the Debtor shall be delivered with his Lands. And in such Writs as the Chancellor doth award Mention shall be made, that the Sheriff shall certify the Justices of the one Bench or of the other, how he hath performed the KingÕs Command.ment, at a certain day ; at which day the Merchant shall sue before the Justices, if Agreement be not made; and if the [Sheriffs"] do not return the Writ, or do return that the Writ came too late, or that he hath directed it

Ô man * Clerk * of the Priton

4 will not ' and Lands * then,

* and paid 5 Sheriff

The Form of acknowledg.ing of a Statute Merchant.

Sealing of auch Statute.

Creditor's remedy if the Debt be not paid.

Certificate of the Statute into

Chancery.

Within what Time the Debtor may sell his Land.

What Estate the Merchant shall have in the DebtorÕs Lands.

[See Slat. Wtstm. a. (. J9-]

How the DebtorÕs Sureties shall be used.

What Lands shall be

extended.

The HeirÕs Lands, but not his Body, shall be extended.

A Seal for Fairs.

The Statute to be read to the Debtor.

The King's Duty upon a Statute ac.knowledged.

This Aa shall not ex.tend to Jews.

Writ of Debt not abated. The Chancel.lor, Justices, &c. may take Recogni.zances as heretofore.

to the Bailiffs of some Franchise, the Justices shall do as it is contained in the latter Statute of Westminster. And if in case the Sheriff return, that the Debtor cannot be found, or that he is a Clerk, the Merchant shall have Writs to all the Sheriffs where he shall have Land, [and'] that they shall deliver unto him all the Goods and Lands of the Debtor by a reasonable Extent, to hold unto him and his Assigns in the form aforesaid ; and [at the last1] he shall have a Writ to what Sheriff he will, to take his Body, if he be Lay, and to retain it in manner aforesaid. And let the Keeper of the Prison take heed, that he must answer for the Body or for the Debt. And after the DebtorÕs Lands be delivered to the Merchant, the Debtor may lawfully sell his Land, so that the Merchant have no damage [of thes] Approve.ments. And the Merchants shall always be allowed for their Damages and all [Costs, Labours, Suits, Delays, and Expences reasonable.4] And if the Debtor find Sureties, which do acknowledge themselves to be prin.cipal Debtors, after the day passed, the Sureties shall be ordered in all Things as is said of the principal Debtor, as to the Arrest of Body, Delivery of Lands, and other Things. And when the Lands of the Debtors be deli.vered unto the Merchant, he shall have Seisin of all the Lands that were in the hand of the Debtor, the day of the Recognizance made, in whose hands soever that they come after, either by Feoffment or otherwise. And after the Debt paid, [the DebtorÕs Lands and the issues of Lands of Debtors by feoffment shall return again, as well to the Feoffee, as the other Lands unto the Debtors.5] And if the Debtor or his Sureties die, the Merchant shall have no Authority to take the Body of his Heir, but he shall have his Lands, as before is said, if he be of age, or when he shall be of full age ; [until he hath levied of the Lands the amountance and value of the Debt.] And a Seal shall be provided, that shall serve for Fairs, and the same shall be sent unto every Fair under the KingÕs Seal by a Clerk sworn, or by the Keeper of the Fair [, And of' the Commonalty of the Merchants of the City of London Two Merchants shall be chosen, that shall swear6] and the Seal shall be opened before them; and the one Piece shall be de.livered unto the foresaid Merchants, and the other shall remain with the Clerk; and before them, or one of the Merchants, if both cannot attend, the Recognizances shall be taken, as before is said. And before that any Recognizance be inrolled, the pain of the Statute shall be openly read before the Debtor, so that after he can.not say, that any did put another Penalty than that whereto he bound himself. And to maintain the Costs of the said Clerk, the King shall take of every Pound a Penny, in every Town where the Seal is, except Fairs, where he shall take one penny halfpenny of the Pound. This Ordinance and AH the King willeth to be observed from henceforth throughout his Realm of England and Ireland, [amongst the which People they that will may make'] such Recognisances, except jews to whom this Ordinance shall not extend. And by this Statute a Writ of Debt shall not be abated ; and the Chancellor, Justices of the one Bench and the other, the Barons of the Exchequer, and Justices Errants, shall not be estopped to take Recognisances of Debts, [before them know- ledged and made.*] But the Execution of Recognisances made before them shall not be done in the Form afore.said, but by the Law [and manner before used, and9] otherwise provided in other Statutes.

1 Old Printed Copies omit this Word.

1 nevertheless 1 from hit

< necessary and reasonable Costs, in their Labours, Suits, Delays, and Expences.

5 the Lands which were out of the Debtor by Feoffment shall return bach to the Feoffee, in Hie manner at the other Lands shall to the Debtor!.

¥ . sfn / by the Keeper of the Fair, and the Commonalty of Merchants, two lawful Merchants of the City of London shall be chosen, who shall tale the Oath,

1 between any that will of their own accord make e from any who will male such before them.

Ç usage and manner

maunde al baillifs de la fraunchise, si facent les Justices solom ceo qil est cotenu en le drein statut de Wemus?. E si par cas le Viscunte maunde qe le dettur nest pas trove, ou seit clerk, si eit le marchaunt bref a tuz les Viscuntes ou il av*a terre, qil lui livÕent tuz les chateus e les tenemenz al dettur par resnable estent a tenir a luy e a ses assignez en la furme qe est avauntdite ; E ja le plus tart, eit bref a quel Viscunte qil vodra de prendre son cors, sil est Lay, e tenir en la furme avauntdite. E bien se garde le gardein de la p'sun qil luy covendra respundre del cors, ou de la dette. E apres ceo qe les tres al dettur serrunt livÕeez al marchaunt bien lirra au dettur sa tre vendre issint qe le marchaunt neit damage de ses approumenz, E sauvez seient touz jours al marchaunt damages, e chescunz custagez necessaires e resunnables en t*vails, sutes, delaies e en despenses. E si le dettur truisse plegges, qi se conoissent estre p'ncipals detturs, apres le jour passe seit fet des plegges en totes choses cu est dit del principal dettur, quant a cors prendre e tres livW, e autres choses. E q*nt les t res al detturs srunt liv'ez as marchaunz, si eit seisine de totes les tres, qe fiirent en la main le dettur, le jour qe la conois. saunce fu fete, en qi mein qe eles srunt apres devenuz, ou par feffement, ou par autre maSe. E apres la dette paie, les tres [issuez del dettur'] par feffement, ret'nent autresi bien arere al feffe cu les autres tres as detturs. E si le dettur ou plegge moerge, point neit le mar.chaunt [recoverir'] a prendre le cors le Eir, mes a ses tres cu avaunt est dit, sil est de age, ou q*nt il €ra de age. E seit purveu un seel qi €ve as feires; E i ceo seel sra envoie a chescune feire desuz le seel le Rey par un clerk [Jure. E par le Gardein3] de la feire e(4) la comunaute des marchaunz seient elluz deus leus mar.chaunz de la cite de I.undres qil facent le serment; e devaunt eus seit le seel ov^t; E la une peece seit bailie as avauntdiz marchaunz, e lautre demoerge v*s le clerk, E devaunt eux ou le un des marchaunz, si amdeus ni poent estre, seient les conoissaunces fetes cu devaunt est dit. E avaunt ceo qe nule reconoissaunce seit en- roullee seit la peine del statut aptement leu devaunt le dettur, issint qil ne puisse autrefoiz dire qe lorn li met autre peine, qe icele au quele il se obliga. E a susteim les custages del avauntdit clerk, si prendra le Rey de chescune livre un den en chescune vile ou le seel 's>ra. horepris Faire ou il prendra treis mailles de la livre. Cest ordeinement e establiseinent veut le Rei qe de- soremes seit tenu par tut sun reaume de EngletVe e de Irlaunde, entre quclsz genz, qi ceo soient, qi de lour eindegre vodrunt tele reconoissaunce fere, forsp's Jeus, as queus cest establiseinent ne sestent pas. E par cest establisement ne seit pas bref de dette abatu: E ne seient pas le Chaunceler, Baruns del Escheker, Justices del un baunc e del autre e Justices erraunz [forclos!] de prendre reconoissaunces de dettes de eus qi devaunt eux les vodrunt fere; mes les execucions des conois.saunces devaunt eus fetes nen seient pas fetes par la furme avauntdite, mes p la ley, e le usage, e la mane pÕveue aillors en autre estatut. (a)

pouvoir Printed Capita

issuez des dettours MS. Cott.

__ issues des dettours Reg. A.

{jurce a p le gardein Reg. A. jure ou p son gardein Old Printed Copies.

4 par Printed Copies. 5 Interlined on the Roll.

(a) Bref de la Chauncelerie sur me le estatut.

Breve. Rex vie saltm. Quia A. coram tali Majore, vt Custode tat vitt, vt corÕm Custodibj sigitti nri de iScatoribj in Nundinis de tali loco recognov' se defee B. tantu quod ei reddidisse debu' tali die & nodum reddidit, ut dicit', tÔ jJcipim5 qct corpus pdei A. capias & in pÕsona nra salvo custodias, quousq, pdeo B. de pdiHo debito satisfecit. Et quair istud pceptu nfm fu is executus, scire fac Justic nris apud Westm tat die vt nofe p tras tuas jigitatas. Et feeag See. Dat apud Westni, xxviij die Junii Anno Regni nostri, Tertio decimo. Reg. A.

Gog

13¡ Edwardr, I.

£>tatutu Ctreumspetfe 3gati0.

The STATUTE of CIRCUMSPECTE AGATIS,

Ex MS. Cott. Claud. D. II. fo. 249, b.*

(')/CIRCUMSPECTE agatisde [negocio tangente1] Dnm Epm Norwicen & (*) Clerum, non pu- niendo eos si ptita tenSint {*) de hiis que mere sunt spualia, vidett de correcc&ib} q*s Prelati faciunt p mortali pcCo vidett fornicacSe adultio & huj9 p quibj aliqÕndo infligit' pena corporalis aliq'ndo pecuniaria, maxime si convi&us sit de hj9 lib homo.

Item si Prelatus (!) p Cimirio non clauso, ecctia dis- coopta vel non decenP omata, in quib3 caib} alia pena non potest infligi q*m pecuniaria [penam itnponat.5]

Item si Redtor petat [decimam tnajorem vel mino- rem dumodo non petat'quarta pars alicujus6] ecctie.

Item si Redtor petat mortuarium in ptibj ubi mor.tuar dari consuePit.

Item si Prelat9 alicujus ecctie (7) petat pensione a Redtore sibi debitam, omes huj9 [pensiones!] faciende sunt in foro ccctiastico.

De violenta manuu injeccoe in cticum, & in causa diffamacftis, concessu fuit alias qd ptita inde teneant' in Cur Xpianitatis, dumodo non petat' pecunia, sed agat' ad correccoem pcfci. (9)

In orhib3 istis caib3 bet Judex ecctiasticus cog.nosce Regia prohibicione non obstante licet porrigat'. [Ob quod'"] impetrant laici phibicoem in genie sup decima, oblacoiby, (") mortuar, redempcoib3 penitcn- cia^, violenta manuum injece&e in cticum & convsum & in causa diffamacois in quib3 ciiiby agitÕ ad penam canonicam capiend.

Responclit Dns Rex ad istos articulos qd in decimis, obvencbibt, oblacionib3, mortuar, qÕndo agit' ut p>dcm est piohibicoi non est locus. Et si Cticus vel Reli- giosus decintas suas in orrio congregatas, vel alibi ex- istentes vendiderit p pecunia alicui [& imptitet' in Cur Xpianitatis,Ò3 locum bet Regia phibicio, quia p vendi- coes res spuales sunt temporales & sic transeunt decime in catallis.

1 Rex talibus Judicibus, Salutem. * negotiis tangentibus

1 cjus Ô in Curia Christianitatis

1 puniat after Prclatus instead of penam imponat at the end of the Sentence.

1 versus parochianos, oblationes, ct decimas debitas et con- ¥uetas, vel si redtor agat contra redtorem de decimis majoribus vel minoribus, dummodo non pctatur quarta pars valoris

7 vel advocatus 1 petitiones

9 et similiter po fidei lesione.

10 Sub hac forma 11 obventonibus,

Ò si precium illud pctatur coram judice ecclesiastico,

^I^HE King to his Judges sendeth Greeting. Use

X Yourselves circumspectly in all matters concerning the Bishop of Norwich and his Clergy, not punishing them if they bold Plea, in Court Christian, of such things as be meer spiritual, that is to wit, of Penance enjoined by Prelates for deadly Sin, as Fornication* Adultery, and such like, for the which sometimes cor.poral Penance, and sometime pecuniary is enjoyned* specially if a Freeman be convift of such things.

Also if Prelates do punish for leaving the Church.yard unclosed, or for that the Church is uncovered, or not conveniently decked, in which cases none other Penance can be enjoined but pecuniary.

Item, if a Parson demand of his Parishioners Obla.tions or Tithes due and accustomed ; or if any Parson do sue against another Parson for Tithes greater or smaller, so that the fourth part of the value of the Be.nefice be not demanded.

Item, if a Parson demand Mortuaries, in Places where a Mortuary hath been used to be given.

Item, if a Prelate of a Church or, [of a Patron,Õj demand of a Parson a Pension due to him, all such Demands are to be made in a Spiritual Court.

And for laying violent hands on a Clerk, and in cause of Defamation, it hath been granted already, that it shall be tried in a Spiritual Court, when money is not demanded, but [a thing done*] for Punishment of Sin, and likewise for breaking an Oath.

In all cases afore rehearsed, the Spiritual Judge shall have power to take knowledge, notwithstanding the KingÕs Prohibition (').

[Under what Form shall Lay-men *] purchase Pro.hibitions generally upon Tithes, Oblations, Obventions, redeeming of Penances, Mortuaries, violent Hands lay.ing on a Clerk or Lay-Brother, and in Cases of Defa.mation, in which Cases Spiritual Penance must be en.joined ? The King answered to these Articles ; That in Tithes, Oblations, Obventions, and Mortuaries when [they be pleaded *] as before is said, the KingÕs Prohibition doth not lie. And if a Clerk or a Person Religious do sell his [Corn6] being in his Bam, or otherwhere to any Man for Money, if the Price thereof be demanded before a Spiritual Judge, the King s Prohibition doth lie; for by the Sale the Spiritual are become Temporal, and so [Tithes pass into7] Chatties.

1 the Patron 1 the Suit is prosecuted

1 although it he themed. What follows in the Text if given in Old Prin'ed Translations as a separate Instrument of uncertain Date, intituled, ÔArticles against the KingÕs Prohibitions.Õ In TotteU'a Magna Carta, printed in 1356, this is said to be Ô parcel of the Statute de ArticuliaCleii, y Ed II.' See that Statute, chapters 1, 1, ], and 4.

* For Çvhat, Laymen may 1 the Suit it prosecuted

6 Tithes 7 the Tithes become

. non obstant/Õ ' "i** ^ r0t' ^*e O^I Printed Copies the Statute Circumspe&e Agatis ends with the Words

Ç Articuli cont ,1 ^ext as ^ere printed ; after which immediately follows a separate Instrument, intituled,

ÈÈ one Instrument*ª./? "fi / ^>C^'nnÔn8 * ^ac forma impetrant Laici prohibitionem,' These appear united in the Text

as a separate St "¡ ^ar^- 395' ind other Manuscripts, agree with the Printed Copies in giving the former Part

other Manuscr . ' ' 1 ar .667, ind other Manuscripts, agree with the Text in uniting the two Instruments ; These, and Printed Copies ^ * * *¡ 1šTeeÕ *n ,ubstance, with the Various Readings in the Notes, which are given from the Old

VOL. I.

D d

The KirgÕs Prohibition doth not lie, in Matters Spiritual.

Churches, and Chuich- yards.

Tithes and Offerings.

Mortuaries.

Pensions.

Violence to a Clerk.

Lh famation. Breach of an Oath.

Tithes, and Offerings.

Prohibition after Tithes sold.

Right of Tithetj and Patronage.

Pecuniary

Penance.

Amends for Violence to a Clerk.

Defamatiou.

None shall walk the Streets armed, after Curfew, See.

Taverns shall not be open after Curfew, See.

And if Debate hang in a Spiritual Court for the Right of Tithes, having his Original from the Right of the Patronage, and the Quantity of the same Tithes do pass the fourth part of the value of the Benefice, a Prohibi.tion shall lie.

Also if a Prelate enjoin Penance pecuniary to any Man for his Sin, if the Money be demanded before Pre.lates, a Prohibition shall lie.

And if any lay violent Hands on a Clerk or Lay- Brother for the (') Peace broken, Amends shall be made before the King, and for the Excommunication before a Bishop or Prelate ; and if a Corporal Penance be en.joined, which (Õ) the Offender will (!) redeem by giving Money to the Prelate, or to the Party grieved, a Prohibition shall not lie.

In Causes of Defamation, Prelates may freely correft the KingÕs Prohibition notwithstanding; first enjoining a Corporal Penance, which, if the Party will redeem, the Prelate may lawfully receive the Money, though the Prohibition be shewed.

1 Am/Õ/ 1 if * bt may

Item si contencio sit (') de jure decimap, origin? hens de jure patronatus, & ea£ decimap q*ntitas excedat quartam partem ecctie, locu het Regia prohibicio.

Item si Prelatus imponat pena pecuniariam alicui p pcCo & petat illam pecuniam, locG het Regia phibicio, si coram Prelatis pecunia exigat'.

Item si quis manus violentes inject in cticum, (*) p (3) pace Dili Regis debent emende fieri coram Regej p excoicacione vero coram (*) Epo, & si imponatÕ pena corporalis, quam si reus velit rediiSe dando p>lato vel leso pecuniam potest, nec in ttibj locus est phibic&i.

In diffamacionibj [libopcorrigant Prelati regia prohibicione non obstante, [licet porrigatÕ.6]

1 in Curia Christianitatis ¥ vel conversum,

> violata Ç prelato vel 5 libere

* prius injungendo penam corporalem, quam si reus redi- mere velit libere recipiat prelatus pecuniam, licet prohibitio porrigatur.

Sitatuta Ctiutatts HonDon.

STATUTES for the

THESE be the Articles which Our Lord the King doth command to be well kept in his City of London, for the keeping and maintenance of his Peace.

First, Whereas many Evils, as Murders, Robberies, and Manslaughters have been committed heretofore in the City by Night and by Day, and People have been beaten and evil intreated, and divers other Mischances have befallen against his Peace ; It is enjoined that none be so hardy to be found going or wandering about the Streets of the City, after Cur.few tolled at St. Martins le Grand, with Sword or Buckler, or other Arms for doing Mischief, or whereof evil suspicion might arise ; nor any in any other Manner, unless he be a great Man or other lawful Person of good repute, or their certain Messenger, having their Warrants to go from one to another, with Lanthern in hand. And if any be found going about contrary to the Form aforesaid, unless he have cause to come late into the City, he shall be taken by the Keepers of the Peace and be put into the place of confinement ap.pointed for such Offenders; and on the morrow he shall be brought and presented before the Warden, or the Mayor of the City for the Time being, and before the Aldermen ; and according as they shall find that he hath offended, and as the Custom is, he shall be punished.

And Whereas such Offenders as aforesaid going about by Night, do commonly resort and have their Meetings and hold their evil talk in Taverns more than elsewhere, and there do seek for shelter, lying in wait, and watching their time to do Mischief ; It is enjoined that none do keep a Tavern open for Wine or Ale, after the tolling of the aforesaid Curfew ; but they shall keep their Tavern shut after that hour, and none therein drinking or resorting; Neither shall any Man admit others in his House except in common Taverns, for whom he will not be answerable unto the KingÕs Peace. And if any Taverner be found doing the contrary, the first time he shall be put in pledge by his Tavern drinking cup, or by other good pledge there found, and he amerced forty- pence { and if he be found a second time offending, he shall be ameTced half a mark ; and the third time Ten Shillings; and the fourth time he shall pay the whole Penalty double, that il to say, Twenty Shillings: And the fifth time be shall be forejudged of his Trade for ever.

CITY of LONDON.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 42, in Cedula.

CES sont les Articles le queus nre SeignÕ le Rey Comaunde q bien seient gardez en sa Citee de Loundres, pr sa pes garder e meyntenir. Primeremet pÕ ceo q multz des mals com des murdres, Robberyes, e homycides ont este fetz ca en arrere deinz la Citee de nuyt e de Jour, e gentz Batues e mal tretes, e aut's div*ses aventures de mal avenuz encontre sa pes; Defendu est q nul seit si hardi estre trove alaunt ne wacraunt p my les Ruwes de la Citee, a p's Coeverfu psone a Seint Martyn le g*nt, a Espeye ne a Bokuyler ne a autre arme pÕ mal fere, ne dount mal supecion poet avenir; ne en autre marie nule, sil ne seit g*nt SeignÕ ou altre prodome de bone conysaunce, ou lour Pteyn message q de els serra garaunty q vount li un a lautre p conduyte de Lumere. E si nul seit trove alant encontre la fourme avantdite, ou q il seit encheson de tart venir en vyle, seit pÕs p les Gardeyns de la pes e seit mys en Le Tonel, la quel pÕ tiels meffesours est assigne, e Lendemeyn seit amene e pÕsente de- vant le Gardeyn ou le Meyre de la Citee q pr tens serra, e devant les Aldermans, e solong ceo q il trove- ront qil eit trespasse e a ceo seit coustumers seit puny. E pur ceo q tiels meffesours avauntditz, alant nu- tauntre, communalment ont lour Recet e lour Covynes, e font lour mauveyses purparlances en taveme plus tj aillours, e illoekes querent umbrage attendanz e geitant lor tens de mal fere ; Defendu est q nul ne tiegne taveme overte de Vyn ne de Cerveyse a p's le Coevertu avantdit psone ; rnes q il tiegne sa taverne close air's ctl huure, e nul leinz Bevaunt ne recettant ne en sa mesoun h<us de Communes tavemes nul ne recette pÕ quy il ne voillit estre respoignant a la pes le Rey. E si nul tanner seit trove q autrement faceo, primere- ment seit degage p soen Hanap de la TavW, ou p altre bon gage leinz trove, e seit airicye a quaraunte deniers; E si altre fiez seit trove tj ceo faceo, seit anicye a demy mark e a la tierce fiez a dys souz; e a la quarte fiez paie tute la peyne double, cest asa\? vynt souz. E la quynte fiez seit forsjugge del mestier pr tutz jourz.

1

t

1

t

1

f

i

i

1

t

i

f

i

l

1

1

1

i


13¡ Enw. I. Stat. Civitatis Lond.

Easement p' ceo q fous, q sei dehtent a mal fere, vount apndre Eskirmye de Bokyler, e de ceo plus sei abaudissent defere lour folyes; Purveu est e de- fendu q nul ne tiegne escole ne aprise de Eslur- mye de Bokyler, dedeinz la Citee de nuyt ne de jour, e si nul le faceo eit la Prison de xl. jours. E p' ceo q mals fesours pr trespas com de Bateryes, sane espaundu, e autres malfctz encontre la pcs nre Seignr le Rey, e p mal suspecioun. pris e arestutz, so- vent sont delivres p trop legiere raanere, p quey autres meyns doutantz riels punyssementz sei abaudissent en lour folyes e en sovent mesprendre, encountre la pes, p beiaunce de tiele eyse deliveraunce; Purveu est q nul en tiele manere enprisone seit delivres p Viscounte ne p Mynystre de south ly sanz agard del Gardeyn ou del Meyre q pr tens serra, e de les Aldermans si le trespas ne seit mult petit, e adunks seit prise bone meynprise e sollempne, e des gentz justizables a les Bayllyfs de la Citee, q il seit devant le dit Gardeyn ou Meyre e les Aldermans a certeyn jour a receyvre agard e juggement solong soen trespas. Derichief p'veu est q chescun Alderman, en soen Gardemot ententivemet enquerge de tiel meffesours repeirantz e demorantz en sa Garde; e si nuls riels seient trovez p presenteinet ou enditement des bones gentz de la Garde ou de male suspecioun, tantost seient attachez p lour cors, e veignet devant le Gardeyn ou Meyre e les Aldermans, e seient aresonez de ceo dont il sont enditez, ou sour eus presentez ; e cels qe aquiter ne sei poent seient pu- nyz p enprisonement, ou autre punyssemet, p lour descretion, e solong ceo q le trespas demaunde.

F p' ceo q akunes gent soent repeirantz en la Citee, acuns des tVes de outre mer e acuns de la t*re meismes, e illoesks querent umbrage e refu pÕ Bannyssement hors de lour pays ou pr g*nt trespas ou autre forfet sei sont de lour pays aloignez; e des riels les uns sei font abrocours hostillurs e herberjours denz la Citee des privez e des est*nges, si avant com il fuysseient bons e leals de la f*nchise de la Citee; e les uns riens ne font fors q aler sus e jus p my les Ruwes, plus de nuyt q de jour, e sont bien atirez com de vesture e munture, e sei font pestre de deliciouses vyaundes e coustouses; ne il ne font mestier ne marchaundise nule, ne Pres ne tenementz ne ount de quei vyvre, ne amy q les trove, e des tiels nvenet multz des perils en la Citee sovent, e multz des mals, e les uns ont apte mauveytez sont trovez, com des Robberyes e Brusures des mesons de nuytz, murdres, e autres mals: Purveu est, q nul dest*nge Pre ne altre dont q il seit, ne seit reseant herberjour ne hostiler denz la Citee sil ne seit f*nc home de la Citee, receu e a ferme devat le Gar.deyn ou Meyre e les Aldermans, com bon home e leal; e q il tit bone testmoignance, del luy dunt il sra venu, q il seit bien e lealmet depty e trove saufs plegges justizables a les Bayllifs de la* Citee destre respoignant a la pes le Rey, e les Citeyns e la Citee garder sanz dammage. Ne nul Abrocour ne seit denz la Citee for ceaus ij seent receuz e jures devat le Gar.deyn ou Meyre e Aldermans. E touz ceus q sont Herberjours, Hostiliers, e Abrocours en la Citee en.contre la fourme avantdite, del jour qe ces Articles sorront Lus e pubbliez denz la Citee, [desks a un moys'] sei demettet e retreient q mes ne le facent e si nul seit trove q le faceo aps la dist meys, ou altre de quy len eit [male 1 ] suspeceoun p soen mauveys port com p mauveyse Compaignye ou p bone testmoig.nance del vygne, tantost seit arestu p soen cors p le 1 * Interlined on the Roll.

Also, Forasmuch as Fools who delight in Mischief, do leam to fence with Buckler, and thereby are the more encouraged to commit their Follies ; It is Provided and enjoined that none shall hold school for, nor shall teach the Art of Fencing with Buckler, within the City, by Night or by Day ; and if any S3 do, he shall be imprisoned for Forty Days.

And Whereas Malrfattors taken and arrested for Tres.passes, as for Batteries, spilling of Blood, and other Offences against the Peace of our Lord the King, and for evil suspi.cion, are often delivered too easily, by reason whereof, others the less dreading such Punishments are encouraged in their Follies, and in often transgressing against the Peace, in ex.pedition of such easy Deliverance: It is Provided that no Man so imprisoned shall be delivered by tbe Sheriff, nor by any Officer under him, without the Award of the War.den or Mayor for the Time being, and of the Aldermen ; unless the Trespass be very small; and then good and solemn Mainprize shall be taken, and of Persons justiceable before the Bailiffs of the City, that he do appear before the said Warden or Mayor, and the Aldermen, at a certain Day, to receive Award and Judgement according to his Trespass.

Moreover It is Provided, that every Alderman in his Wardmote shall make diligent Enquiry concerning such Ma- lefa£tors, resorting to and abiding in his Ward ; and if any such be found by Presentment or Indi&ment of the good Men of the Ward, or by evil suspicion, they shall straight be attached by their Bodies, and brought before the Warden or Mayor, and the Aldermen, and be arraigned of that whereof they are indi&ed or presented ; and they who can.not acquit themselves, shall be punished by Imprisonment, or other Punishment, at their Discretion, and according to what the Trespass requircth.

And Whereas divers Persons do resort unto the City, some from Parts beyond the Sea, and others of this Land, and do there seek shelter and refuge, by reason of Banishment out of their own Country, or who for great offence or other mis.deed have fled from their own Country ; and of these some do become Brokers, Hostelers, and Innkeepers within the City, for Denizens and Strangers, as freely as though they were good and lawful Men of the Franchise of the City; and some nothing do but run up and down through the Streets, mote by Night than by Day, and are well attired in Cloathing and Array, and have their Food of delicate Meats and costly; Neither do they use any Craft or Merchandize, nor have they Lands or Tenements whereof to live, nor any Friend to find them: and through such Persons many perils do often happen in the City, and many evils, and some of them are found openly offending, as in Robberies, breaking of Houses by night, Murders, and other evil Deeds: It is Pro.vided that no Man of Foreign Lands or other Person what.soever, shall be a resiant Innkeeper or Hosteler in the City, unless he be a Freeman of the City, admitted and at Farm before the Warden or Mayor, and the Aldermen, as a good Man and true ; and that he have good testimony from the Parts whence he cometh, that he hath well and lawfully de.parted ; and that he find safe Pledges justiceable before the Bailiffs of the City, to be answerable to the KingÕs Peace, and to save the Citizens and the City harmless. And there shall be no Broker in the City, except those who are admitted and sworn before the Warden or Mayor, and Aldermen. And all that are Innkeepers, Hostelers, and Brokers in the City, con.trary to the form aforesaid, from one Month after the Day when these Articles shall be read and published in the City, shall forego the same, and withdraw themselves that thty do so no more; and if any be found offending herein after the said Month, or any other of whom there is evil suspicion for his ill behaviour, as for bad Company, or by good Evidence of the Neighbourhood, he shall forthwith be arrested by his

None shall tench fencing with Buckler

iu the City-

Offender* shall be discharged only by the Mayor, Jtc.

Aldermen shall secure Offenders in their respective

Wards.

Foreigners shall not be Innkeepert, unless made free of the City.

Admission of Brokers.

Punishment of Persons a cling as Brokers, Innkeepers, dtc. contrary hereto.


______

Officer*

executing thin Aft indemnified-

Charter* of Confirmation of Libertie*.

Body by the Warden or Mayor, or the Sheriff*, or by the Alderman in whose Ward he shall be found, and shall be pu.nished according as he shall be found to have transgressed the Form aforesaid, or to have otherwise offended} that is to say, Innkeepers and Hostelers, and Brokers, shall be for ever in.admissible to the Franchise, and awarded to Prison ; and the others shall be punished by Imprisonment, or otherwise, ac.cording as the Offence requireth.

THE KING, who willeth that the Peace of his City be well kept among all Persons, having been informed that his said Articles are not observed, neither can be, by reason that his Officers have been many times accused and grievously punished before his Auditors of Plaints, and elsewhere in his Court, for imprisoning and otherwise punishing Offenders and suspetled Persons, for that they had not the KingÕs Warrant for so doing ; whereby the said Officers have been and are less bold to chastise and punish Offenders, and these do be.come so much the more daring to offend, and do give unto others the example of evil doing, to the great peril of the City and great encouragement of Offences; He doth will and command, that from henceforth none of his Officers shall be complained of before his Auditors of Plaints, or else.where in his Court, for any imprisoning or other punishing of Offenders or Persons suspected of evil : Unless it be that any Officer should so do of open malice and for his own re.venge, or for the revenge of another that maliciously procureth the same, and not for the keeping of the Peace.

And the King willeth that these Provisions, and the Additions, be well and surely kept in the aforesaid City, for the maintenance of his Peace, with the Amendments thereof when it shall please him to make such, for the Profit of his City.

Gardein ou Meyre ou les Viscontes, ou par Alderman en qui garde il serra trove, e solong ceo q il serra trove cont'venat la fourme avantdite ou en altre trei- pas seient punyz ; Cestasav5, les Herberjours e Hostil- liers, e Abrocours seient noun receivables a la fran- chise pur tutz jours, e a la prisone ajuggez; e les alrres seient punyz p enprisonement ou en alt* mafle, selong ceo q le trespas demaunde.

Le Rey, q veut la pes de sa Citee estre bien garde entre tutes gentz, ad entendu q ses distz Articles ne sont poynt tenuz, ne estre ne poent, p' ceo q ses mynystres sovent ont este enquerelez e grevement punyz devant ses Auditours des plevntes, e aillours en sa Court, p' enprisonementz e altres punyssementz de meffesours e de suspecionous de mal, pur ceo q il ne eurent de Rey garaunt a ceo fere; dont les ditz mynystres ont este e sont meyns osez a chastier e punyr les meffesours, e p tant sei abaudissent de mef- fere, e donnet as altres ensample de mauveyste, a g*nt peril de la Citee e g*nt nurture des mals; Veut e comande q desormes nul de ses Mynystres seit euque- rele devant ses Auditours des pleyntes ne ailliours en sa Court, pur nul enprisonement ou altre pu- nyssement de meffesours ou souspecionous de mal: Si ens ne seit q mynystre le face p apte malice e sa ppre venjeaunce, ou pr venjaunce de autri q p malice le procure, e ne mye pr la garde de sa pes.

E le Rey cestes purveaunces e ajoustementz veut q en lavantdite Citee seient bien e sauvemJt gardez, pr sa pes meyntenir, ove les amendementz q*nt il li plerra quil mettre pur le proffist de sa Citee.

ifojma Confirmartonfa Cartarum.

The FORM of CONFIRMATION of CHARTERS.

.pRAYED our Lord the King, in his Parliament at West- minster, after Easter, in the Thirteenth Year of his Reign, divers of his Realm, as well Prelates, Men of Religion, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, as Earls and Barons, and other Secular or Lay Persons, that our said Lord the King would of his favour confirm the Charters, by his Progenitors, Kings of England, or by others, granted to the Predecessors or Ancestors of them the said Persons, and to them: Whereupon our said Lord the King, after deliberation thereon hod with his Council, hath granted that the Confirmations of those Charters should be made in the Forms underwritten.

A Charter of Confirmation of Liberties in this Form. Edward, &c. We have Inspected the Charter of Gift, Grant, or Confirmation, which the Lord King Henry, our Father, or such an one, our Progenitor, Grandfather, or Great grand.father, or such an one, our Ancestor, or other, made, in these words ; or made to such an one in these words: Henry, 8cc. Or such Ancestor or Predecessor, Sec. And the Charter to be confirmed shall be written word for word, without addition, change, transposition, or any diminution. And at the End thus : Wi therefore, the aforesaid Grant, or the aforesaid Grants, ratifying and approving, it or them, for Us and our Heirs, to him the aforesaid such an one, and his Heirs, or such an one and his Successors, do grant and con.firm, as the aforesaid such an one and his Predecessors or Ancestors, those Liberties have hitherto justly and reasonably used. These being Witnesses, See. or, In Witness, Sec.

Ex Rot. Claus, in Tut r. Lond. l^Edw.I. m. 7. in Cedula. ^'UPLICABANT dilo Regi, in pliamento suo apud Westiii post Pasch anno regni sui xiij" plures de regno suo, tain f?lati, viri religiosi, & alie psone Eccastice, q*m Comites & Barones, k cefe psone secu- lares, seu laice, ut idem Diis Rex Cartas, a pgenitoribus suis Regibus Angt, vel ab aliis, concessas p'decessoribus seu antecessoribus ipap psonaj, & eis, de sua gra con- firmaret: Unde idem Dns Ji hito sup hoc, cum suo Consilio, tra&atu, concessit qd confirmacones Cartap illap fiant sub formis subsc'ptis.

Carta confirmac&nis Libertatum, sub hac forma: Edwardus, kc. Inspexim9 Cartam donac&nis, qcessionis, vel confirmac&nis, quam Dns H. Rex, pa? nr, vel talis pgenitor nr, avus vel pavus, vel talis antecessor nr, vel alius, fecit in hec verba, vel fecit tali in hec verba: Henf, kc. vel tat antecessor vel pMecessor, kc Et Carta confirmanda, de verbo ad verbum, sine addicone, mutacione, transmutac&ne, vel aliqua diminuc&ne, sc- batur. Et in fine sic: Nos aute pd?am concessionem, vel p>dcas concessiones ratas ftentes k g*tas, earn, vel eas, p nob k hered nris, p>d?o tali k hered suis, vel tali & sue? suis, concedim9 & confirmam9, sic1 ipe tat & pdecessores seu antecessores sui, libtatibus illis hucusq, juste & rac&nabili? usi sunt. Hiis testib9, &c. vel, in cuj9, &c.


4

J.D12S5.

13¡ Edw. I. Forma Confirm. Cartarum.

105

**

V

ii,

'iii

*P*

nji

I*!)

šji

isi,

ba:

4*

V

*<*

k}

4 a.

mil!!

*ii

iÇH

*i

Hphs

Ci

so a

kp

£È

fljtoi

sail

Pš

OBS

Ca

to

(IBS

idi

tssri

-us

kl

0

slÇ

rfl

M

Si autem Carta Confirmac&nis doni, de ten, sive de ten dato a pt-, vel ab alio, tunc sic : Inspexim9, &c. sicut p'us. Et in fine, sic : Nos autem predCas do- nac6m & concessionem ratas tlentes & gratas, eas j> nob & hered nris, tali, & hered suis, vel tali k sued suis, concedim9 & confirmam9, sicut Carte predfe juste & rac&nabili? testant'. Hiis testib}, &c. vel, In cuj9,8cc.

Si autem in Carta confirmanda contineantur utraq^ scitt, concessio libtatum & donu de ten, a p>deces- sore, vel a p>decessoribus nris, seu aliis, tunc sub hac forma: Edwardus, 8cc. Inspexim9 Cartam quam tat predecessor vel antecessor nr fecit tali, de tali ten, vel de talibus ten, & de libtatibus subsc'ptis in hec verba: Et tunc in fine confirmac&nis illius fiat mencio de utrisq,, sic: Nos autem predcas donac&nes 8c conces- siones ratas fientes & gratas, eas pro nob 8c hered nris, tali 8c hered suis, vel tali & suc£ suis, concedim9 8c confirmam9, sicut predca Carta, vel predee Carte, talis predecessoris, vel antecessoris nri de tali ten, vel de talibus ten, et sicut Carta vel Carte, ejusdem vel eo^dem, de predcis libertadbus, quibus ipe 8c p>deces- sores, seu- antecessores sui, hucusq^ raconabilit? usi sunt, juste 8c rac&nabiliter testantur.

Si autem Carta, vel Carte, al?ius vel alioj> de [novo'] dono 8c [nova Õ 3 cocessione, de ten, sive de tenemtis petatur confirmari, tunc sic : Edwardus, 8cc. Inspexim9 Cartam tat, vel talium, 8cc. in hec verba: Nos autem p>dSas don5es 8c concessiones ratas hentes 8c gratas, eas p nob 8c hered nris, salvo jure [nro 8c jure1 J cujus- libet, concedim9 8c confirmam9; sicut Carta vel Carte predfe racionabili? testantur. Hiis testibus, 8cc. vel, In cuj9, 8cc.

Et si qtingat qd post huj9modi gnfirmacoes oriatur dubitacio, utm articulus vel articuli, in Carta 9tent9 vel 9tenti, plene fSit vel fSint usitatus, vel usitati, vel non; tunc cum deventum fuerit ad illam dubitacom, fiat dis- cussio coram Thes 8c Baron de ScÕcio de usu articuli, vel articuloj}, de quo vel quibus, orta f8it dubitaco; Et ad istam discussione faciend assodent s1 Thes 8c Ba.rones, Justic? de utroque Banco, 8c oiiies alios Justic quos tunc London p>sentes esse cotiglit. Ita tamen qd si absentes fSint Justic! de Banco Jlr 8c forte absens f8it aliquis Justic de alio Banco, vel aliq's de Baron P'dfis, no pptr hoc remaneat ilia discussio faciend; set Thes 8c ceti Baron, assumptis secum JustiS tunc ibi psentibus, pcedant ad discussionem illam faciend: 8c detmietur p eos, ut de illo articulo, vel de iliis articulis, p usum vel abusum eop [quid4] debeat im- pos?uia observari.

Et si quis petat al?ius fc!m vel donu p dnm £ 9firmari, p'mo vidend est, utm donacio, vel concessio, vel f£m, vel donu, sit novu, vel antiqum, a con- firmatu; et si sit novu differat' confirmacio, quousq, consti?it dno qd jus n5 heat in ten p alium datum.

* * * 4 Interlined on the Roll.

And if it be a Charter of Confirmation of the Gift of Te.nements, or of a Tenement given by the King or by another, then thus: We have Inspe&ed, 8cc. as before. And at the End thus: We therefore, the aforesaid Gift and Grant ratuy- ing and approving, the same for Us and our Heirs, to such an one and his Heirs, or to such an one and his Succes.sors, do grant and confirm; as the aforesaid Charters do justly and reasonably testify. These being Witnesses, 8cc. or, In Witness, &c.

And if in the Charter to be confirmed both be contained, that is to say, a Grant of Liberties, and a Gift of Lands, by our Predecessor or Predecessors or others, then in this Form, Edward, Sec. Ws have Inspe&ed the Charter which such an one, our Predecessor or Ancestor made to such an one, of such a Tenement, or of such Tenements, and of the Liberties under.written, in these Words: And then at the End of such Confir.mation, mention shall be made of both, thus: We therefore, the aforesaid Gifts and Grants ratifying and approving, the same for Us and our Heirs, to such an one and his Heirs, or to such an one and his Successors, do grant and confirm ; as the aforesaid Charter, or the aforesaid Charters, of such an one our Predecessor or Ancestor, of such a Tenement, or of such Tenements, and as the Charter or Charters of him or of them, of the aforesaid Liberties, which he and his Predecessors or Ancestors have hitherto reasonably used, do justly and reasonably testify.

And if the Charter or Charters of another or others, of a new Gift and a new Grant of a Tenement, or of Tenements, be required to be confirmed, then thus: Edward, 8cc. We have Inspected the Charter of such an one, or of such Per.sons, 8tc. in these words; We therefore, the aforesaid Gifts and Grants ratifying and approving, the same for Us and our Heirs do grant and confirm; Saving Our Right and the Right of any other Person ; as the aforesaid Charter or Charters do reasonably testify. These being Witnesses, &c. or, In Witness, 8cc.

And if it happen that after such Confirmations, there arise a Doubt whether any Article or Articles in the Charter con.tained, might have been fully exercised or not; then when it is come to lhat Doubt, a Discussion shall be had before the Trea.surer and Barons of the Exchequer, concerning the using of the Article or Articles, whereupon the Doubt shall have arisen ; and for the making of that Discussion, the Treasurer and Ba.rons shall associate unto them the Justices of each Bench, and all other Justices who shall then happen to be in London. Yet so that if the Justices of the King's Bench should be absent, and peradventure any Justice of the other Bench should be absent, or any one of the aforesaid Barons, that Discussion shall not therefore be deferred to be made; but the Treasurer and the rest of the Barons, taking unto them the Justices then there present, shall proceed to make that Discussion : and it shall be determined by them, what ought in future to be observed as to that Article or Articles, by the Use or Abuse thereof.

And if any Man require the Deed or Gift of another to be confirmed by our Lord the King, it is first to be seen whether the Donation or Grant, or Deed or Gift be new, or an old one confirmed by the King: And if it be new, the Confir.mation shall be deferred, until it shall appear unto our T ord the King, that he hath no Right in the Tenement granted by another.

Charters of

Confirmation of Grants of Tenements.

Charters of Confirmation of Liberties & Tenements together.

Confirmations of private Grants.

For deciding Doubts as to the Use of Liberties, Sec.

Enquiry of the King's Right.

VOL. I.

1.

Freeholder* may sell their Lands; Ço that the Feoffee do hold of the Chief Lord.

II .

Sale of Part.

Apportion.ment of Service*.

III.

Mortmain

prohibited.

Anno 18¡ EDWARDI, I- A.D. 1289-90.

$tatutu 6'nt a. St tÕrfs SenStnD' $ emenDÕ.*

A STATUTE of our Lord The King, concerning the Selling and Buying of Land.

FORASMUCH as Purchasers of Lands and Tene.ments of the Fees of great men and [other Lords,1] have many times' heretofore entered into their Fees, to the prejudice of the Lords, [to whom *] the Freeholders of such great men (!) have sold their Lands and Tene.ments to be holden in Fee (4) of their Feoffors, and not of the Chief Lords of the Fees, whereby the same Chief Lords have many times lost their Escheats, Marriages, and Wardships of Lands and Tenements belonging to their Fees; which thing seemed very hard and extream unto those [Lords and other great men,5] and more.over in this case manifest Disheritance: Our Lord the King, in his Parliament at Westminster after Easter, the eighteenth year of his Reign, that is to wit, in the Quinzime of Saint John Baptist, at the instance of the great Men of the Realm, granted, provided, and or.dained, That from henceforth it shall be lawful to every Freeman to sell at his own pleasure his Lands and Te.nements, or part of them ; so that the Feoffee shall hold the same Lands or Tenements of the [Chief Lord of the same Fee, by such Service6] and Customs as his Feoffor held before.

AND if he sell any part of such Lands or Tenements to any, the Feoffee shall immediately hold it of the Chief Lord, and shall be forthwith charged with the Services, for so much as pertaineth, or ought to pertain to the said Chief Lord for the same parcel, according to the Quantity of the Land or Tenement [so] sold: And so in this case the same part of the Service [shall remain to the Lord, to be taken by the hands of the Feoffee, for the which he ought7] to be attendant and answerable to the same Chief Lord, according to the Quantity of the Land or Tenement sold, for the parcel of the Service so due.

AND it is to be understood, that by the said Sales or Purchases of Lands or Tenements, or any parcels of them, such Lands or Tenements shall in no wise come into Mortmain, either in part or in whole, neither by Po.licy ne Craft, contrary to the Form of the Statute made thereupon of late. And It is to wit, that this Statute extendeth but only to Lands [holden8] in Fee Simple; and that it extendeth to the time coming; and it shall begin to take effeft at the Feast of Saint Andrew the Apostle next coming. [Given the eighteenth year of the Reign of King Edward, Son to King Henry.]

1 others * to which Purchasers

3 and others 4 to them and their Heirs

J great Men and other Lords 6 same Chief Lord, and by the same Services

1 shall cease to he taken by the Chief Lord by the hanijs of the Feoffor, from the time that the Feoffee ought * sold to be holden

Ex Rot. de Placit. ad Pari. 18 Edw. 1. m. g.

OUIA Emptores Prap & ten de feodis magnatu & alioj, in prejudicium [eopde '] tempibj re- troaftis multociens in feodis suis sunt ingressi, quibj lifee tenentes eopdem magnatu & aliop Pras & ten sua vendiderut, tenenda in feodo sibi & ftedibj suis de feoffatorib3 suis & no de Cap dnis feodop, p quod iidem Cap dni eschaetas, maritag & custodias terrap & ten de feodis suis existenciu sepius amiserut, quod quidem eisdem magnatibj & aliis dnis qÔm pfrimum duru & difficile videbatur, & simiir in hoc cisu exile- dacb manifesta: Dns Rex in pliamento suo apud Westm post Pascll anno regni sui Decio oftavo, vi- delt in quindena sci Johis BapI, ad instancia magnatu regni sui, concessit, pvidit, & statuit, qd de ce?o liceat unicuiq, lifeo hoi terra sua seu ten sive pte inde p volutate sua vendere; Ita tamen qd feoffatus teneat terra ilia seu ten de eodem Cap dno & p ead €vicia & cosuetudines, p que feoffator suus ilia prius tenuit. Et si ptem aliq* eapdem Prajs seu ten suop alicui ven- diderit, feoffatus ilia teneat immediate de Cap dno k onietur statim de svicb q*ntum ptinet sive ptiSe debet eidem dno p pdcula ilia, sfdm q*ntitatem terre seu ten venditi; Et sic in hoc casu, decidat Cap dno ipa ps svicii [capienda p manu feoffatoris,*] ex quo feof.fatus debet eidem Cap dno jux* q*ntitatem terre seu ten venditi de pticula ilia Svicii sic debiti esse intendens k respondes. Et set5 qd p pddas vendic&es sive emp- c6es terrap seu ten, seu ptis alicuj9 eopdem, nullo modo possut terre seu ten ilia, in pte vel in toto, ad manu mortua deveire, arte vel ingenio cont* for*m statuti sup hoc dudu editi. &c. Et scT1 qd istud statutu locu tenet de terris venditis tenendis in feodo simptr tantu, [8tc; Et qd seJ] extendit ad tempus futuru ; Et incipiet locu terJe ad Festu sfi Andree pximo futur. kc.

1 ipo^ Rot. Claus.

( per manus feoffati capiendÕ Old Printed Copies:

(_ Fetus Codex, k Rot. Claus, agree with the Text.

' & se Rot. Clcuss.

* This Title is in the Margin of the Roll, and of the Fetus Codex at the Tower,/#. 20 : On the Close Roll t8 Edw. I. m.6. d, this Statute is entered with the following Title in the Margin, Ç Statuf qd null5 emat Žras de aliis tenend qÔ de capitalibj dnis, kc.Õ In the Printed Copies and Translations it is intituled, Ô Statutum Westm. iij. The Statute of Westminster the Third, viz. of Quia Emptores Terrarum.Õ


Statutum de Quo Warranto.'

Quali? bna He quo Waro debent Jraiari & d* ceft) ptari.

Ex Rot. dt Plant, ad Pari. 18 F.dw. I. m. 7. d.'

QUIA bria de quo Waranto k Sc judicia sup ptiris eopdem brium reddenda diutinam ceput ditonem, eo qd JustiC in judiciis illis reddend dd volun- tate dni Reg no fuerut hucusq, certiorati; Idem dns Rex ad pliamentu suu post Pascb apud Westm anno regni sui decimo o&avo de gra sua spali, & Sc ppr affe&ionem, quam bet erga {Platos, Com, Barones k ce?os de regno suo, concessit qd omes de regno suo quicunq fuerint, tarn viri religiosi ql alii, qui p bonam inquisicoem pne aut alio modo [sufficienti *] verificare pot\nt, qd ipi & eop antecessores, vel predecessores usi fuerut libtatibj quibuscunq,, de quibj per bria predca fuerut imptitati, ante tempus Reg Ricardi cohsangui- nei sui aut toto tempe suo, & hucusq, [sine interrup- c6neÔ] cotinuarut, [Et5] Ita qd libtatibj illis n5 sint abusi, qd ptes adjornent' ulterius [coram eisdem Justic6] usq certu dig & racionabilem, infra quern dnm Regem adire possint cum recordo Justic [sub 7] sigillo suo [signato,'] & redire; & dns Rex statum eo£ affirmabit per litteras suas. Et illi qui nd poterint seisinam an- tecessop seu p*decesso£ suojt verificare, eodem modo, quo predem est, deducantr k judicent' sedm legem comunem ; Et illi, qui bent cartas regales, sedm cartas illas [& earumd plenitudiem9 ] judicentr. Pretea diius Rex de gra sua speciali concessit qd offiia judicia, que reddita sunt in ptitis de quo quaranto, p Justic suos apud Westm post Pascb predem, & p ipo duo Rege, si ptes, que amiserut, ad ipm diium Rege revenire vo- luerint, tale bebunt remed de gra dni Reg sicut supius est concessum. Concessit Sc ide dns Rex, ad pcand misis & expens populi de regno suo, qd ptita de quo War de ceto ptitent' & tminent' in Itineribj Justic; & qd ptita adhuc [coram ipoÕ*] pendentia [de quo Wa.ranto "] [readjomentÕÓ] [in singut Com suis ,J] usq, adventu Justic in partibj illis, &c. [Et qd inPim post adjomacoem sic faftam remaneant sine die.'*]

This Title is from the Old Printed Copies.

* Vetus Codex,b.

\ 4 s 6 7 9 10 11 Interljnetj on the Roll : Fetus Codex inserts therr. all. n n Struck through with a Line : Fetus Codex omits them.

'* adjornentur Fetus Codex,

14 f In a Hand-writing different from the other part:

\ Fetus Codex inserts.

Statutum de Quo Warranto Novum.'

Ex MS. Cott. Claud. D. II. fo. 260.

l)UR ceo brief qest dit quo Waranto establist nre A Seign' le Roi le jo' de la Pentecost, lan de son fegne xviii% qe touz ceux qi cleiment avoir quite pos.session des f*unchises av'nt le temps le Roi Richard saunz intrupcion, & ceo puissent monstrer p bone enqueste bien se joient de cele possession ; Et si celle possession soit demaunde p raison, nre Seign' le Roi le conferiria p title. Et ceux qi ount veuz chartres des fraunchises srount les chartres ajuggez selonc la tenure & la fourme de mesmes celes chres. Et ceux qi ount pdu lour Punchises puis le Pasq, darrein & p lavantdit brief, en la fourme avant use en plee del avÕntdit brief, eient restitucion de lo1 fraunchises pduz; & derechief pledent selonc la nat'e de la psente constitucion.

The Statute oe Quo Warranto.

FORASMUCH as Writs of Quo Warranto, and also Judgements given upon Pleas of the same, were greatly delayed, because the Justices in giving Judgement [were not1 ] certified of the KingÕs Pleasure therein ; Our Lord the King, at his Parliament holden at Westminster, after the Feast of Easter, the eighteenth Year of his Reign, of his special Grace, and for the Affeftion that he beareth unto his Prelates, Earls, and Barons, and other of his Realm, hath granted, That all under his Allegiance, whatsoever they be, as well Spi.ritual as other, which can verify by good Enquest of the Country, or otherwise, that they and their Ancestors or Predecessors have used any manner of Liberties, whereof they were impleaded by the said Writs, before the time of King Richard our Cousin, or in all his time, and have continued hitherto (*) so that they have not misused such Liberties, that the Parties shall be ad.journed further unto a certain day reasonable before the same Justices, within the which they may go to our Lord the King with the Record of the Justices, signed with their Seal, and also return; and our Lord the King, by his Letters [Patents] shall confirm their Estate. And they that cannot prove the Seisin of their Ancestors or Predecessors in such manner as is before declared, shall be ordered and judged after the Law and Custom of the Realm; and such as have the KingÕs Charter shall be judged according to their Charters (3). Moreover, the King of his special Grace hath granted, that all Judgements that [are to be *] given in Pleas of Quo Warranto, by his Justices at Westminster, after the foresaid Easter, for our Lord the King himself, if the Parties grieved will come again before the King, he of his grace shall give them such remedy as before is mentioned. Also our said Lord the King hath granted, for sparing of the Costs and Expences of the People of his Realm, that Pleas of Quo Warranto from henceforth shall be pleaded and determined in the Circuit of the Justices; and that all Pleas (5) now depending (Ò) shall be adjourned into their own Shires, until the coming of the Justices into those Parts: (7)

1 have not hitherto been ¥ * 'without Interruption, and

! and the full effeS of the tame 4 have been

Õ of Q no !Varranto 6 before him

1 and that in the meanwhile after Adjournment to made they shall

remain without day.

Another New Statute of Quo Warranto.

CONCERNING the Writ that is called Quo War.ranto, our Lord the King, at the Feast of Pentecost, in the eighteenth year of his Reign, hath established, that all those which claim to have quiet possession of any Franchise before the time of King Richard, without Interruption, and can shew the same by a lawful En.quest, shall well enjoy their possession ; and in case that such Possession be demanded for cause reasonable, our Lord the King shall confirm it by Title. And those that have old Charters of Franchise, shall have the same Charters adjudged according to the tenor and form of them. And those that have lost their Liberties sith Easter last passed, by the foresaid Writ, according to the course of pleading in the same Writ heretofore used, shall have restitution of their Franchise lost, and from henceforth they shall [have1] according to the nature of this present Constitution.

How Writ* of Quo Wa:rjnto ought to bÛ determined and pleaded in future.

Liberties by

Prescription.

Liberties by Charter, icc.

Pleas of Quo Warranto shall be determined in the Circuit.

Liberties by Prescription or the King's Grant.

Ecclesiastical Judges may proceed; not.withstanding the KingÕs Prohibition; if there be no Remedy at Law.

Slot. IVestml. chap. 40.

The Statute of the Writ of Consultation.'

WHEREAS Ecclesiastical Judges have often sur.ceased to proceed in Causes moved before them, by force of the KingÕs Writ of Prohibition, in Cases whereas Remedy could not be given to Complainants in the KingÕs Court, by any Writ out of the Chancery, [because thatÕ] such Plaintiffs were deferred of their right and remedy in both Courts, as well [Temporal3] as Spiritual, to their great damage, like as the King hath been advertised by the grievous Complaint of his Sub- jedts: Our Lord the King willeth and commandeth, that where Ecclesiastical Judges do surcease in the aforesaid Cases, by the KingÕs Prohibition directed unto them, that the Chancellor, or the Chief Justice of our Lord the King for the time being, upon sight of the Libel of the same matter, at the instance of the Plaintiff, if they can see that the Case cannot be redressed by any Writ out of the Chancery, but that the Spiritual Court ought to determine the Matters, shall write to the Ecclesiastical Judges, before whom the Cause was first moved, that they proceed therein, notwithstanding the KingÕs Prohibition direfted to them before.

1 The Printed Translation attribute thii Aft to the Twenty-fourth Year of King Edward I.

* whereby 1 the King's

Statutum de Consultations.1 Ex Rot. de Placit. ad Pari. 18 Edw.I. m. 6,d.'

CUM Judices eccastici ad pcedend in causis coram ipis agitatis p phibonem dni Reg sepius supse- deant in casibj ubi remedium conquerentibj ad Cur dni Reg per bre de Cancellar sua fieri no possit, pp? quod querentes illi in utraq, Cur tam regia qÔ eefas- tica jure suo & remedio sut elongati ad g*ve dampnO iporum put dns Rex ex gravi querela quondam intel- lexit: Dns Rex vult & p>dpit qd cum Judices eccastici p phitSoem regiam sibi porreChm, supsedeant in casib} predcis, qd Cancellar vel Capit Justitf ipius dni Reg, qui p tempe fSit viso libello illius cause ad instanciam querentis, si viderint qd p bfe de Cancellar querenti remediu in suo casu fieri no possit, set qd ad Cur eefas- ticam ptineat causam illam detWnare, scribat Judiciby, coram quibj causa ilia prius fuit agitata, qd in causa ilia pcedant, no obstante phibone regia p'us inde sibi [porre&a, &c.3]

1 This Title is from the Old Printed Copies : in which this AS is attributed to the Fourteenth year of K. Edward I.

* Fetus Codex, Jo. 13. b. 3 directa. Fetus Codex.

Anno 20¡ EDWARDI. I. A.D.1291-2.

8>Õ i&resenti&y bocatts ah tllarantu.*

Of Persons vouched to Warranty who are Present.

WHEREAS the Tenant impleaded in a Plea of Land heretofore had vouched (') to Warranty, and thereupon the Demandant would aver, that neither he that is vouched, nor any of his Ancestors, since the time that the Ancestor of the Demandant was seised, was in possession of the said Lands, neither in Demean nor in Service, if the Party vouched were present, and would warantise the Land freely unto the Tenant, such Averment of the Demandant hath not been used to be admitted, unless the party vouched had been absent, and that by reason of a certain Statute of the KingÕs [lately] made amongst other Statutes of West. 1; Wherefore our Lord the King, considering the Fraud, Deceit, and Malice, and also his own Damage, and Disherison of his Crown, that in the said case [hath many times happened in this Court, and daily doth, whereas '] some holding of the King in chief by a whole Barony, in a Plea hanging before the Justices of the Bench, [upon their demand do vouch3] particularly, [base persons'] unknown and Strangers [which they will bring forth,3] and of whom neither they nor their Ancestors had ever any thing in the Lands that they warranted, nor in any other Lands or Tenements within this Realm, neither in Demean nor in Service, as hath been testified by divers of the KingÕs faithful Sub.jects ; so that by such Cautel, Fraud, and Malice, the same Tenants holding by an entire barony, [do6] de.fraud the King of the Amerciament that they should incur, if the Demandant should recover against them :

' one

* may often happen in his Court, and hath at this day come to pass, inasmuch as

3 upon the Demand of the Demandant vouched to Warranty 4 knaves

4 whom they produced present, 4 might

Ex Rot. de Pari. 20 Edw. I. m. 4.

CUM tenes in ptito terre tempibj retroaftis vocavit alique ad War & petes sup hoc verificare volSit qd nec vocat9 nec aliquis antecessop suo£ a tempe seisine antecessoris ipius petentis fSit in seis* de ten pdcis, nec in dnico nec in servico, si ille vocat9 ad Warant p'sens fS*it & gratis tenenti warantizare volSit, pdea verificaco petentis admiÕti no consuevit, nisi vo.cat9 ad War absens f$it, & hoc rone cuj9dam statuti dni Regis nfic, editi in? ce?a p'ma statuta sua Westm; pp? quod Dns Rex animadv'tes fraudem, decepcoem & maliciam & eciarn dampnu suu & exheredacoem Corone sue in casu pdeo in Cur sua tnultocies posse in?venire, & isto die interveSit, cum quidam tenentes de ipo diio Rege in capite & p baroniam integrant in quodam plito pendenti coram Justic de Banco nuc, vocavnt ad War de demanda petentis pticulari? quos- dam garcoes ignotos & extraneos quos presentes duxunt, & quop antecessores aut ipi nuq*m in ten que wa- rantizavÕnt aliquid habiint, aut in aliquibj terris aut teii aliis in regno isto neque in dnico neq, in €viC6, put a diesis dni Reg fideliby testabat', ut p cautelam, fraudem, & maliciam illam ipi p baronia tenentes auferre possent duo Regi iniam suam in quam inci- derent si petes vers9 eosdem demand suam recuparet:

* This Title is in the Margin of the Roll, and of the Fetus Codex, Jo. 32, b. The Printed Copies and Translations entitle this

Ô Statut de vocal ad WarÑThe Statute of Vouchers.Õ


Q4 Judices eccastici pcedat no obstante phibicoe f.

20¡ Edw. I. Stat. de Foe. ad War.

A.a 1291-2-

u

S!

mti!

Si

ÔÒat

SH

*ÈÈ

Cifsj

i]*i

D*

'Ci;

Et simili? ill! garc&es Waranti vidett [quilibt'] de porcbe quam warantizavit se defender p corpus €vientis pvisi & condu&i p ipos p baron tenentes, it sic sup imo bn una demanda uni us petentis jam sunt duo bella vd tria vadiata, quod duru est, & exemplum pni- ciosum tempe futuro p paupiby petentibj vers9 mag- nates & divites qui se p maliciam pdcam defendere vol&it. nec cont* pdcos Warantos petes quando vocati fSnt verificadiem suam in forma pdca habere potuit eo qd ipi vocati psentes fSint & gratis warantiza- v^nt, de cofiii consilio statuit & firmi? decePo vidett de festo sfi Hillar anno regni sui vicesimo precepit observari; qd cum tenes alique voca^it ad War & petes in forma Pdca verificare volffit, admittat' ejus verificacio, sive vocat9 absens fSit vel psens, nullo hito resp£u ad ejus psenciam vel absenciam.

1 Interlined on the Roll: Fetus Codex iuiertt.

And likewise, when such base persons have warranted, that is to wit, every one for his portion that he ought to warrant, he may defend himself by the body of his Servant procured and hired by them that bold Baro.nies, and so upon one Writ and one Demand (') there [wereÕ3 two or three Wagers of Battail, the which [was1] a hard and perilous example for poor men in time coming, that shall be Demandants against great and rich men, which will defend themselves by the malice aforesaid; and the Demandant cannot have his Averment against such Warrantors, when they be vouched in form aforesaid, because they be present, and will warrantise freely; By his Common Council hath ordained, and from henceforth, that is to say, from the Feast of St. Hilary, the twentieth year of his Reign, he hath commanded to be observed, that when the Tenant doth vouch any to warranty, and the Demandant will aver in Form before rehearsed, his Averment shall be admitted, whether the Party vouched be absent or present, without any respeft had unto his Absence or Presence.

* of one Demandant * art * it

*Gk

Qi heredes (leant iccoem p (Ire de vasto

iiapi it si is? (hi

itcr'il

itufi

,.È

us

U

is

!jS

as

sÕ-

i

f

'*

s

t

Statutum db Vasto.Õ

Ex Rot. de Pari. 20 Edw. /. m. 4.*

WILDS le Botiler, qui est infra etatem & in custod dni Reg, monstravit dno Regi, qd cum quidam Gawayn le Botiler frater suus, cujus heres fco tempe Jpe est, nup implitasset WalPm de Hopton, p bre dni !U0^' Reg, de vasto & destruccoe feis p ipm Waltm in quibusdam terris & ten, que idem Wal?us tenuit ad terminu vite [sue,3] de hereditate pd£fi Gawani, in Wemme & in Tirlegh ; & idem Gawin9 anteq4 judi- ciu assecut9 fffit, obiisset, & post cujus morte pfatus Witts p cosimile breve PdEfm WalPm de pdcis vasto & destruccbe ftfis p multu tempus impfitaPit; idem WalPus coram Gilbto de Thornton & so£f suis ad plita ejusdem dni Reg [tenend4] assignatis venit & dixit, qd non debuit ipi Witto responde de vasto aut destruc- cbe ffis tempe alieno & anteq*m jus hereditatis pdee ei descenderat, & sup hoc [petiit3] judm: Et quia quida Justic in reddicbe pdei judicii no concordarut; p eo [qd qd4] quibusdam videbat' qd no esset juri cosonu, si p bre pdem quod est quoddam bre de t*nsgres- sione, 8te psone fSa, alta psona comod aut emendas exequeret', q*m eade psona cui & in cujus tempe t*nsgressio fda fuit; aliis autem Justic & majori pte tocius cosilii dni Reg in cont*ria opione existentibj, & p racbes div'sas asserentiby, [qd7] pdcus Witts audiri debet & inde responderi, & £ alii quicuq., in caiby cosimiliby ; vel t*ngressiones cosimiles in casu cosimili semp remanlent no emendate & t'nsgressores impuniti, qd esset [duru &'] incovenies [p her quibj talis transgressio fda fSitÕ]: Propt quod postea dns Rex, hito tradtatu diligenti in pleno parliamento suo in Crastino Pur be Mar anno regni sui vicesimo, de conii consilio suo statuit, & extunc firmiV p>cepit observari, qd heredes, in cuj^cunq, custod fuint, [& ,0] tarn plene etatis q* infra etatem existentes, fieant suu recupare p bre de vasto in casu p*dco, & aliis tlbi bre illud

* Thiš Title is from the Old Printed Copies. * Fetus Codex* fo 33.

> Interlined on the Roll; Fetus Codex inserts.

* . s

7 8 0 10

4 qd Fetus Codex.

A Statute or Waste.

WILLIAM BUTLER, which is within Age, and in Ward of our Lord the King, hath shewed unto his Highness, that where Gawin Butler his Bro.ther whose Heir he is, had (') impleaded one Walter de Hapeton by the KingÕs Writ, for Waste and Destruc.tion made by him the said Walter in certain his Lands and Tenements, which the same Walter held for Term of his Life, of the Inheritance of the aforesaid Gawin in Wimme and Thirke; and the foresaid Gawin, before he had obtained Judgement, died; after whose death the foresaid William by like Writ impleaded the loresaid Walter for the Waste and Destru&ion made by him of long time; the same Walter, before Gilbert Thornton and his companions assigned to hear the KingÕs Pleas, came in, and said, that he ought not to answer to the same William for the Waste and Destruftion made in the rime of another, before the Right of the said Inheritance descended unto him, and thereupon de.manded Judgement: And Forasmuch as certain Justices did not agree in giving of the said Judgement, because it seemed to some that it should not be agreeable to the Law, that any Person should obtain advantage and recompense by the foresaid Writ, which is a Writ of Trespass done to a Person certain, but only the same Person to whom and in whose time the Trespass was done; other Justices, with the more part of the KingÕs Council, were in the contrary opinion, alledging by divers reasons, that the said William ought to be heard and answered unto, and all other whatsoever they be, in like cases, [or in like Trespasses j And because like matters have remained not amended, and Trespasses unpunished, which was inconvenientÕ]: Wherefore our Lord the King (>) in his full Parliament holden the day after the Feast of the Purification, in the Twentieth year of his Reign, [by a general Council4] hath ordained, and from henceforth hath commanded to be straitly observed, That every Heir, in whose Ward soever he be, and as well within Age as of lull Age, shall have his Recovery by a Writ of Waste in the foresaid case, and also in other where the same Writ

' lately

* or else file Trcipattee in the lilt cate nvould always remain unamended, and Trespassers unpunished; which would hr hard and inconvenient for those Heirs to whom such Trespass should he done .- 1 afterwards, having diligent consideration * by his common Council

Demandant

may counter.plead a Warranty, in Pretence or Abaence of Vouchee.

Hein may have an

Adion by Writ of Watte done in the time of their Ancestor!.

110

20¡ Edw. I. Stat. de Vasto.

^¥D.1291-2

[ought to hold place; and it shall hold place,1 * ] as well for Waste and Destruction made in Lands and Tene.ments of his own Inheritance, and as well in the times of his Ancestors, as at any other time that the Fee and Inheritance descended unto him, and shall be answered unto therefore; and that he shall recover the Tene.ments wasted, and Damages, as it is ordained in the [Second Statute Õ] of Westminster, of Damages to be recovered in a Writ of Waste, if the Tenant be convift of Waste. And It is commanded by the King himself unto the same Gilbert Thornton and his Companions, that they do proceed in the foresaid matter, and in otherlike from henceforth; and Judgement shall be given according as the matter is found. And likewise It is commanded unto the Justices (J) that they shall cause all the foresaid things to be straitly observed before them from henceforth.

' holdcth place, * tail Statutes

1 of the Bench, in full Parliament,

locu her, tom de vasto & destruccbe fSs in tetris k ten de hereditote sua, taro tempibs antecessors suo^ qÔ a tempe quo jus & feodum hereditatis ei des- cenderut & inde respondeant', & qd recupent ten vas- tata & dampna, put statuit' in ultimis statutis Westni de dampnis recupand p fere de vasto, si tenes de vasto covincat'. Et p>ceptu est p ipm Rege p>dHs G. de Thornton & so? suis qd in loquela p>d?a & in con- similibs de cePo pcedant, & sfdm [qd1 ] inveniri cotigit judiciu reddant. Et simili? pceptii est Justi? [de Banco in pleno pliafHto,*] qd hoc idem coram eis de cePo faciant firmiP observari. &c.

* 1 Interlined on the Roll: Vetui Coden inserts.

Of those who come in collaterally before Judgement.

See IPestm. a. cb.i.

Persons received to defend under the Statute, shall give becurity.

The Statute of defending Right.

WHERE One by the KingÕs Writ doth demand any Tenements against Tenant by the Courtesie, in Tail, in Dower, or (') for Term of Life, or of Years, and the Demandant sueth so far that the Lands be in manner [recovered,1] whereupon another, [not Party to the Suit cometh in3] before Judgement given, and saith, That he hath Fee and Right in those Lands, and prayeth the Court, that in as much as he is come before Judgement, ready to defend his Tenement, and to make answer unto the Demandant, that he may be admitted thereunto by force of a Statute made by the King that now is, amongst other the last Statutes made at Westminster; by which Statute as well such as had no Right, as they which had Right, oftentimes in the case before mentioned, falsely, and in Deceit of the Court did come in, and pray to be received to make Answer, that by their Admission they might prolong the Demandant from the Judgement and Seisin of his Land, and to cause those Demandants to plead of new ; and so the Demand.ants are [greatly4 *] deferred in the case aforesaid to recover their Right in the KingÕs Court, by reason of such Malice, [as well by mistaking of the said Statute, as J] for any other cause just and reasonable ; and this is used and found often before our Justices : Wherefore our Lord the King, for to withstand all such Malice in the aforesaid case, and intending to provide a Remedy therein, in his full Parliament, and by his Common Council, hath ordained, and from henceforth commanded straitly to be observed, that is to wit, from the Monday next after the Feast of the Purification of the Virgin, the Twentieth year of his Reign, that when any before Judgement in the foresaid case cometh in by a collateral Title, and desireth to be received, before his Receipt he shall find sufficient Surety, as the Court will award, to satisfie the Demandant of the value of the Lands so to be recovered, from the day that he is received to make answer until the time that final Judgement be given upon the Petition of [the Demandant. And if6] the Demandant recover his Demand, [the Defendor7] shall be grievously amerced, if he have whereof; and if he have not, he shall be imprisoned at the KingÕs Pleasure. And if he can prove his Right to be as good as he affirmed at such time as he was received, he shall go quit.

1 in other manner

a to be lost, and adjudged to him

1 cometh in on the side 4 more often

' founded on pretence of the "aid Statute, than

0 the Demandant, if ' and he

Statutum de defensionb Juris.'

Ex Rot. de Pari. 10 Edw. I. m. 3. d.'

CUM quis p fere dni Regis petat aliqua ten versus DÕiUisq1 tenente p legem Angl, p feodu tailiatu, noie dotis tuprcSint vl alio modo ad Pminu vite vt annop, & petens tantum Jntciuini- fSit ps qd tenemta sit quasi amittenda & sibi adjudi- canda, & sup hoc veffit ante judm redditum aliquis a la?e dicens se fere feodu & jus in ten illis & Cur supplicant qd ex quo ante judm veSit tenements suu defensur & patus inde petenti responsur, qd ad hoc admittatur rone cujusdam statuti dni Regis nuc in? cePa ultima statuta Westfn edid, p quod statutu tarn nullu jus habentes q* illi qui jus feSunt, multociens in cau predco fto & in decepcom Cur superveSut & pederunt se admitd responsuri, ut p admissionem suam possent petentes elongare de judo & seia demande sue fendis, & ad faciend eosdm petentes de novo pti- tare, & sic petentes in Cur Regis in cau p>dco sepius elongant' jure suo, p malicia supradcam de statuto p>dco supervenient? qÔ ex justa causa aut rac&nabili put coram Jus tic mttociens condgit & invenit': pp? quod Dils Rex ad maliciam pdcam in cau p*dco de- struend, remediu volens appoSe, in pleno pliameto suo, & de conii consilio suo statuit & firmiP de cePo, videlt a die Lune pxia post Pur fee Virgis anno regni sui xx¡. pcepit observari, qd cum aliq's a late ante judm in cau p*dco supveniit & pederit se ad.mitd, anteq4 admittat' inveiat sufficientem sec'itatem put Cur visum fSit ad respondend petenti de valore ten sic amittendi, a die quo recipitÕ responsur usq, diem quo judm finale fiet sup peticone petenf si ille petens demandam suam recupet, Et graviter ai8cietr si feeat unde, Et si non heat comittat' gayole ad voluntatem JL Et si verificare potit jus suu esse tale, quale illud asseruit qn petiit ipm admitd eat quietus. 8tc.

1 This Title is from the Old Piinted Copies.

5 Ictus Codex, ft. 32,1.


S

'¥k

.*È*

**

Hi

È*

6È

ak

D' Sri de

inq'iiSne

conccdcnda

de Žri* ad

manu

moitui

poncnd.

tisÈ:

nil.

È*'

iiijii

iiCi

nil

lib

if

asii

Diina

nil

È.

te

ra*

sea

raa

0

it*

fe

m

lit

iÈ

S3

1

i

i

r

D' Inqui-

liconib; no allocand de Prii pooed id mortua manu.

Ex Rot. de Pari, ao Edw.I. m. 3. d.'

DÈ Religiosis Pras aut tenefhta decePo de feodis suis aut aliop pquirere volentibj, p quod Pre aut ten ilia ad manu mortuam deveiant, cont* formam statuti dni Regis nup sup hoc editi; p ij5m dnm Regem & consiliu suu, in pleno pliarhto 6U0 prisum est & concordatum, qd decePo, videlt de die Lune Pico, non concedat' alicui bre dni Regis in Cancellar de Inquisic&ne facienda, si sit ad dampnu dni Regis vt alio^, si ipe dare possit & assignare aliquibj reli.giosis, aut aliis, Pras aut tenemeta aliqua jux* formam fens in Cancellar [usitate *] in cau pdco, p quod Pre aut ten ilia in manu mortua deveniant, nisi p petic&nes in pleno pliameto porre&as: Et Ita qd si Religiosi illi, aut alii quibj Pre aut ten ilia sic f8int concedenda, lint ita paupes & exiles qd de suo ppÔo vive non poPint, Dns Rex sup hoc hito consilio faciet de gra sua quod sibi placSit: &c.

< Fetus Codex, fi. 32, i. ' usitati Fetus Codex.

Ex eodem Rot. m.

D* concessione dni Regis faciend sup InquisicSnibj refnatis in Cancellar de terris ad mortua manu ponend, Rex Pcepit qd nichil fiat, ubi medii sunt, nisi religiosi ostendant eo£ assensu dno Regi p lit Pas pa- tentes eojdem mediop sigitt signatas. Et eciam qd nicfe fiat ubi donator penes se nichil retinet; Et simitr ubi Inquisic&nes fife sunt & retomate sine Waro, videlt, bn originali ret'nato cum inquisic&ne. Et simitr nisi bre originale mencom faciat de singtis articulis, sJfdm novam formam, p ipm Regem adjeftis. &c.

* Fetus Codex, fo. 36. sub stn. ao Fdtu. /.ÑIn the Old Printed Copiet this it given as of the 34th Year of King Edward I. with the Title Ô De terns & tenÕ non amortiaandis. Õ

Statut* of Writs for making Inquisitions of Lands to be put in Mortmain.

CONCERNING Men of Religion whu may hereafter deaire to purchase Lands or Tenements of their own Feea or others, whereby those Lands or Tenements should fall into Mortmain, against the Form of the Statute of our Lord the King thereupon of late ena&ed 1 It is Provided and accorded by our said Lord the King and his Council, in his full Parlia.ment, that from henceforth, that is to say, from the Monday aforesaid }¥

The Writ of our Lord the King in the Chancery to make Inquisition, whether it be to the I06S of our Lord the King, or of others, if he give or assign to any Religious Men or others, any Lands or Tenement* according to the Form of the Writ used in the Chan.cery, shall not be granted to any Man, in case where those Lands or Tenements are to come to Mortmain, but by Petitions put up in the full Parliament: And so that if those Religious Men, or other to whom such Lands or Tenements are to be granted, be so needy and poor that they cannot live of their own, Our Lord the King hereupon, after due advice had, shall do as shall please his Grace.

Of the

granting the Writ of Inquiry concerning Lands to be put in Mortmain.

* See she

Statute

immediately

preceding.

A Statute or amortisino Lands.

TOUCHING the KingÕs Grant to be made upon Inquests returned into the Chancery for Lands to be aliened into Mortmain, the King commandeth that nothing shall be done, where there be any Lords mean, except the Religious Persons can shew to our Lord the King, their Assent under their Patents, sealed with their Seals. And that nothing shall pass in case where the Donor reserveth nothing to himself; and likewise where Inquisitions be made and returned without Warrant, that is to wit, the Writ original returned with the Inquest; and likewise unless the Writ original make mention of [every thing, according to the new Ordinance devised by the King.'J

1 the several particulars adiled by the King himself according to the nevs Form, (de.

In wlut Cue, Inquests, for Lands to be amortised, shall not be allowed.

Anno21¡ EDWARDI, I. A.D.1293.

DÕ malefco- ribj in pcis foresf &

[Warenn.i]

Statutum de Malefactoribus in Parcis.'

Ex Rot. dePtacit. ad Pari, post Patch. ixE.l. m. 4. d.'

UT malefa&ores in forestis, Chaceis, Parcis, & Wa- rennis de ce?o plus timeant in eisdem intÔre & maleface qÔ consuePut, Dns Rex ad Pliamentum suu post Pascfe anno r sui vicesimo p'mo, ad instanciam magnatum regni sui concessit & firmi? extunc pcepit obsvari, qd si quis forestar, pcarius, aut Warennar in battia sua malefCores aliquos inven!it in batiia sua vagantes, ad dampnum ibidem faciend, & qui se fo.restar, pcariis, aut Warennar illis, post clamorem & utesium levatum ad pacem Regis ad stand re&o, redde noluint, Immo maliciam suam psequendo & con- (inuando, & pacem Regis diffugiendo fugam fe?int & vi & armis se defending Licet forestarii, pcarii, aut

The Statute of Trespassers in Parks.

TO the Intent that Trespassers in Forests, Chases, Concerning Parks, and Warrens, may more warily fear here- Trespasser after to enter and trespass in the same, than they have *" ?È*È, heretofore, Our Lord the King, at his Parliament after *n<*

Easter, the twenty.first year of his Reign, at the instance of the Nobles of his Realm, hath granted and com.manded to be from henceforth firmly observed ; That if any Forester, Parker, or Warrener shall find any Trespassers wandering within his Libeny, intending to do Damage therein, and that will not yield themselves to the Foresters, Warreners, or Parkers, after Hue and Cry made to stand unto the Peace, but do continue their malice, and disobeying the KingÕs Peace, do flee, or defend themselves with Force and Arms; although luch Foresters, Parkers, and Warreners, or any other

[coming in their Company, and aiding such Foresters, Parkers, and Warreners in the KingÕs Peace, do kill any Offender or Offenders being so found, either in arresting or taking them, or any of them,'] they shall not be trou.bled upon the same before the King [and his Justices, or before any other the KingÕs Bailiffs, or any other Õ] within any Franchise or without, nor shall leese for so doing either Life or Limb, or suffer any other Punish.ment, but shall enjoy the KingÕs Peace as they did before. Notwithstanding, let all such Foresters, Parkers, War.reners, and all other beware, that by reason of any [Malice,3] Discord, Debate, or other evil Will (4) had before time, they do not maliciously pretend against any Person passing through their Liberties, that they came thither for to trespass or misdo, when of truth they did nothing, nor were not found [as Trespassers5] and so kill them ; for if they do, and be convift thereupon, [the death of such Persons shall be inquired, and Ex.ecution shall be done, in like manner as is done for6] other of the KingÕs Subje&s standing in his Peace, and like as it ought to be done of Right, and according to the Law and Custom of the Realm.

' being in the KingÕ/ Peace, and coming in the company of each Forester/, Parkers, or kFarreners, to arrest or take sucb Trespassers so found, do kill any one or more of such Trespasser/,

' or any of bis Justices, or before other Bailiffs of our Lord the King, or of any other whomsoever

3 Contention * or Hatred

1 wandering to do Mischief, nor doing Mischief, nor seeking an occasion of doing Mischief,

6 the like proceeding shall be had for the death of such so killed, as of

Warennar illi, seu alii q'cumq, ad pacem dni Reg existentes & in comitiva forestar, pear, aut Warennar illojj venientes, ad tales malefaftores sic inventos ares- tandos seu capiendos, aliq'm seu aliquos hujusmodi malefaflop inffe&nt; non pp? hoc occSnentur coram dno Rege, Jusdf suis quibjcumqs aut aliis Battis dni Reg seu alio£ quo^cumq, inf* lifetatem aut ext*, nec pp? hoc amittant vitam aut menbrum, aut aliam penam subeant, Immo firm am pacem dni Reg inde heam Set bene caveant forestarii, pcarii, Warennar & alii quicumq, ne occ&ne contenc&is, discordie, contumelie, aut alicujus malivolencie, seu odii pÕhabitop, aliquibj p battias suas t*nseuntib3 malif&se inponant, qd causa malefaciendi in battis suis int*nt, cum hoc non fe&nt, nec ipos vagantes ut malefaciant nec malefacientes in- veSint, nec causam malefaciendi querentes, & sic eos occidant; qd si fectait, & de hoc fSint convi&i, fiat de morte sic in?ffop put aliop ad pacem dhi Reg existencium, & put de jure & sedm consuetudiem regni fuerit faciend. &c.

Statute of The Justices of Assise.

Concerning

Justices

assigned.

Slat. Westm.t. igE.I.c. 30.

Four Circuits appointed for the taking of Assises, See. throughout the year.

UREAS Our Lord the King did of late in his last Statutes of Westminster dire£f, that in every County certain Justices and no others should be assigned, to take the Assises, Juries, and Certificates in those Counties, at certain seasons : And because as well the Justices of either Bench, as the Justices in Eyre, when they were not upon the Circuit, who had been assigned to do the said office within limited times, being often hindered as well by reason of their office, as by the commands of our Lord the King to them dire&ed, could not come at the Days and Places which they had ap.pointed } by reason whereof through their absence many were put off from their Right, and Trespasses remained un.punished : Our Lord the King being willing as far as

he is able, that every one of his Silbje&s should have speedy Justice upon wrong done unto him, doth command, that

From henceforth there shall be assigned eight cir.cumspect and discreet Justices, to take Assises, Juries, and Certificates through the whole Realm, that is to say ; Two in the Counties of York, Northumberland, Westmorland, Cumberland, Lancaster, Nottingham, and Derby. And Two in the Counties of Lincoln, Lei.cester, Warwick, Stafford, Salop, Northampton, Rut.land, Gloucester, Hereford, and Wigom. And Two in the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, Dorset, Wilts, Southampton, Oxoii, Berks, Sussex, and Surrey. And Two in the Counties of Kent, Essex, [Suffolk, Norfolk,'] Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, and Buck.ingham. And the Assises, Juries, and Inquests of the County of Middlesex shall be taken before the Justices of the Bench. Which said eight Justices assigned to take the Assises [and Certificates aforesaid,1] shall espe.cially attend and [daily3] through the whole year, that is to say (4) in the places where they think best and most for the ease of the People: And the Term of the Statute last made at Westminster, of taking of Assises, in no wise shall be observed. Nor no Writs of As.sises, Juries, or Recognisances shall be granted to be taken before any other Justices than before the aforesaid Justices assigned, except it be of the special Grace of the King, &c.

Ô Hertford, Norfolk, Suffolk, Ô Juriet and Certificates

3 diligently 4 at the days and

Statutum de Justiciariis Assignatis.1 Ex Rot. de Placit. ad Pari, post Patch. 21 E.I. m. 3. d.'

CUM Dns Rex nup in ultimis statutis suis Westra pcepisset, qd in singtis Comitatibj €ti Jusdf as- sig*rentr ad assil, Jur, & Sdficac&es capiend in Com illis, &tis tempib}, & non alii: ac p eo qd tam Jus* tif de utroqs Banco, qÔ Jusdf ItiSantes, [cu in ItiSibj non fSint,3] qui ad p'missa facienda assig*ti fSunt tempib3 limitatis, multociens impediti, tam rone officii sui, q* ptaeptop dni Reg s' dir'top, venire non potunt ad dies et loca p ipos assign: pp? quod p eop ab- senciam multi jure suo fSunt elongati, & injurie re- manserut inpunite; Dns Rex, in q*ntum porit, vote qd unicuiq, de Regno suo de injuria s' fafta, celeris fiat justicia, (Pcipit, qd deceto assignentur o&o Jusdc circumspefti et disc'd, ad assi's, Jur, & c?dficac&es ca.piend p totum Regnu Angt; Duo vidlt in Com Eboji, Northumbr, Wesnit, Cumbr, Lane, Notingft, & Derb. Et duo, in Com Lyncoln, Leyf, War?, Staff, Salop, North, Rotet, Glouf, Herf, [& Wugoriii.4] Et duo, in Com Comub, Devon, SoiSs, Dors, Wilt, Sutht, Oxoii, Berk, Sussex, & Surr. Et duo, in Com Kanf, Essex, Hertf, Norff, Suff, Cantebr, Hundngd, Bed, & Buk. Et assie Jurate & recogn de Com Midd capiant' coram Just if de Banco. Qui quidem ofto Just if ut p*dffm est assigÕd, ad assi*s, Jur, et ctaficacfres capiend, spalif [intendant3] & assidue p totum annum, dieb3 & locis quib3 melius & plus ad comodu popti vidint esse faciend, finis statuds in p*dco ultio statuto Westm ad as*s capiend nullatenus ob^vads. Nec concedant' aliq* bria de assis, Jur, vt recogn alicui, coram aliis Jusrif q* coram pfatis Jusdf assignatis, nisi de spali gra dni Reg. &c.

1 ThiÈ Title is from the Old Printed Copies. * Vetus Codex, fo 47. 3 Interlined on the Roll s Fetus Codex inserts.

4 w ygorn. Fetus Codex. 3 attendant Fetus Codes.

D' Jusdc assignatis.


Statutu &e tllte qÕ Debent pont tn ? £sste\*

The Statute of Persons to be put in Assises and Juries.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 41.

QUIA Diis Rex, p publicam & freqntem querimo- niam mediocris popli sui, attendes qd q'mplures de regno suo, minus sufficietes ad recognicones Ju- rata^ inquisic&nu, assisaj, & attin&ajs, ex' Comitatus pp'os faciend, p vicecomites, baitios suos, & ballivos libtatum, dicioribus & magis sufficientibj p quos rei Peitas melius sciri posset parcentes, sepius & intolera- bili? farigantur, per quod multa dispendia & inco- moda, quoad depaupacom popli pdci & exheredac&m rnulto^ similir de die in diem iniinent manifeste, Idem Diis Rex indempnitati ejusdem popli pspiciens, ac salubre remediu in phnissis desiderans adhiberi, ad cbem utilitatem, in Parliamento de Pmino S£fi Mictlis, anno regni sui vicesimo p'mo, incipiente [anno scdo,'] statuit in hac pte qd nullus vicecomes, subvice- comes, vel eoj> ballivi, senescalli, sive ballivi libtatum, decePo ponant in aliquib} recognicionibus sup'dcis, aliquem de ballivis suis, exÕ Comitatus suos pp'os fa- ciendis, nisi heat Pras aut ten ad valenciam Centu solidoj> p annu ad minus. Nec intendit Diis Rex, p statutu istud, [restringle,1] ultimu statutu Westm, in quo fit mencb de recognitorib} ponendis in Juratis & in assisis, nisi de hiis tatumodo qui ex* Coni ppriu ire debeat ad recognicones aliquas faciend; Ita tamen qd infra Com, coram Justiciar assignaiis vel aliis mini- stris Dni Reg, ad Juratas Inquisicones seu alias recog- nicones capiend, no ponatur aliquis nisi heat Pras vf ten ad valenciam quadragita solidop p annu ad minus; Et salvo simili? qd coram Justiciar Itin?antib;, ad coia plita in Itinlib} suis, & eciam in Civitatibj Burgis & aliis villis irtcatoriis, in quib} recognicones, assise, Jurate, seu inquisicones, etfiserint faciende, sup quibjcuq, Civitates, Burgos seu villas illas tangentib), fiat put temporib5 pfitis fieri consuevit. T. Jjtr apd Turrim London xiij. die Decetnbr anno regni sui vicesimo scdo.

Et mcmorand qd istud statutu de Pbo ad v'bum missum fuit in Hibii. T. If. apud Kenynton xiiij. die Augusti anno regni sui vicesimo septimo.

Et mand fuit Johi Wogan Justic Hibn qd pdcm statutu p totam Hibn, in locis quibj expedire viderit, legi & publicc pclamari ac firmi? teneri faciat. T. J2r. ut sup*.

FORASMUCH as Our Lord the King, by the con- Qualification tinual and grievous Complaint of his inferior People, doth perceive, that divers Persons being of least abi- lity of his Realm, are many times intolerably troubled Countiei 1 by Sheriffs and their Bailiffs, Bailiffs of Liberties, which impanel them to the Recognisances of Assises, Juries,

Inquests and Attaints, triable out of the Shires where they be dwelling; and do spare the Rich People, and such as be more able, by whom the truth of the mat.ter might be better known, whereby great expenccs and trouble doth daily manifestly ensue, to the impoverish.ment C) and utter disheriting of many; Our said Lord the King, providing for the indempnity of his People, and desiring to set convenient Remedy in the premises for the publick Weal of his Realm, in his Parliament holden in the Term of Saint Michael, the one and twentieth (*) year of his Reign, hath ordained in this behalf, That no Sheriff, Under-sheriff, or their Bailiffs,

Stewards, or Bailiffs of Liberties, shall from henceforth put in any Recognisance abovesaid, that shall pass out of their proper Counties, [any of their Bailiffs,1] except he have Lands and Tenements to the yearly value of an hundred shillings at the least. And the King intendeth not by this Statute to restrain the last Statute of West- SeelVeitm. a. minster, wherein mention isjnade of Recognisors to be ci- 3¡Õ 3>iÔ put in Juries and Assises, but of such only as [ought to pass in Assises, Juries, and Recognisances triable out of their proper Counties ;*] so that (s) within the County, Within their before J ustices of our Lord the King, or other Ministers Countiei. assigned to the taking of any such Inquests, Juries, or other Recognisances, none shall be impanelled, except he have Lands or Tenements to the yearly value of forty shillings (6); and likewise saving that before Justices A Saring, Errant, that hold Common Pleas in their Circuit, and Ò ,0 JuneÕ also in Cities, Boroughs, and other Market Towns, where j" cities* *" Recognizances, Assises, and Juries or Inquests do pass Borough*, upon any matter touching the said Cities, Boroughs, and &c. other Towns, it shall be done like as hath been accus.tomed in times passed. T. R. at the Tower of London, the xiij. day of December, in the xxij. year of his Reign.

1 of the afornaiJ people ' and beginning the tnvo and tzventielh,

1 any person in their Bailituicbs,

4 must go out of their proper Counties to male Recognisances ;

1 nevertheless 6 at least

And Be It Remembered, that this Statute word for word was sent into Ireland. Witness the King at Kenynton the fourteenth day of August, in the twenty-seventh year of Ills Reign.

And It was commanded unto John Wogan Justiciary of Ireland, that the said Statute through all Ireland, in those Places in which he may deem expedient, he should cause to be read, and publicly proclaimed, and firmly kept. Witness the King as above.

1 vicesimo scdo

* rescindere

* This Title is from the Margin of Rot.de Part, anno 21 Edw I. incipiente 21, m. 4. from whence the Various Readings in the Notes are taken j and wherewith agrees the Entry in the Vetus Codex in the Tower of London.

Anno 23¡ EDWARDI, I. A.D.I295.

Statutum de Frangentibus Pkisonam.1 Ex Rot.Placit. & Mcmorand. de Pari, it, Edw. I. m. i.d.

DE P'sonibj p'sonam f*ngentib} Dns Rex vult & pcipit, qd nullus de cePo qui p'sona freg?it, sbeat judiciu vite [& '] mebrop p fracc&e p'sone tm ; nl causa p qua capts & ip'sonatus fuit tale judm re- q'reret, si de ilia jux* legem & consuetudiem Pre fuisset convid9, licet tempibj pPitis atr fieri cosuev'.

1 vel Vetus Codex.

The Statute of Breaking Prisons.'

CONCERNING Prisoners which break Prison, our Concerning Lord the King willeth and commandeth, That none those wh<T from henceforth that breaketh Prison shall have Judge- break Prison, inent of Life or Member for breaking of Prison only ; except the cause for which he was taken and imprisoned did require such Judgement, if he had been convi& thereupon according to the Law and Custom of the Realm, albeit in times past it hath been used otherwise.

VoiÈ I.

G g


In dorso Rotuli.

L

Confirmation ¥f Liberties.

II. Reliefs;

Of Earls,

Barons,

Knights.

111.

Wardahip.

Infant made Knight.

IV.

Waate during Wardship.

Anno 25¡ ED WARD I, I. A.D.1297.

Spa ana Catta Be KbÕtatfbj angl', È Be MBÕtatfB? tfortste; coÕfitmata a fi. ÛBIbarBo; anno rÕ Bui BtteBtmo qÔnto. rrB10.*

The GREAT CHARTER of the LIBERTIES of ENGLAND, And of the LIBERTIES of the FOREST:

Confirmed by King Edward, in the Twenty-fifth Year of his Reign.

EDWARD by the Grace of God King of England, Lord of Ireland, and Duke of Guyan, [to all Archbishops, Bishops, See.'} We have seen the Great Charter of the Lord Henry sometimes King of England, our Father, of the Liberties of England in these words: Henry by the Grace of God King of England,Lord of Ireland, Duke of Normandy and Guyan, and Earl of Anjou, to all Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, Barons, Sheriffs, Provosts, Officers, and to all Bailiffs, and other our faithful Subjedls, which shall see this present Charter, Greeting: Know Ye, that We, unto the honour of Almighty God, and for the salvation of (*) the souls of our Progenitors and Successors [Kings of England,] to the advancement of Holy Church and amendment of our Realm, of our meer and free will, have given and granted to all Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, Barons, and to all [Freemen] of this our Realm, these Liberties following, to be kept in our Kingdom of England for ever.

FIRST, We have granted to God, and by this our present Charter have confirmed, for Us and our Heirs for ever, that the Church of England shall be free, and shall have all her whole Rights and Liberties inviolable. We have granted also, and given to all the Freemen of our Realm, for Us and our Heirs for ever, these Li.berties under-written, to have and to hold to them and their Heirs, of Us and our Heirs for ever.

IF any of our Earls or Barons, or any other, which hold of Us in chief by Knight's Service, die, and at the time of his death his Heir be of full age, and oweth [to us] Relief, he shall have his inheritance by the old Relief; that is to say, the Heir or Heirs of an Earl for a whole Earldom, by one hundred pound ; the Heir or Heirs of a Baron, for an whole Barony, by one hundred marks ; the Heir or Heirs of a Knight, for one whole KnightÕs Fee (J) one hundred shillings at the most; and he that hath less shall give less, according to the old Custom of the Fees.

BUT if the Heir of any such be within Age, his Lord shall not have the Ward of him, nor of his Land, before that he hath taken of him Homage; and after that such an Heir hath been in Ward, when he is come to full Age, that is to say, to the Age of one and twenty years, he shall have his Inheritance without Relief and without Fine: So that if such an Heir, being within Age, be made Knight, yet nevertheless his Land shall remain in the keeping of his Lord unto the term aforesaid.

THE Keeper of the Land of such an Heir, being within Age, shall not take of the Lands of the Heir, but reasonable Issues, reasonable Customs, and reasonable Services, and that without Destruction and Waste of his men and his goods. And if We commit the cus.tody of any such Land to the Sheriff, or to any other

* To All to \whom then prtsnt Litters shall corns, Gritting.

* our Soul and * Ij

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 40, 39, 38. (Õ)DWARDUS dei gra Rex Angt Dns Hibii & Dux Aquil: Omnibj ad quos p*sentes lit?e pve- Sint sattm. Inspeximus magnam cartam dni H. quon- dam Regis Angt pins nn de libertatibj Angt in hec verba. Henricus dei gra Rex Angt, Dns Hifen, Dux Normanu, Aquit, & Comes Andegav, Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibj, Prioribj, Comitibj, Baronibj, Vicecomitibj, Prepoitis, Ministris, & omibj Baths & fidelibj suis p>sentem cartam inspe&ur sattm. Sciatis qd nos in- tuitu dei, & p salute anime nre, & animaf antecessof & successor nrof, ad exaltacoem see ecctie, k emenda- c6em regni nri, spontanea & bona volutate nra, dedim9 & concessim9 Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibj, Prioribj, Co.mitibj, Baronibj, & omibj de regno nro, has libtates subscriptas, tenendas in regno nro Angt imppetuu.

In p'mis concessim9 deo, & hac psenti carta nra confirmavim9 p nob & hered nns imppetuu, qd ecciia Anglicana libera sit, & habeat omnia jura sua integra, & libtates suas illesas. Concessim9 eciam & dedim9 oihibj liberis hominibj regni nn, p nob & heredibj nns imppetuu, has libtates subscriptas, hendas & tenendas eis & hered suis, de nob & hered nns imppetuu.

Si quis Comitu vel Baronu nrof, sive aliof tenenciu de nob in capite, p 9viciu militare, mortuus fuerit, & cum decesserit, heres ej9 plene etatis fuerit, & releviu debeat, beat hereditatem suam p antiqu relevium scift heres vt heredes Comitis de Comitatu integro p centu libras; heres vt heredes Baronis, de Baronia integra, p centu marcas; heres vt heredes militis de feodo militis integro, p centu solidos ad plus, & qui min9 [habuerit,1] minus det, sedm antiquam consuetudine feodof.

Si autem heres alicuj9 taliu infra etatem fuerit, dns ejus non beat custodiam ejus, nec terre sue, anteq* ho- magiu ejus cepit; & postq'm tat heres fuerit in custodia cum ad etatem pvenerit, scitt viginti & unius anni, beat hereditatem suam, sine relevio, & sine fine: Ita tn, qd si ipe dum infra etatc fuerit fiat miles, nichilomin9 terra remaneat in custodia diiof suof usqs ad terminu p*dcm.

Custos terre hujusmodi heredis, qui infra etatem fuerit, non capiat de terra heredis, nisi racionabiles exit9 & ronabiles consuetudines & ronabilia €vicia, & hoc sine destruccone & vasto hoim & ref. Et si nos comiserim9 custodiam alicuj9 tat terre, vicecomiti, vt

Ô A Blank for the Letter E.

1 debilit L.

¥ This Indorsement is at the bottom of Membrane 38, of the Roll, being the last of the three Membranes on which are entered The Inspeximus and Confirmation of the Great Charter and of the Charter of the Forest, the Charter of Confirmation in French, and the KingÕs Pardon; in Older as they are printed from hence to the End of page 124. In all former Printed Copies the Great Charter and the Charter of the Forest, as granted by King Henry III. and confirmed by King Edward I. have been inserted under the ninth year of K. Henry III. See the Colle&ion of Charters of Liberties preceding the Statutes, and Chapter II. of the Introduction prefixed to this Volume. The Various Readings marked L. are from the Charter of Inspeximus 25 Edw. I. under the Great Seal preserved among the Archives of the City of London. See page 33, of the Charters of Liberties.


alicui ala, qili de exitibj terre illius nob debeat respon.ded, it ille de custodia destrucc&em vt vastum fecerit nos ab eo capiem9 emendam, & ?ra comittat' duobj legalibj Sc discretis hominibj, de feodo illo, qui de exitibj terre illius nob respondeant, vt illi, cui illos assignaPim9. Et si dederim9 vt vendiderim9 alicui, custodiam alicuj9 tat terre, Sc ille inde dcstrucc6em fe?it, vt vastum, amittat illam custodiam; & tradat' duobj legalibj it discretis hoibj de feodo illo, qui si- mili? nob respondeant, sicut pdcm est.

Custos autem, qfrndiu custodiam ?re hujusmodi ha- buerit, sustentet domos, parcos, vivaria, stagna, molen- dina, it ce?a ad tVam illam ptinencia, de exitibj rre ejusde; it reddat heredi, cu ad plenam etatem pveSit, terram suam totam instauratam de carucis, Sc de omibj aliU rebj, ad minus sicut illam recepit. Hec oia obser- ventr de custodiis Archiepatuu, Epatuu, Abbathiap, Prio- ratuu, Ecctiaj, & Dignitatu vacanciu, que ad nos pti- nent; excepto qd custodie huj9modi vendi non debent.

Heredes maritent' absq, dispagacione.

Vidua post mortem mariti sui, stadm & sine diffi- cultate aliq" beat maritagiu suu, Sc hereditatem suam; nec aliquid det p dote sua, nec p maritagio suo, vel p hereditate sua, quam hereditatem maritus suus & ipa tenuerut [simul,1] die obit9 ipius mariti sui; Sc maneat in capitali mesuag mariti sui, p quadraginta dies, post obiru mariti sui, infra quos dies assigned ei dos sua, nisi p'us fSit ei assignata, vel nisi dom9 ilia sit castrum; Sc si de castro recesserit, domus ei competens stati pvideat', in qua possit honeste morari, quousq, dos sua ei assigned sffdm qd p>dcm est; & heat racionabile estoPiu suu inPim de coi: Assignet' aute ei p dote sua 9cia ps toci9 ?re mariti sui, que sua fuit in vita sua, nisi de minori fuerit dotata ad hostium ecctie. Nulla vidua distringad ad se maritanda, dum vol&it viPe sine marito: Ita tii qd securitatem faciat, qd se non mari- tabit sine assensu nro, si de nob tenSit, vel sine assensu dni sui, si de alio tenSit.

Nos vero vt batii nn non seisiem9 Pram aliquam vel redditu, p debito aliq% qÕmdiu cacalla debitoris p'sencia sufficiut ad debitu reddend, & ipe debitor pat9 sit inde satisfaSe. Nec plegii ipius debitoris distringantr, q*m- diu ipe capital debitor sufficiat ad solucbem ipius debiti; Sc si capital debitor defeSit in solucbe debiti, non hens unde reddat, aut reddere nolit cu possit, plegii de debito respondeant; & si voluint, heant rras & reddit9 debitoris, quousq, sit eis satisfcm de debito, quod ante p eo solvut, nisi capital debitor monstravlt se inde esse quietu Ps9 eosde plegios.

Civitas London heat omes libertates suas antiquas, & consuetudines suas. Prerea volum9 Sc concedim9, qd omes Civitates alie, & Burgi, & Ville, & Ba.rones de quinq, portubj, & oes port9, heant omes libtates, Sc libas consuetudines suas.

Nullus distÔngatr ad faciend majus €viciu de feodo militis, nec de alio libo tenemento, q*m inde debetur.

Communia ptita non seq'ntur Cuf nram, set te- neant' in aliquo loco Sto.

Recognicoes de nova disseia, & de morte antecessoris, non capiant' nisi in suis Comitadbj, Sc hoc modo. Nos, vt si extra regnQ fuerimus, capital Justif nr, mittem9 Justid nros, p unumquemq^ Comitatu sernel in anno, qui cu militibj ComitatuO, capiant in Comitatibj assisas

* Interlined on the Roll.ÑL. omit*.

which is answerable unto Us for the Issues of the same Land, and he make Destruflion or Waste of those things that he hath in Custody, We will take of him amends and recompence therefore, and the Land shall be committed to two lawful and discreet men of that Fee, which shall answer unto Us for the Issues of the same Land, or unto him [whom we will assign.1] And if We give or sell to any man the Custody of any such Land, and he therein do make Destruflion or Waste, he shall lose the same Custody; and it shall be assigned to two lawful and discreet Men of that Fee, which also in like manner shall be answerable to Us, as afore is said.

THE Keeper, so long as he hath the Custody of the Land of such an Heir, shall keep up the Houses, Parks, [Warrens,1] Ponds, Mills, and other things pertaining to the same Land, with the Issues of the said Land; and he shall deliver to the Heir, when he cometh to his full Age, all his Land, stored with ploughs and all other things, at the least as he received it. All these things shall be observed in the Custodies of Archbi- shopricks, Bishopricks, Abbeys, Priories, Churches, and Dignities vacant, which appertain to Us; except this, that such Custody shall not be sold.

HEIRS shall be married without Disparagement.

A WIDOW, after the Death of her Husband, incon.tinent, and without any difficulty, shall have her [Mar.riage !] and her Inheritance; and shall give nothing for her Dower, her [Marriage1] or her Inheritance, which her Husband and she held the day of the' death of her Husband ; and she shall tarry in the chief [house *] of her Husband by forty days after the death of her Hus.band, within which days her Dower shall be assigned her, if it were not assigned her before, or that the house be a Castle; and if she depart from the Castle, then a competent house shall be forthwith provided for her, in the which she may honestly dwell, until her Dower be to her assigned, as it is aforesaid ; and she shall have in the mean time her reasonable Estovers [of the Com.mon :s] And for her Dower shall be assigned unto her the third part of all the Lands of her Husband, which were his [during Coverture,4] except she were endowed of less at the Church-door. No Widow shall be dis.trained to marry herself (Õ) : Nevertheless she shall find Surety that she shall not marry without our Li.cence and Assent, if she hold of Us, nor without the Assent of the Lord, if she hold of another.

WE, or our Bailiffs, shall not seize any Land or Rent for any Debt, as long as the present Goods and Chat.tels of the Debtor do suffice to pay the Debt, and the Debtor himself be ready to satisfy therefore. Neither shall the Pledges of the Debtor be distrained, as long as the principal Debtor is sufficient for the payment of the Debt; and if the principal Debtor fail in payment of the Debt, having nothing wherewith to pay, or will not pay where he is able, the Pledges shall answer for the Debt; and if they will, they shall have the Lands and Rents of the Debtor, until they be satisfied of that which they before paid for him, except that the Debtor can shew himself to be acquitted (*) against the said Sureties.

THE City of London shall have all the old Liberties and Customs [which it hath been used to have]. More- over We will and grant, that all other Cities, Boroughs, Towns, and the Barons of the Five Ports, and all other Ports, shall have all their Liberties and free Customs.

NO Man shall be distrained to do more Service for a KnightÕs Fee, nor any Frehold, than therefore is due.

COMMON PLEAS shall not follow our Court, but shall be holden in some place certain.

ASSISES of Novel Disseisin and of Mortdauncestor shall not be taken but in [the Õ] Shires, and after this manner : [If.¥] We be out of this Realm, our Chief [Justicers"] shall send our Justicers through every County once in the year; which with the Knights of the Shires shall take the said Assises in those Counties;

1 to whom we shall have assigned them.

Vivaries, 3 Marriage-estate

4 5 out of the common Estate :

6 in his live, MS. Tr. i.

7 while she chooses to live single 9 their 40 We, or if

¥ thereof

" Justiccr


Sale or Gift of Wardship.

V.

Sustaining Lands in Wardabip.

Custody of

Spiritual

Dignities.

VI.

Marriage of

Hein.

VII.

Widow.

Her marriage Estate;

Quarantine |

Estovers |

Dower;

Remarriage;

VIII. The KingÕs Debtor.

His Pledges.

IX.

Liberties of London, tcc.

X.

Distress for Services.

XI.

Common

Pleas.

XII.

Assises of Novel

disseisin aod

Mortdan-

cestor.

Circuit*.

Adjourn.ment of Causes for Difficulty.

XIII.

Assises of

Darrein

presentment.

XIV.

Amercements of Freemen;

Merchants; Villains.

Amercement of Earls.

Ecclesiastics.

XV.

Making of Bridges.

XVI.

Obstructing of Risers.

XVII. Pleas of the

Crown.

XV1IT. The KingÕs Tenant, his Debtor.

XIX.

Purveyance for a Castle.

XX.

Castle Ward.

XXI.

Purveyance for Carriage.

XXII.

Lauds of Felons.

and those things that at the coming of our foresaid Jus- ticers being sent to take those Assises in the Counties, cannot be determined, shall be ended by them in some other place in their Circuit; and those things, which for difficulty of some Articles cannot be determined by them, shall be referred to our [Justices'} of the Bench, and there shall be ended.

ASSISES of Darrein Presentment shall be alway taken before our [Justices'] of the Bench, and there shall be determined.

A FREEMAN shall not be amerced for a small Fault, but after the manner of the Fault, and for a reat Fault, after the greatness thereof, saving to him is [Contenement *] ; and a Merchant likewise, saving to him his Merchandise ; and any otherÕs Villain than ours shall be likewise amerced, saving his Wainage, if he fall into our mercy. And none of the said Amer.ciaments shall be assessed but by the oath of honest and lawful Men of the Vicinage. Earls and Barons shall not be amerced but by their Peers, and after the manner of their Offence. No Man of the Church shall be amerced after the quantity of his Spiritual Benefice, but after his Lay Tenement, and after the quantity of his Offence.

NO Town nor Freeman shall be distrained to make Bridges [nor Banks,'] but such as of old time and of right have been accustomed to make them [in the time of King Henry our Grandfather.]

NO [Banks4] shall be defended from henceforth, but such as were in defence in the time of King Henry our Grandfather, by the same Places and the same Bounds, as they were wont to be in his time.

NO Sheriff, Constable, [Escheator,] Coroner, nor any other our Bailiffs, shall hold Pleas of our Crown.

IF any that holdeth of Us Lay Fee do die, and our Sheriff or Bailiff do shew our Letters Patents of our Summon for Debt, which the dead man did owe to Us, it shall be lawful to our Sheriff or Bailiff to attach and inroll all the Goods and Chattels of the Dead being found in the [said Fee,5] to the value of the same Debt, by the sight [and testimony] of lawful men: So that nothing thereof shall be taken away, until [we be clearly paid off the Debt-/] and the Residue shall remain to the Executors, to perform the Testament of the Dead ; and if nothing be owing unto Us (7), all the Chattels shall go to the use of the Dead; saving to his Wife and Children their reasonable parts.

NO Constable, nor his Bailiff, shall take Corn or other Chattels of any man, if the man be not of the town where the Castle is, but he shall forthwith pay for the same, unless that the will of the seller was to re.spite the Payment: And if he be of the same town, the Price shall be paid unto him within forty days.

NO Constable shall distrain any Knight for to give Money for keeping of his Castle, if he himself will do it in his proper person, or cause it to be done by an.other sufficient man, if he may not do it hitnself, for a reasonable cause. And if we do [lead or send him in an army,"] he shall be [free from Castle Ward for the time that he shall be with us in fee in our host,9] for the which he hath done service in our wars.

NO Sheriff nor Bailiff of ours, or any other, shall take the Horses or Carts of any man to make carriage, except he pay the old price limited; that is to say, for [carriage'Ò] with two horse, x d. a day, for('') three horse, xiv d. a day. No Demesne Cart of any Spiritual Person or Knight, or any [Lord,'*] shall be taken by our Bailiffs. Nor We, nor our Bailiffs, nor any other, shall take any manÕs Wood for our Castles, or other our necessaries to be done, but by the Licence of him whose the Wood is.

WE will not hold the Lands of them that be convift of Felony but one year and one day, and then those Lands shall be delivered to the Lords of the Fee.

p>dcas; & ilia que in illo adventu suo in Comitatus,

JustiS nros pdSos, ad dcas assisas capiendas missos minari non possut, p eosdem EminentÕ alibi in iti8^ suo; & ea que p eosde pp? difficultate aliquop articulop, ?minari no possut, referant' ad Justicf nros de Banco, & ibi EminentÕ. Assise de ultima psentacSe, semp capiant' coram Justiciar de Banco, & ibi EminentÕ.

Liber Homo non atScietÕ p pvo delido, nisi sJdm modu ipius delidi, & p magno delido sedm magnitu- dine delidi, salvo contenemento suo; & locator eodem modo, salva mercandisa sua ; & villan9 alftus q*m nos? eodem modo anJciet' salvo Wanagio suo, si incident in miam nram. Et nulla pUcap ftiiap ponatur nisi p sacrÒm pbop & leg hoim, de visit. Comites & Baro.nes no aiScient' nisi p pares suos, & non nisi s2dm modu delidi. Nulla eccliastica psona ai9ciet' sedm quantitate beneficii sui ecdiastici, set sedm laicu ten suu, & sedm quantitate deiidi.

Nec villa, nec [Liber1] homo distringatÕ fa8e pontes ad riparias, nisi qui ab antiquo, & de jure fac?e debent.

Nulle riparie defendant' dece?o, nisi ille que fSunt in defenso, tempore H. Reg avi nfi, p eadem loca & eosdem tminos, sicut esse consueverut tempe suo.

Nullus Vicecomes, Constabular, Coronator, vel alii Batti nfi, teneant plita corone nre.

Si aliquis tenes de nob laicum feodu moriat', & Vicecomes vt BaHs nr, ostendat litfas nras patentes de sumonicoe nfa de debito, quod defundus nob debuit, liceat Vicecomiti, vt Battio nro, attachiare et imbriare oihia bona & catalla defundi, inventa in laico feodo, ad valenciam illius debiti p visum legaliu hominu: Ita til qd nichil inde amoveatÕ donee psolvat' nob debitu, quod claru fSit; & residuu relinqÕtur execu- toribj ad faciend testamentu defundi; & si nichil nob debeat' ab ipo, ofnia catalla cedant defundo; salvis uxi ejus, & puis ipius ronabilibj ptibj suis.

Nullus Constabularius vel ejus ballivus, capiat blada, vel alia catalla alicuj9 qui non sit de villa, ubi castrfi situm est, nisi statim reddat denarios inde, aut respec. turn inde hfe possit de voluntate venditoris: Si autem de ipa villa fuit, infra quadraginta dies preciu reddat.

Nullus Constabularius distringat aliquem militem, ad dand denar p custodia castri, si ipe earn fac*e voluerit in ppria psona sua, vt p alium pbu hominc [facÔ] si ipe earn fade non possit, pp? racionabilem causam. Et si nos adduxerimus, vt miserim9 efi in exc?citum, sit quietus de custodia s2dm qÓntitatem tempis, quo p nos fuerit in excercitu, de feodo, p quo fecit sviciu in ex?citu.

Nullus Vic vt batis nr, vel aliquis alius capiat equos vt carettas alicujus, p cariagio faciendo, nisi reddat liba- cbem [antiquitit9 J] statutam; scitt p una caretta, ad duos equos decern denar p diem, & p caretta ad tres equos quatuordecim denar p diem. Nulla caretta dnica alicuj9 ecctiastice psone vt Militis, vt alicuj9 [do- mine,4] p bathos nros capiat'. Nec nos, nec Batti nfi, nec alii, capiem9 boscum alienu, ad castra, vt ad alia agenda nfa, nisi p volutatc illius, cuj9 boscus ille fuit.

Nos no tenebim9 t ras illop, qui covidti fSint de felonia, nisi p unu annu & unu diem, & tuc reddantÕ terre ille dais feodo^s.

1 Interlined on the Roll.Ñ L. omits.

' Justiccrs

* Countenance

È over Riven * Riven 1 Lay-Fee

6 there he paid unto Ut the Debt ¥which thall have been proved;

7 by him Ô take or send him to our wars

¥> for the time that he shall be with us in our host, free from Castleward, for the Fee, Ò a Cart

11 a Cart with Õ* Lady

* faciat L. > antiquit9 L.

4 t domini Old Printed Copier. t See Magna Carta 36 Hen.III. note j. in pa. 30, of the Charters in this Volume.ÑNote a in pa. 33, of the Quarto Edition of Black- stoneÕs Charters, giving Ô domini Õ as a Reading, on the Authorities quoted, is erroneous.


Omes Kidelli deponant' dece?o penit9 p Tamisiam & Medeweyam, & p totam Angt, nisi p costeram maris.

Bre quod vocat' Precipe, deceto n5 fiat alicui de aliquo libero tenemento, unde lib homo pdat Cur suam.

Una Mensura vini sit p totu regnu nrm, & una mensura cVisie, & una mensura bladi, scitt quarter London; & una latitudo panno^ tin&op, russetop, & haubergettojj scitt due ulne infra listas. De pon- deribj vero sit, sicut de mensuris.

Nichil decePo detur p bri inquisicois ab eo, qui inquisicoem petit de vita, vel de membris, set gratis concedat', & non neget'.

Si aliqui teneant de nob p feodi firmam, vel p so- cagiu, vel burgagiu, & de alio teneant Pram, p Õsviciu militar, nos no habebim9 custodiam heredis nec terre sue, que est de feodo alPius, occÕone illius feodi firme, vt socagii, vt burgagii; nec bebim9 custodiam illius feodi firme, vt socagii, vel Burgagii, nisi ipa feodi firma debeat sviciu militare. Nos non bebimus custodiam heredis, vel alicujus terre qua tenet de aliquo alio p Sviciu militare, occ*one alicuj9 pve serjantie, quam tenet de nob p Sviciu reddendi nob cultellos, vel sagittas, vel hujusmodi. Nullus Batts decePo ponat aliquem ad legem manifestam, nec ad juramentu, sim- plici loquela sua, sine testibj fidelib; ad hoc indu&is.

Nullus liber homo capiatur vel imprisonet', aut dis- seisiatur de libo ten suo, vel libertatibj, vt libis con- suetudinib} suis, aut utlaget' aut exulet aut aliquo modo destruatur, nec sup eum ibimus, nec sup eu mittem9, nisi p legale judiciu piu suop, vel p legem terre. Nulli vendem9, nulli negabim9, aut diflferem9 redtum vel justiciam.

Omes mercatores, nisi publice antea phibiti fSint beant salvu & securu condudtum exire de Angt, & venire in Angt, & morari & ire p Angt tarn p terram, q*m p aquam, ad emend & vendtnd, sine omib3 toltis malis, p antiquas & reftas consuetudines, p?q*in in tempe guerre; & si sint de terra cont* nos guerrina, & tales inveniant' in tra nra in p'ncipio guerre, atta- chientÕ sine dapno corpop vel rep, donee sciatur a nob vel a capitali Justic nro, quomodo nicatores tYe nre tra&ent', qui tunc inveiuntÕ in terra ilia cont* nos guer.rina, Sc si nri salvi sint ibi, alii salvi sint in Pra nfa.

Si quis tenuit de aliq* escaeta sicut de honore Walling.ford, Bolonie, Nottingb, Lancastr, vt aliis escaetis, que sut in rnanu nra, Sc sint Baronie, & obierit, heres ejus no det aliud releviu, nec faciat nob aliud Õsviciu, q"m faPet Baroni, si ilia esset in manu Baronis ; & nos eode modo earn tenebimus quo Baro earn tenuit. Nec nos occ*one tat Baronie, vel escaete, bebimus aliquant escae- tam, vt custodiam aliquop nrop hoim, nisi de nob alibi tenuerit, in capite, ille qui tenuit baroniam vt escaetam.

Nullus lib homo det deceto amplius alicui, vel ven- dat de terra sua, q'm ut de residuo terre sue, sufficien? possit fieri, dno feodi, Pviciu ei debitum quod ptinet ad feodu illud. Oines patroni Abbathiajj qui bent cartas regum Angt de advocatione, vt antiquam tenu- M.39. ram, vt possessionem, beant eap custodia cum vaca- 9int, sicut bre debent, & sicut supius declaratum est.

, ^4* ~ears fr¡m henceforth shall be utterly put down by fhames and Medway, and through aH Eng.land, but only by the Sea-coasts. 6

THE Writ that is called Praecipe [in capite] shall be from henceforth granted to no person of any Freehold, whereby any Freeman may lose his Court.

ONE Measure of Wine shall be through our Realm, and one Measure of Ale, and one Measure of Com, that is to say, the Quarter of London; and one Breadth of dyed C loth, Russets, and Haberjedh, that is to say, Two Yards within the Lists. And it shall be of Weights as it is of Measures.

NOTHING from henceforth shall be given for a Writ of Inquisition, [nor taken of him '] that prayeth Inquisition of Life or of Member, but it shall be granted freely, and not denied.

IF any do hold of Us by Fee-ferm, or by Socage or Burgage, and he holdeth Lands of another by Knights Service, We will not have the Custody of his Heir, nor of his Land, which is holden of the Fee of another, by reason ot that Fee ferm, Socage, or Burgage; neither will We have the Custody of such Fee-ferm, or Socage, or Burgage, except Knights Service be due unto Us out of the same Fee-ferm. [We will not have the Custody of the Heir, or of any Land by occasion of any Petit Serjeanty, that any man holdeth of Us by Service to pay a knife, an arrow, or the like.*]

NO Bailiff from henceforth shall put any man to his open Law, nor to an Oath, upon his own bare saying, without faithful Witnesses brought in for the same.

NO Freeman shall be taken or imprisoned, or be dis.seised of his Freehold, or Liberties, or free Customs, or be outlawed, or exiled, or any other wise destroyed ; nor will We not pass upon him, nor [condemn him,'] but by lawful judgment of his Peers, or by the Law of the Land. We will sell to no man, we will not deny or defer to any man either Justice or Right.

ALL Merchants, if they were not openly prohibited before, shall have their safe and sure Conduct to de.part out of England, to come into England, to tarry in, and go through England, as well by land as by water, to buy and sell without any manner of [evil tolts*] by the old and rightful Customs, except in time of War; and if they be of a Land making War against Us, and be found in our Realm at the beginning of the Wars, they shall be attached without harm of body or goods, until it be known unto Us, or our Chief Justice, how our Merchants be entreated [there in5] the Land making war against Us ; and if our Merchants be well intreated there, theirs shall be likewise with Us.

IF any man hold of any Escheat, as of the Honour of Wallingford, Nottingham, Boloin, (6) or of any other Escheats which be in our hands, and are Baronies, and die, his Heir shall give none other Relief, nor do none other Service to Us, than he should to the Baron, if it were in the BaronÕs hand ; and We in the same wise shall hold it as the Baron held it. Neither shall We have, by occasion of any (Õ) Barony or Escheat, any Escheat or keeping of any of our men, unless he that held the Barony or Escheat otherwise held of Us in Chief.

NO Freeman from henceforth shall give or sell any more of his Land, but so that of the Residue of the Lands, the Lord of the Fee may have the Service due to him which belongeth to the Fee.

ALL Patrons of Abbies which have the KingÕs Char.ters of England of Advowson, or have old tenure or possession in the same, shall have the Custody of them when they fall void, as it hath been accustomed, and as it is afore declared.

1 by him

> Nor We shall not have the Custody of the Heir, or of any Land which he holdeth of any other by Knights Service, by occasion of any Petite Scrgeantic that he holdeth of Us by Service to pay to Us knives, arrows, or other like.

i deal with him, s mho an then found in

* evil tolles

6 Lancatler Õ such

XXIII.

Wart

XXIV. Writ of Prwcipe.

XXV.

Measures,

and Weights.

XXVI.

Criminal

Writ*.

XXVII. Where the King shall not have Wardship.

XXVIII. Wager of Law.

XXIX.

Imprison.ment, tkc. contrary to Law.

Administra.tion of Justice.

XXX.

Foreign

Merchants.

XXXI. Baronies escheated to the King.

Wardship

therein.

XXXII.

Alienation.

XXXIII. Custody of va.-ant Abbies.

VOL. I.

H h


XXXIV. Appeal of Death by

a Woman.

XXXV. County Court.

Sheriff Õ€ Turn.

View of Frankpledge.

XXXVI.

Fraudulent Gifts in Mortmain.

XXXVII.

Escuage.

General

Saving.

Observance of these Liberties.

Subsidy, in respefl of this Charter and Charter of the Forest.

NO Man shall be taken or imprisoned upon the Appeal of a Woman, for the death of any other than of her Husband.

NO County Court from henceforth shall be holden but from month to month; and where greater Time hath been used, there shall be greater: Nor any Sheriff or his Bailiff shall keep his Turn in the Hundred but twice in the Year, and no where but in due place and accustomed; that is to say, once after Easter, and again after the Feast of Saint Michael. And the View of Frankpledge shall be likewise at the Feast of Saint Michael, without [occasion :'] So that every man may have his Liberties which he had or used to have in the time of King Henry our Grandfather, or which he hath purchased since. The View of Frankpledge shall be so done, that our Peace may be kept; and that [the Tything be wholly kept,1] as it hath been accustomed; and that the Sheriff [seek no occasions ;s] and that he be content with so much as the Sheriff was wont to have for his View-making, in the time of King Henry our Grandfather.

IT shall not be lawful from henceforth to any to give his Lands to any Religious House, [and *] to take the same Land again, to hold of the same House: Nor shall it be lawful to any House of Religion (J) to take the Lands of any, [and to lease the same*] to him of whom [he received it.7] If any from henceforth (s) give his Lands to any Religious House, and thereupon be con- vi£f, the Gift shall be utterly void, and the Land shall accrue to the Lord of the Fee.

ESCUAGE from henceforth shall be taken like as it was wont to be in the time of King Henry our Grandfather. Reserving to all Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Templars, Hospitallers, Earls, Barons, and all Persons, as well Spiritual as Temporal, all their [free Liberties'] and free Customs, which they have had in time passed. And all these Customs and Liberties aforesaid, which We have granted to be holden within this our Realm, [as much as appertained to Us and our Heirs, we shall observe ; and Õ] all Men of this our Realm, as well Spiritual as Temporal, [as much as in them is, shall observe the same against all Persons, in like wise."'] And for this our Gift and Grant of these Liberties, and of other contained in our Charter of Liberties of our Forest, the Archbishops, Bishops, Ab.bots, Priors, Earls, Barons, Knights, Freeholders, and other our Subje&s, have given unto Us the Fifteenth Part of all their Moveables. And We have granted unto them on the other part, (") that neither We nor

' hindrance 1 the Leete be kept whole

* seek not to trouble any; * Old Translaiions omit.

s so 6 to deliver the same back

1 they were received to be holden. 8 Liberties

* on our fart, towards our men,

10 shall observe on their part towards their men

" Jor Us and our Heirs,

Nullus capiat' aut imp'sonet' pp? appellu femine de morte alftus q*m viri sui. Nullus Comitat9 de. ce?o teneatur, nisi de mense in mensem, & ubi major tWnus esse solebat major sit: Nec aliquis Vi?, vt Balts suus, fa? tumuin suu p Hundredu, nisi bis in anno, & non nisi in loco debito & consueto; vidett semel post Pascfi, & ifum post festum S?i Mictsis. Et visui de franco plegio, tuc fiat ad illu ?minu SCi Mictsis, sine occ*one: Ita scift qd quilibet habeat libtates suas, quas huit, vl !5re consuevit tepe H. Regis avi nri, vel quas postea pquisivit. Fiat autem visus de franco plegio sic, vidett, qd pax nra teneat', & qd theothinga te- neat' integra, sicut esse consuevit; & qd Vicecomes non querat occ*ones, & qd content9 sit de eo quod Vi? hre consuevit de visu suo faciendo tempe H.Reg avi nri. (a) Nec liceat deceto alicui dare tVam suam domui re.ligiose, ita qd illam resumat de eadem domo tenenda: Nec liceat alicui domui Religiose, terram alicuj9 sic ac- cipe, qd tradat [illam Õ] illi a quo earn recepit tenen- dam. Si quis autem deceto, tram suam alicui domui religiose sic dederit, & sup hoc convincatur, donu suum penit9 casset', & terra ilia domino illius feodi incurrat', Scutagium deceto capiat', sicut capi consuevit, tem.pore H. Reg avi nri. Et salve sint Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibj, Prioribj, Templar, Hospitelar, Comitibj, Ba- ronibj, & omibj aliis, tarn ecctiasticis psonis, q*m se- cularibj, omnes libtates & libe consuetudines, quas prius buerut. Omes aute consuetudines & libtates pdiflas, quas concessim9 in regno nib tenendas, q'ntu ad nos ptinet erga nros, Omes de regno nro, tarn ciici, q'm laid, observet, qÔntu ad se pertinet, erga suos. Pro hac aute donacione et concessione libtatu istap, & alia^ contentap in carta nra de libtatibj foreste, Archiepi, Epi, Abbes, Priores, Comites, Barones, Milites, libe tenentes, & omes de regno nro, dederut nob quintam decimam ptem omiu mobiliu suojj. Concessim9 eciam eisdem, p nob & hered nris, qd nec nos, nec heredes

1 earn L.

(a) Ex Rot. Claus. 18 Hen. III. m. io. d.

de InPjJtacqne Clausule otente in Libtatibj quali? debat intftigi-

H Rex Vic Line Salt. Quia audivimus qd tu 8c Balti tui 8c E Balti alioj qui Hundra hnt in Com tuo no intelligitis qualr Hundr 8c Wapentac tefii debant in Com tuo postq* concessim5 omibj de Regno nro libtates contents* in Cartis nris quas inde fecim9 du fuim9 infra etate; Nos eandem carta nup legi fecim9 in fJsentia dni Can! 8c majoris & sanioris ptis omniu Epo^ Comitu 8c Baronu totius Regni nri ut cora eis 8c p eos expofict' ft clausula gtenta in carta nra de Libtatibj vide! qd nils Vic vl Balls faciat Turnu suu p Hundra nisi bis i anno 8c no nÔ loco debito 8c psueto vide! semel post Pascha & i?in p9t fest sci Michis in occone: Ita scilt qd quilibj hat libtates suas quas ftuit 8c lire gsuevit fpe II. Reg avi nri vl quas postea pquisivit: Unde a multis ibi dem fuit 8c testatu qd fpc H. Reg avi nri tarn Hundr 8c Wapentac* qÕm Cur Magnatu Angl solebant tefii de Quin- dena in Quindena : Et licet multii placet nob gmuni utilitati totius Regni 8c indepnitati paupum pvidere, tn quia illi duo Turni plene no sufficiut ad pace Regni nri pservanda 8c ad excessus tarn divitibj qÕm paupibj illatis corrigendos, que ad Hundra ptinet, de gmuni 9SU10 pdei dni Cantuar 8c olm pdeo^ Epoy Comitu 8c Baronu 8c alio^ ita pvisum est: qd in? fidcos duos T'nos teneant' Hundra 8c Wapentakia 8c ecia Cur Magnatu de t'bj septimanis i tres septimanas ubi p'us tefii solent de Quindena in Quindena. Ita tn qd ad ilia Hundr et Wapentalc 8c Cur no fiat gnalis sumoniai sic ad T'nos pdcos j set ad Hundra ilia Wapentalc 8c Cur gveniat gqrentes 8c adversarii sui 8c illi q1 seftas debet, p quas teneat' placita 8c fianl ^edi£la ; nisi Ita sit qd ad Hundra ilia 8c Wapentakia fi debat Inquisico de placitis Corone, sicut de morte hominis, Tftauro invento & huj5modi; ad que inquirenda coveniat cum fldcis Sectariis qÕtuor villate pxime scilt oines de illis villis qui necessarii fHint ad inquisitioes ilias facicndas. Et ido t1 pcipim9 qd pdea Hundra Wapentakia 8c Curas tam nras qÕm alioj teiiSi facias dece?o sedm quod pdem est de tribj septimanis in tres septimanas exceptis pdcis duobj "Unis qui de ce?o teneantÕ sedm quod p'us tefii solebant. T. R. ap Westm xj. die Ocf.




25¡ Enw. I. Magna Carta.

nn, aliquid pquircmus, p quod libtates in hac carta contente infringantÕ vel infirment'. Et si ab aliquo contra hoc aliquid pquisitum fuerit, nichil valeat, & p nullo tleatur. Hiis testibj diio S. Cantuar Archiepo,

E. London Epo, J. Bathoii Epo, P. Wynton, H. Lin.coln, R- Sajs, W. Roff, W. Wygorii, J. Elien, H. Hereforden, R. Cicestr, W. Exon Epis. AHie Sfi Edmundi, AtJbe SCi Albani, Abbe de Bello, Abbe Sfi Augustini Cantuar, Abbe de Evesh*m, Abbe de Westm, Abbate de Burgo S2i Petri, Abbe de Reding, Abbe de Abyndoii, Abbe de Malmesbur, Abbe de Wynche- cumbe, Abbe de Hida, Abbe de Certeseye, Abbe de Shirburii, Abbe de Ceme, Abbe de [Abbotebir,'] Abbe de Middilton, Abbate de Seleby, Abbate de Cirencestr, H. de Burgo [Justiciar,Õ] H. Comite Cestr & Lincoln, W. Comite Sap, W. Comite Warren, G. de Clare Co.mite Gloucestr & Hertford, W. de Ferrar Comite Derb, W. de Mandevil! Comite Essex, H. le Bygod Comite Norff, W. Comite Albemarlie, FJ. Comite He.reford, J. Constabular Cestr, R. de Ros, R. filio WalPi, R. de Ve?i Ponte, W. de Bruef, R. de Muntefichet, P. filio Herbi, W. de Aubeny, F. Gresly, F. de Breus, J. de Monemue, J. fit Alani, H. de Mortuo Mari, W. de Bello Campo, W. de SSo Jobe, P. de Malo Lacu, Briano de Insula, Thoma de Multon, R. de Argentein, G. de Nevill, W. Mauduit, J. de Baiun & aliis. Dal apud Westm xj. die Febr anno r. n. nono.

Nos autem donacoes & concessiones p*di£las ratas bentes & gratas, eas p nob & Heredibj nils, con.ceding9 & confirmam9, easq, tenore p'senciu inno- vam9, volentes & concedentes, p nob & heredibj nns, qd carta p*d£a in omibj & singtis suis ard- cut imppetuu firmi? & inviolabili? observed, eciam si aliqui articuli in eadem carta contend, hucusq, forsitan non fuerint observau. In cuj9 rei tesdmon has lit?as nras fieri fecim9 patentes. T. Edwardo filio nro apud Westm, duodecimo die Ottobr anno r. n. Vicesimo Quinto.

1 Abbotesbury L. 1 Justic nro L.

our Heirs shall procure or do any thing whereby the Liberties in this Charter contained shall be infringed or broken. And if any thing be procured by any person contrary to the premises, it shall be had of no force nor eflfedl. These being Witnesses; Lord [B.'] Arch.bishop of Canterbury, E. Bishop of London, J. Bishop of Bathe, P. of Winchester, H. of Lincoln, R. of Salis.bury, W. of Rochester, W. of Worcester, J. of Ely, H. of Hereford, R. of Chichester, W. of Exeter, Bishops; the Abbot of St. Edmonds, the Abbot of St. Albans, the Abbot of [Bello,1] the Abbot of St. Augusdne's in Canterbury, the Abbot of Evesham, the Abbot of Westminster, the Abbot of [Bourgh St. Peter,1] the Abbot of Reding, the Abbot of Abindon, the Abbot of Malmsbury, the Abbot of Winchcomb, the Abbot of Hyde, the Abbot of Certesey, the Abbot of Sher- bum, the Abbot of Ceme, the Abbot of [Abbotebir,4] the Abbot of Middleton, the Abbot of Seleby, the Abbot of Cirencester; H. de Burgh [Justice,1] H. Earl of Chester and Lincoln, W. Earl of Salisbury, W. Earl of Warren, G. de Clare Earl of Gloucester and [Here.ford,6] W. de Ferrars Earl of Derby, W. de Mandeville Earl of Essex, H. de Bygod Earl of Norfolk, W. Earl of Albemarle, H. Earl of Hereford, J. Constable of Chester, R. de Ros, R. Fitzwalter, R. de Vyponte, W. de Bruer, R. de Muntefichet, P. Fitzherbert, W. de Aubenie, F. Gresly, F. de Breus, J. de [Monemue,7] J. Fitzallen, H. de Mortimer, W. de Beauchamp, W. de St. John, P. de Mauly, Brian de Lisle, Thomas de Mul.ton, R. de Argenteyn, G. de Nevil, W. de Mauduit, J. de Baiun, and others. (Õ).

We, Ratifying and approving these Gifts and Grants aforesaid, confirm and make strong all the same for Us and our Heirs perpetually, and by the Tenor of these Presents do renew the same: Willing and granting for Us and our Heirs, that [this Charter and Õ] all and sin.gular his Articles for ever shall be stedfastly, firmlv, and inviolably observed ; [and if "] any Article in the same Charter contained yet hitherto peradventure hath not been kept [We will and by authority royal com.mand from henceforth firmly they be observed "].

In Witness whereof We have caused these our Letters Patents to be made. [T. Edward our son at Westminster, the twenty-eighth day of March in the twenty eighth year of our Reign.11]

1 S.

1 Balltl 1 Peterborough * jllhclehury

I Chief Jueticer 4 Hertford 7 Monmouth

* Given at IVeltmineter the eleventh Jay of February in the ninth year of our Reign.

9 the Charter aforesaid in 13 even although

II Not in Original.

11 The Old Translations read

These Reverend Fathers being Witnesses ; R. Arch.bishop of Canterbury Primaie of England, A. Bishop of Duresme, and other; Given at Westminster, with our own hand, the twenty-eighth day of the month of March, the twenty-eighth year of our reign.

This agrees with the Old Printed Copies of the Latin Text x But read

Witness Edward our Son at Westminster, the Twelfth day of Odoher in the Twenty-JSffh Tear of our Reign.


120

25¡ Edw. I. Carta de Forestay c*.

1

A.L

i.

Afforesta.tion! of Henry II. disafforested.

II.

Restraint of the Summons.

III.

Afforrsta- tions of Richard I. and John.

IV.

Purpresturcs, Wastes, and Asserts.

V.

Range of the Forests.

VI.

Lawing of Dogs.

Amercement.

How Dogs shall be la wed.

VII.

Foresters,

Collections.

Appointment of Foresters.

EDWARD by the Grace of God, King of England, Lord of Ireland, and Duke of Guyan, To All to whom these Presents shall come, sendeth Greeting: We have seen the Charter of the Lord Henry our Father, sometime King of England, concerning the Forest in thesewords. Henry, by the Grace of God, King of Eng.land, Lord of Ireland, Duke of Normandy and Guyan, [and Earl of Anjou, to all Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, Barons, Justicers, Foresters, Sheriffs, Provosts, Officers, and to all his Bailiffs, and faithful Subje&s which shall see this present Charter, Greeting. Know Ye, that We, unto the honour of Almighty God, and for the salvation of our soul and the souls of our Ancestors and Successors, to the advance.ment of Holy Church, and amendment of our Realm, of our mere and free will have given and granted, to all Archbishops, Bishops, Earls, Barons, and to all of this our Realm, these Liber ties, following, to be kept in our Kingdom of England for ever.']

FIRST, We will that all Forests, which King Henry our Grandfather afforested, shall be viewed by good and lawful men; and if he have made Forest of any other Wood more than of his own Demesne, whereby the Owner of the Wood hath hurt, forthwith it shall be disafforested; and if he have made Forest of his own Wood, then it shall remain Forest, saving the Common of Herbage, and of other things in the same Forest, to them which before were accustomed to have the same.

MEN that dwell out of the Forest, from henceforth shall not come before the Justicers of our Forest by common Summons, unless they be impleaded there, or be Sureties for some others that were attached for the Forest.

ALL Woods which have been made Forest by King Richard our Uncle, or by King John our Father, until our first Coronation, shall be forthwith disafforested unless it be our demesne Wood.

ALL Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, Barons, Knights, and other our Freeholders which have their Woods in Forests, shall have their Woods as they had them at the (Õ) first Coronation of King Henry our Grandfather. So that they shall be quit for ever of all Purprestures, Wastes, and Asserts, made in those Woods after that time, until the beginning of the se.cond year of our Coronation. And those that from henceforth do make Purpresture without our Licence, or Waste or Assert in the same, shall answer unto Us for the same Wastes, Purprestures, and Asserts.

OUR Rangers shall go through the Forest to make Range, as it hath been accustomed at the Time of the first Coronation of King Henry our Grandfather, and not otherwise.

THE Enquiry or View for Lawing of Dogs within our Forest shall be made from henceforth when the Range is made, that is to say, from three year to three year ; and then it shall be done by the view and testi.mony of lawful men, and not otherwise ; and he whose Dog is not lawed, and so found, shall pay for his amercia.ment iij. s.: And from henceforth no Ox shall be taken for I.awing of Dogs. And such Lawing shall be done by the Assise commonly used, that is to say, that three claws of the fore foot shall be cut off [by the skin.3] But from henceforth such Lawing of Dogs shall not [be,4] but in places where it hath been accustomed from the time of the first Coronation of the foresaid King Henry our Grandfather.

NO Forester or Bedel from henceforth shall make Scotal, or gather garb, or oats, or any com, lamb, or pig, nor shall make any [Gathering, but3] by the sight and upon the [view6] of the twelve Rangers, when they shall make their [Range. So7] many Foresters shall be assigned to the keeping of the Forests, as reasonably shall seem sufficient for the keeping of the same.

* Former Translations read only thus,

&c. as in ihe Beginning of the Great Charter.

1 time of the 3 without tht Ball. Ç be done

3 gathering: and 6 oath " range, to

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 39.* (Õ)DWARDUS dei gra Rex Angt Dominus Hfon & Dux Aquif, Omnibj ad quos Rentes lit?e pve- Sint sattm. Inspeximus cartam drii H. quondam Reg Angt pris nri de Foresta in hec verba: Henricus dei gra Rex Angt, dfis Hibn, Dux Normanii, Aquif, & Comes Andegav, Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibj, Prioribj, Comitibj, Baronibj, Justiciar, Forestar, Vicecomitibj, Prepoitis, Ministris, & omibj Battis & fidelibj suis, pPsentem cartam inspeftur sattm. Sciaf qd nos intuitu dei & p salute anime nre, & animajs antecessop, k successor nrop, ad exaltacoem s?e ecch'e, & emen- dacionem regni nri, spontanea & bona voluntate nra, dedim9 & concessim9 Archiepis, Epis, Comitibj, Ba- ronibj, & omibj de regno nro, has libtates subscrip, tas, tenendas in regno nro Angt imppetuu.

In primis omes Foreste, quas Henric9 Rex avus nr afforestavit, videant' p bonos & legales holes; & si bos- cu alique aliu q*m suu driicu afforestavit, ad dampnu illius, cuj9 boscus ille f2it, deafforestet'; & si boscum suu pprifi afforestavit, remaneat foresta, salva edmuna de herbagio, et aliis in eadem foresta, illis, qui prius earn hre consueverut. Homines vero, qui manet ext* foresta non veniant decePo coram JustiC nris de fo.resta, p comunes summonicoes, nisi sint in ptito, vel plegii alicuj9, vt aliquop qui attachiati sut pp? forestam.

Omes autem bosci, qui [fuerunt*] afforestati, p Regem Ritftn avunculu nrm, vel p Regem Johem prem nrm, usq^ ad p'ma coronacoem nram, statim deafforestent', nisi sit driictis boscus nos?.

Archiepi, Epi, Abbates, Priores, Comites, Barones, Milites, libe tenentes, qui bent boscos suos in forestis, beant boscos suos, sicut eos buerunt tempe p'me corona- cois Regis Henrici avi nri. Ita qd quieti sint imppetuum de omibj [purpresturis,3] vastis, & [assartis4] faftis in illis boscis post illud temp9, usq^ ad principiu sfdi anni coronacois nre. Et qui decetero vastum, [purpres- turam, vt assartum sine licencia nra, in itt feemt,3] de vastis, [p'presturis,3] et [assartis,4] respondeant.

[Regardatores6] nn eant p forestas, ad faciendu regardu, sicut fieri cosuevit tempe prime coronacois Reg Henrici avi nri, & n5 ali?.

Inquisicio vt visus de expeditacione canu existenciu in foresta, deceto fiat, quando fieri debet regardum, sciit de ?cio anno in ?ciu annu, & tuc fiat p visum & testimoniu legaliu hominu, [& no aliter;7 ] k ille cuj9 canis invent1 p misericordia

9 fSit

tunc n5 expeditatus, det tres solidos : Et dece?o nullus bos

capiatur p expeditacione. Tat autem [fiat1] expedi- tacio p assÔm comuni? [usitatam,9] qd tres ortelli ab- cindant' sine pelota de pede an?iori. Nec expeditent' canes deceto, nisi in locis ubi consuePunt expeditari, tempe prime coronacois JPdCi Reg Henrici avi nri.

Nullus Forestarius vel Bedellus dece?o faciat scotallas, vel colligat garbas, vel avenam, vel bladu aliquod,vel ag- nos,vel [porcellos,10] nec aliquam colleftam faciat, & p vi.sum & sacr*m duodeci [regardatc^"] quando facient [re.gardum. Tot11 ] forestarii ponant' ad forestas custodien- das, quot ad illas custodiendas ronabili? viderint su ffiSe.

I A Blank for the Letter E. 1 filint D.

3 ppresturis D. * cssartis D.

5 vt ppstura sine licencia nra i illis fe2it, vt essaitu D.

6 Regardores D. 7 Interlined on the Roll.

* sit D. È Interlined on the Roll; D.omits.

10 purcellos D. " regardoy D.

II regardu, tot D.

¥ See Note at the bottom of page 114.ÑThe Various Readings marked D. are from the Charter of the Forest 9 Henry HI- preserved in Durham CathedraJ.} See pa. 76, 27, of the Charters of Liberties, preceding the Statutes, in this Volume.


Nullum Swanimotu dece?o teneatur in regno nro, nisi ter in anno, vidett in pÔncipio quindecim die£ ante festu SS Mictiis, quando agistatores nri coveniut ad agistand diiicos boscos nfos ; & circa festum Sci Martini, q*ndo agistatores nri debet recipe pannagiu nrm; & ad ista duo swanimota coveniant forestarii, viridarii, & agistatores, & [non'] alii p districcSem; & terciu swanimotu teneat' in inicio quindeci diep ante festu Sei Johannis Bapfe, p fconacione bestiap nra£ ; & ad illud swanimotu tenendu, conveiant forestarii (Õ) viridarii & non alii p districcbem. Pre?ea singulis qua- draginta dieb} p totu annu, conveniat forestarii & viri.darii, ad [vidend1 ] attachiamenta de foresta, tarn de vi- ridi, qÔm de venacione p presentacoem forestariojs ipop, & coram ipis attachiatis. Predifta autem Swanimota non teneant' nisi in Coinitatibj, in quib3 teSi consueverut.

Unusquisq, liber homo agistet boscum suum (*) in foresta p voluntate sua, & heat pannagiu suu.

Concedim9 eciam qd unusquisq, liber homo duc?e possit porcos suos p dnicum boscum nrm, libe & sine impedimento, ad agistand eos in boscis suis ppriis, vel alibi ubi voluerit. Et si porci alicuj9 li- beri hois una node pnodaverint in foresta nra, non inde occ*onetr, unde aliquid de suo pdat.

Nullus deceto amittat vitam vel membra p vena.cione nra; set si quis captus fuerit, & convidus de capcione venacionis, gravi? redimatur, si heat unde redimi possit; si aute non heat unde redimi possit, jaceat in prisona nra p unu annu & unum diem & si post unu annu & unu diem plegios invenire pos.sit, exeat de prisona, sin aute, abjuret regnii Angt.

Quicumq Archieps, Eps, Comes, vel Baro veniens ad nos, ad mandatu nrm t*nsierit p forestam nfam, liceat ei cape unam bestiam, vel duas, p visum forestarii si p*sens fuerit, sin autem, faciat comari ne videatr furtive hoc fa?e. Idem liceat eis in redeundo fact, sicut p>d£m est.

Unusquisq,, liber homo decePo, sine occÒone faciat in bosco suo vel in terra sua, quam het in foresta, molendinu, vivariu, stagnu, marleram, fossatum, vel terrain arabile, exf1 cooptu in tYa arabili, ita qd non sit ad nocumentu alicuj9 vicini.

Unusquisq liber homo heat in boscis suis aerias an- cipitru, espvariop, falconu, aquilap, & heironu: Ha- beat similir mel quod inventum fuerit in boscis suis.

Nullus Forestarius decePo, qui non sit forestarius de feodo, firmam noh reddens p balliva sua, capiat chemi.nagiu aliquod in balliva sua: Forestarius autem de feodo, firmam noh reddens p battia sua, capiat chemi.nagiu ; videlt p caretta p dimidiu annu duos denarios, & p alium dimidiu annu duos denarios, (s) p equo qui portat sumagiu p dimidiu annu obolu, & p alium di.midiu annu obolum ; & non nisi de illis, qui de extra baHiam suam, tanq*m iScatores veniut p licenciam suam in battiam suam, ad buscam, [maeremii,6] cor- ticem, vel carbonem emendu, & alias ducendum ad vendendu, ubi voluerint; & de nulla alia caretta, vel summagio aliquo cheminagiu capiatur; et non capiat' cheminagiu nisi in locis in quibj antiquit9 capi solebat & debuit. Illi autem qui portant sup dorsum suu, buscam, corticem, vel carbonem, ad vendend, q'mvis inde vivant, nullum decePo dent cheminagiu (7).

Omnes Utlagati p foresta tantu, a tempe Reg Henrici avi nri, usq ad p'mam coronac&em nram, veniant ad pacem nram sine impedimento; & salvos plegios inve- niant, qd non decePo forisfacient nob de foresta nra.

' nfti D. 1 He D. 3 faciendu D.

* que ht D. J & D. 6 meremiu D.

7 forestariis nostris, preterquam in dominicis boscis nostris. Old Printed Copies.

NO Swanimote from henceforth shall be kept within this our Realm, but thrice in the year; videlicet, the beginning of fifteen days afore Michaelmas, when that our Gest-takers, or Walkers of our Woods come to.gether to take Agestment in our demesne Woodt; and about the Feast of St. Martin [in the winter,] when that our Gest-takers shall receive our pawnage: And to these two Swanimotes shall come together our Foresters, Vierders, Gest-takers, and none other, by distress ; and the third Swanimote shall be kept in the beginning of fifteen days before the Feast of St. John Baptist, [wnen that our Gest-takers do meet to hunt our deer ;1 ] and at this Swanimote shall meet our Foresters, Vierders, and none oiher, by distress. Moreover, every fortv days through the year our Foresters and Vierders shall meet to see the Attachments of the Forest, as well for Greenhue, as for Hunting, by the Presentment of the same Foresters, and before them attached. And the said Swanimotes shall not be kept but within the Counties in which they have used to be kept.

EVERY Freeman may agest his own Wood within our Forest at his pleasure, and shall take his Pawnage. Also We do grant, that every Freeman may drive his Swine freely without impediment through our demesne Woods, for to agest them in their own Woods, or else where they will. And if the Swine of any Freeman lie one night within our Forest, there shall be no occasion taken thereof, whereby he may lose any thing of his own.

NO Man from henceforth shall lose either life or member for [killing *] of our Deer; but if any man be taken and convift for taking of our Venison, he shall make a grievous fine, if he have any thing whereof; and if he have nothing to lose, he shall be imprisoned a Year and a Day: and after the Year and Day expired, if he can find sufficient Sureties, he shall be delivered ; and if not, he shall abjure the Realm of England.

WHATSOEVER Archbishop, Bishop, Earl, or Ba.ron, coming to Us at our commandment, [passing by3] our Forest, it shall be lawful for him to take and kill one or two of our Deer, by view of our Forester, if he be present; or else he shall cause one to blow an horn for him, that he seem not to steal our Deer. And like.wise they shall do returning from Us, as it is aforesaid.

EVERY Freeman from henceforth, without [dan.ger,*] shall make in his own Wood, or in his Land, [or in his Water,'] which he hath within our Forest, [mills, springs, pools, marlpits, dykes,6] or earable ground, [without inclosing that earable ground,7] so that it be not to the annoyance of 'any of his Neighbours.

EVERY Freeman shall have, within his own Woods, Ayries of Hawks, Sparrow-hawks, Faulcons, Eagles, and Herons: and shall have also the Honey that is found within his Woods.

NO Forester from henceforth, which is not Forester in Fee, paying to us ferm for his Bailiwick, shall take any Chimmage or Toll within his Bailiwick ; but a Fo.rester in fee, paying us ferm for his Bailiwick, shall take Chimmage; that is to say, for carriage by Cart the half-year ij. d. and for another half-year ij. d. for an horse that beareth loads, every half-year, an half- peny, and by another half-year half a peny; and but of those only that come as Merchants [through his bailiwick*] by licence to buy bushes, timber, bark, coal, and (9) to sell it again at their pleasure ; but for none other Carriage by Cart ("Õ) Chimmage shall be taken; nor Chimmage shall not be taken, but in such places only where it (") hath been used to be ('Ô). Those which bear upon their backs brushment, bark, or coal to sell, though it be their living, shall (,J) pay no Chimmage [to our Foresters, except they take it within our demesne Woods.'*]

ALL that be Outlawed for the Forest only, since the time of King Henry our Grandfather, until our first Coronation, shall come to our peace without let: and shall find to Us, Sureties, that from henceforth they shall not trespass unto Us within our Forest.

1 for the fawning of our Doet% * hunting

1 passeth through 4 hindrance 5 Not in Original.

6 a Mill, Ft vary, Pool\ Marl-pit or Ditch,

7 without the Covert, in the earable Land,

* into his Bailiwick from without the same, 9 to draw it elsewhere 10 or load 11 ought and 11 of old time 13 henceforth

14 Set the Charter of the Forest a Hen. III., pa ar, line aj, of the Charter* of Liberties, preceding the Statute*, in this Volume.

Vol. L


vm

Swanimou*.

MicWlmU.

Martinmu.

MitUumiMr.

Court of AtUchmcntt.

IX.

Agutmcnt, and Pawnage.

X.

Deer-Ètealera.

XI.

WKat Deer Noblemen may take

XII.

Land,&c. of Freemen in the Foreit.

XIII. Ayriet of Hawki, &c.

Honey.

XIV.

Chymiuage.

Amount

thereof.

From whom.

Exemption*.

XV.

Pardon of Outlaw,.

XVI.

Pleas of the Forest.

General

Siring.

Observance of these Liberties.

Subsidy in respeft of this Charter and the Great Charter.

NO Constable, Castellan, or Bailiff shall hold Plea of Forest, neither for greenhue nor hunting; but every Forester in fee shall make Attachments for [Pleas1 ] of Forest, as well for greenhue as hunting, and shall present them to the Vierders of the Provinces ; and when they be enrolled and enclosed under the seals of the Vierders, they shall be presented to our chief [Justicers'J of our Forest, when [they *] shall come into those parts to hold the Pleas of the Forest, and before [them *3 they shall be determined. And these Liberties [of the Forest3]] we have granted to all men; Saving to (*) Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, Barons, Knights, and to (4) other persons, as well Spiritual as Temporal, Templers, (J) Hospitallers, their Liberties and free Customs, as well within the Forest as without, and in Warrens and other places, which they (6) have had.

[And all these Customs and Liberties aforesaid, which We have granted to be holden within this our Realm, on our part towards our men, all men of this our Realm, as well Spi.ritual as Temporal, shall observe on their part towards their men. And for this our Gift and Grant of these Liberties and of the other Liberties contained in our Great Charter of other Liberties, the Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, Barons, Knights, Freeholders, and other our Subjefts have given unto Us the fifteenth part of all their Moveables.Õ]

[And We have granted unto them, for Us and our Heirs, that neither We nor our Heirs shall procure or do any thing whereby the Liberties in this Charter contained shall be infringed or broken. And if any thing be procured by any person contrary to the premises, it shall be had of no force nor effect. These being Witnesses, Lord S. Archbishop of Canterbury, E. Bishop of London, J. of Bath, P. of Win.chester, H.of Lincoln, R of Salisbury, B. of Rochester, W. of Worcester, J. of Ely, H. of Hereford, R. of Chichester, W. of Exeter, Bishops ; the Abbot of St. Edmunds, the Abbot of St. AlbanÕs, the Abbot of Battel, the Abbot of St. Augus.tineÕs in Canterbury, the Abbot of Evesham, the Abbot of Westminster, the Abbot of Peterborough, the Abbot of Red.ing, the Abbot of Abyndon, the Abbot of Malmesbury, the Abbot of Wynchecumbe, the Abbot of Hyde, the Abbot of Chertsey, the Abbot of Shireburn, the Abbot of Cerne, the Abbot of Abbotsbury, the Abbot of Middleton, the Abbot of Seleby, the Abbot of Whyteby, the Abbot of Cirencester, H. de Burg Chief Justicer, R. Earl of Chester and Lincoln, W. Earl of Salisbury, W. Earl of Warren, G. de Clare Earl of Gloucester and Hertford, W. de Ferrers Earl of Derby, W. de Mandevill Earl of Essex, H. le Bygod Earl of Norfolk, W. Earl of Albemarle, H. Earl of Hereford, John Constable of Chester, Robert de Ros, Robert Fitzwalter, Robert de Vyponte, William Bygwere, Richard de Montfichet, Peter Fitzherbert, Matthew Fitzherbert, William de Aubeny, Ro.bert Gresly, Reginald de Breus, John de Monmouth, John Fitzalan, Hugh Mortimer, Walter Beauchamp, William Saint John, Peter de Mauly, Brian de Lisle, Thomas de Multon, Richard de Argenteyn, Geoffrey Nevill, William de Maudut, and John de Baiun and others. Given at Westminster the eleventh day of February in the ninth year of our Reign.

WE, Ratifying and approving the Gifts and Grants afore.said, do grant and confirm the same for Us and our Heirs, and by the tenor of these Presents, do renew the same: Willing and granting for Us and our Heirs, that the Charter aforesaid in all and singular its Articles for ever shall be firmly and inviolably observed ; even although any Article in the same Charter contained, yet hitherto peradventure hath not been kept. In Witness whereof We have caused these our Letters Patents to be made. Witness Edward our Son at Westminster the Twelfth day of Odlober in the Twenty-fifth Year of our Reign.8]

. plea 1 JusticerÑbeÑhim

1 of Forest * all

i and 6 before

1 Former Translations read only thus :

All these Liberties and Customs We, &c. as it followeth in the End of the Great Charter.

* Former Translations read only thus s

And We do confirm and ratifie these Gifts, &c. as in the end of the Great Charter specified, See.

Nullus [Constabulari91 ] Castellanus [vl alius'] te- neat ptita de foresta, sive de viridi, sive de venacione; set quilibet forestarius de feodo attachiet ptita de fo.resta, tam de viridi q*m de venacione, & ea psentet viridariis pvinciap; & cum inrotulata fuerint, & sub [sigillo3] viridariop inclusa, presentet' capital! fores- tario nro cum in ptes illas vertit ad tenendu ptita fo- reste, & coram eo terminentur. Has autem libertates de forestis [cocess - -4] omibj, salvis Archiepis, Epis, Abbatibj, Prioribj, Comitibj, Baroniby, Militibj, & aliis, tam psonis ecctiasticis, q*m secularibj, Tera- plariis, & [Hospitelariis,5] libertatibj, & liberis consue- tudinibj, in forestis & extra, in Warennis, & aliis, quas prius habuerunt. Omes autem istas consuetudines p>didas, & libertates, quas concessimus in regno nro tenendas, quantum ad nos ptinet erga nostros, Omes de regno nro, [tam ctici q*m laid,6] observent quantum ad se ptinet, erga suos. Pro hac [autem7] concessione & donacione libtatu istap, & aliap lifetatum contentap in majori carta nra de aliis libertatib3, Archiepi, Epi, Abbates, Priores, Comites, Barones, Milites, libere te- nentes, & omnes de regno nro, dederunt nob quintam decimam ptem omium mobiliu suop. Concessimus (8) eisdem p nob & heredib3 nris, qd nec nos, nec heredes nri, aliquid pquiremus, p quod libertates, in hac carta contente infringant', vel infirment'. Et si ab aliquo, aliquid cont* hoc pquisitu fuerit, nichil valeat, & p nullo heatur. Hiis Testib3: domino S. Cantuar Archiepo, E. London [Epo9] J. Bathon, P. Wyn.ton, H. Lincolnieii, R. Sap, B. Roff, W. Wygorn, J. Elien, H. Herefordeii, R. Cicestren, W. Exon, Epis. Abbe SCi Ednii, Abbate Sci Albani, Abbate de Bello, Abbe Sd Augustini Cantuar, Abbe de Evesh*m, Abbe de Westm, Abbate de Burgo Sci Petri, Abbate de Reding, Abbe de Abyndoii, Abbate de Malmesbur, Abbate de Wynchecumbe, Abbate de Hida, Abbate de Certeseye, Abbate de Shireburn, Abbate de Cerne, Abbate de Abbotesbir, Abbate de Middelton, Abbate de Seleby, Abbate de Whyteby, Abbate de Cirencestr. H. de Burgo Justiciar, R. Comite Cestr & Lincoln, W. Comite Sap, W. Comite Warenri, G. de Clare Comite Gloucestr & Hertford, W. de Ferrar Comite l)erfe, W. de Maundevill Comite Essex, H. le Bygod Comite Norff, W. Comite Aubemarl, H. Comite Hereford, Jo- hanne Constabulario Cestr, Robto de Ros, Robo filio Walri, Robo de Veteri Ponte, Wilio Bygwerf, Rico de Muntfichet, Petro filio Herbti, Matheo filio Herbti, Witto de Albiniaco, Robto Grest, Reginaldo de Breus, Johanne de Monemue, Johanne filio Alani, Hugone de Mortuo Mari, Walto de Bello Campo, Witto de Sco Johanne, Petro de Malo Lacu, Briano de Insula, Tho- ma de Multon, Rico de Argenteym, Galfrido de Ne- vitt, Wittmo Maudut & Jobe de Baiun, [& aliis.9] Dat apud Westm, undecimo die Feb? anno r. n. nono.

Nos autem donaciones & concessiones p'di&as ratas bentes & gratas, eas p nobis & heredib3 nris concedim9 & confirmamus, easq^ tenore pPsenciu innovam9: Volentes Sc concedentes, p nobis & herediby nris, qd carta pdiffa in omib3 & singut suis articulis imppetuu firmiter & inviolability observetur ; eciam si aliqui arriculi in eadem carta contend hucusq^ forsitan non fuerint observati. In cujus rei testimoniu has littas nostras fieri fecimus patentes. Teste Edwardo filio nro, apud Westm, duo.decimo die O&obris, anno r. n. vicesimo quinto.

Interlined on the Roll.ÑD. omits.

1 D. omits.

< cocessimš D. 6 D. omits.

* eciam D.

sigillis D.

> Hospitalariis D. 7 igÕ D.

È D. omits.

M.8.


Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 38.

(') DWARD par la grace de dieu, Roy Dengleterre Seignur Dirland, & Dues Daquitaine a toutz ceus qui cestes jpsentes lettres verront ou orront saluz. Sachiez nous al honeur de dieu, & de seinte eglise & au pfit de tut nre Roiaume, aver grante, pur no9 e pr nos heirs, qe la grand chartre des franchises & la chartre de la Forest les queles furent faites p comun assent de tut le Roiaume, en tens le Rey Henry,nre pere, seient tenuz en toutz leur pointz, Sanz nul blemisement. E voloms qe meismes celes chartres de suth nre seal, 6eient envoiez a nos Justices, ausibien de la forest, come as autres, e a toutz les Viscontes des Contez, & a toutz nos autres ministres, & a totes nos citees p mi la terre, ensemblemet ove nos briefs, en les queux €ra contenu qil facent les avantdites chartres pupplier, e qil facent dire au poeple qe no9 les avoms grauntees de tenir les en toutz leur pointz ; E a nos Justices, Vis.contes, Maires e autres ministres, qi la ley de la terre de south nous, & p no9, ount a guier, meismes les chartres en toutz leur pointz, en plez de vaunt eus, e en Juge- mentz les facent alower, cest asavoir la g*nd chartre des franchises come ley comune e la chartre de la forest solom lassise de la forest, al amendement de nre poeple.

E voloms q si nuls jugementz soient donez desore- mes, encontre les pointz des chartres avantdites, p Jus.tices & p autres nos ministres, qui contre les pointz des chartres tenent plez devant eus, seient defaitz e p' nient tenuz. E voloms qe mesmes celes chartres de suth nre seal seient envoiez as eglises cathedrales, parmi nre Roiaume & la demorgent. E seient deufoitz p an lues devant le poeple. E qe Ercevesques & Eves- ques doignent sentences du g*nt escomeng, contre toutz ceus qui contre les avantdites chartres vendront, en fait, ou en ayde, ou en conseil, ou nul point en- freindront, ou encontre vendront. E q celes sentences seiet denuncies e pupplies deufoitz par an p les avant- ditz prelatz. E si mesmes les prelatz Evesques, ou nul de eus, seient negligentz en la denunciacion susdite faire, p les Ercevesques de Canterbire & de Everwyk, qui pur tens serront, sicome covient, soient repris, & destreinz a mesme cele denunciacion faire en la fourme avauntdite. E pur ceo qe aucunes gentz de nre Roiaume se doutent qe les aides, e les mises, les queles il no9 ount fait avant ces oures, pur nos guerres & autres bosoignes, de leur g*nt, e leur bone volume, en quele manere qe faitz seient, pussent turner en svage a eus, e a leur heirs, p ce qil serroient autrefoitz tro- ^ez en roule, e ausi prises qe ont este faites par mi le Roiaume p nos ministres, en nre noun, avoms g*nte pur nous, & pur nos heirs, qe mes tieles aides, mises, ne prises, ne treroms a custume, pur nule chose qe soit fait, ou qe par roule ou en autre maniere peust estre trove.

E ausi avoms g*nte p' nous e p' nos heirs as Erce.vesques, Evesqs, Abbes, e Priurs, e as autres gentz de seinte eglise, & as Contes & Barons, & a tote la comunaute de la terre, q mes pur nule busoigne tieu manere des aides, mises, ne prises, de nre roi.aume ne prendroms, fors q p comun assent de tut le Roiaume, & a comun pfit de meisme le Roiaume, sauve les auncienes aides, & prises, dues & custumees.

* A Blank for the letter E.

F'DWARD, by the Grace of God, King of England, t.

j Lord of Ireland, and Duke of Guyan, To All those that these present Letters shall hear or see, Greeting, ciurten. Know Ye that We, to the honour of God, and of Holy Church, and to the Profit of our Realm, have granted for us and our Heirs, that the Charter of Liberties, and the Charter of the Forest, which were made by Common Assent of all the Realm, in the time of King Henry our Father, shall be kept in every point with.out breach. And We will that the same Charters shall be sent under our Seal, as well to our Justices of 1 ereo Õ the Forest, as to others, and to all Sheriffs of Shires, and to all our other Officers, and to all our Cities through.out the Realm, together with our Writs, in the which it shall be contained, that they cause the foresaid Char.ters to be published, and to declare to the People that We have confirmed them in all points; and [that Õ] our Justices, Sheriffs, Mayors, and other Ministers, which under Us (*) have the Laws of our Land to guide, [shall allow the said Charters pleaded before them in Judgment in all their points;J] that is to wit, the Great Charter as the Common Law, and the Char.ter of the Forest (4) for the Wealth of our Realm.

AND We will, that if any Judgement be given from II. henceforth contrary to the points of the Charters afore- said by the Justices, or by any other our Ministers that e

hold Plea before them against the points of the Charters, TOid. it shall be undone and holden for nought.

AND We will, that the same Charters shall be sent, under our Seal, to Cathedral Churches throughout our Realm, there to remain, and shall be read before the People two times by the year.

III.

The Charter* ¥hall be read

in the Cathedral*.

AND that all Archbishops and Bishops shall pronounce the Sentence of (J) Excommunication against all those that by [Word,] Deed, (6) or Counsel do contrary to the foresaid Charters, or that in any point break or undo them. And that the said Curses be twice a year de.nounced and published by the Prelates aforesaid. And if the same Prelates, (7) or any of them be remiss in the Denunciation of the said Sentences, the Archbishops of Canterbury and York for the time being (') shall compel and distrein them [to the execution of their dutiesÕ] in form aforesaid.

IV.

The Breaker*

of the

Charter* *hall be excom.municated.

AND for so much as divers People of our Realm are v. in fear, that the Aids and Tasks which they have given Aids, Tut*, to Us beforetime towards our wars and other business, and Pn**'s of their own grant and good will, howsoever they were to

made, might turn to a Bondage to them and their Heirs, ,;,*]) not be because they might be at another time found in the taken for a Rolls, and [likewise for,0] the Prises taken throughout t'u,tora- the Realm by our Ministers ("); We have granted for Us and our Heirs, that We shall not draw such Aids,

Tasks, nor Prises into a Custom, for any thing that hath been done heretofore, [be it by Roll or any other Precedent that may be founden."]

MOREOVER we have granted for Us and our Heirs as well to Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, and other Folk of Holy Church, as also to Earls, Barons, and to all the Communalty of the Land, that for no business from henceforth we shall take (Õ3) such manner of Aids, Tasks, nor Prises, but by the common assent of the Realm, and for the common profit thereof, saving the ancient Aids and Prises due and accustomed.

I t0 1 and by Us

3 that they allow the same Charters in all their points, in Pleas before them, and in Judgements ;

4 according to the Assize of the Forest,

s great 6 ^

7 Bishops, Ò as is fitting

9 to make that denunciation

,0 so likewise " in our name

II or that may be found by Roll or in any other manner,

11 of our Realm

VI.

No Aids or Prises shall be taken but by Consent of the Realm.


124

25¡ Edw. I. Confirmatio Cart arum, c. 7.

AD.V&t

VII. A Reltut of Toll for Wool.

Saving the

Custom

granted.

The KingÕ* Pardon to Humfrey de Bohun and othera.

AND for so much as the more part of the Commu- nalty of the Realm find themselves sore grieved with the [Maletent'] of Woolls, that is to wit, a Toll of Forty Shillings for every Sack of Wooll, and have made pe.tition to Us to release the same; We at their requests have clearly released it, and have granted [for Us and our Heirs] that we shall not take [such things *] without their common assent and good will; Saving to Us and our Heirs the Custom of Woolls, Skins, and Leather, granted before by the Communalty aforesaid. In Witness of which things we have caused these our Letters to be be made Patents. Witness Edward our Son at London the tenth Day of O(Sober, the Five and twentieth Year of our Reign.

And Be it Remembered that this same Charter, in the same Terms, word for word, was sealed in Flanders undeT the KingÕs Great Seal, that is to say, at Ghent the fifth day of November in the twenty-fifth year of the Reign of our afore.said Lord the King, and sent into England.*

' unjvit Toll * tuch thing nor any other

¥ See the Charters of Liberties, preceding the Statutes in this Volume, page 37.

E pr ceo q tut le plus de la comunaute del roiaume se sentent durement grevez, de la male toute des leines, cest asavoir de chescun sak de leine quarante soudz, e no9 ont prie que nous les vousissoms relesser, nous a leur priere les avoms pleinement relesse, E avoms g*nte qe cele, ne autre, mes ne prendroms sanz lour comun assent, e leur bone volume ; sauve a no9 e a nos heirs la custume des leines, peaus, e quirs, avant g'ntez p la comunaute du Roiaume avauntdit. En tesmoignance de queux choses, no9 avoms fait faire cestes nos Ires ov*tes. Tesmoigne Edward nre fitz a Londres le disme jour de O&obr, Lan de nre regne vintisme Quynt.

E fet a remembrer qe meisme ceste chartre, suth meismes les paroles, de mot en mot, fust sele en Flaun- dres, de suth le g*nt seal le Rey, cest asaver a Gaunt, le quint Jour de Novembr, Lan del regne lavantdit nre seignur le Rey vintisime q'nt, e envee en Engleterre.

EDWARD by the grace of God King of England, Lord of Ireland, and Duke of Guyan, to all who shall see or hear these present Letters, Greeting: Know Ye, That Whereas on the behalf of our well beloved and tTusty Humfrey de Bo- hun Earl of Hereford and Essex, and Constable of England, and RogeT Bygod Earl of Norfolk and Marshal of England, it hath been given us to understand that they fear lest We have conceived rancour and indignation against them, for cer.tain Disobediencies that they have heretofore done, as is said, in that they came not to Us at our Commandment, and, as is said, had disturbed and delayed some of our commands, and certain Alliances and Assemblies of armed People made, against our Will and Prohibition: We, considering that from the things aforesaid, no Offence hath ensued, whatever may have been said thereof, at the special request and prayer of Edward our dear Son and Lieutenant in England, and of the Honourable Fathers William Bishop of Ely, William Bishop of Bath and Wells, Richard Bishop of London, Walter Bi.shop of Coventry and Lichfield, and Henry ele& of York, and of our trusty and well beloved Edmund Earl of Cornwall, John Warren Earl of Surrey and Sussex, William Beauchamp Earl of Warwick, and of others of our Council abiding in England with our aforesaid Son, do release and fully pardon to the said Earls, and to John de Ferrers and all their fol.lowers, and all their allies, all manner of Rancour and Indig.nation which We had conceived against them, if any there were for the causes aforesaid, or any of them: so that none of them the said Earls or John de Ferrers nor any of their followers nor Allies aforesaid, shall be challenged, troubled, or grieved by Us, nor by our Heirs at any time for any of the matters aforesaid. And We do also pardon and release to all others of our Realm, who were summoned or requested to pass with us and passed not, all manner of Rancour and In.dignation, if any We had conceived against them for the cause aforesaid. In Witness whereof We have caused these our Letters Patents to be made. Given at Ghent, the Fifth day of November in the Twenty-fifth year of our Reign.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 38.

(') DWARD par la Grace de dieu Roi Dengleterre Seignur Dirland & Dues Daquitaine, a toutz ceux qui cestes p'sentes lettres verront ou orront salus. Sachiez, qe come de par nos amez & feaux Humfrey de Bohun Conte de Hereford & de Essex, & Conestable Dengle.terre, & Roger Bygod Conte de Norff & Mareschal Dengleterre, no9 seit fet entendaunt, qil se douterent qe no9 eussiens conceu vers eux rancour & indignacion, pr aucunes desobessances qil avoient fetes ne ad geres, a ceo qe horn disoit, en ce qil ne vindrent pas a no9 a nre comandement, & a ce q horn disoit qil avoient aucuns de nos comandementz desturbez & targez, & aucunes aliances & assemblees des gentz darmes faites contre nre volunte & defense : Nous regardantz q des choses avantdites nul meffait nest par eus sui, uncore, coment qe paroles eent este dittez, a la requeste & priere especiale de Edward nre chier fuiz, it. nre lieu- tenant en Engleterre, & des honurables peres Willame

F.vesk de Ely, Willame Evesq de Ba & de Welles, Richard Evesqe de Londr, Wau? Evesq de Coventr & de Lychefeld, & Henry elit de EvVyk, & des nos amez & feaux Edmond Conte de Comwaitt, Johan de Garenn Conte de Surreye & de Sussex, Willame de Beauchamp Conte de Warrewyk, & des autres de nre conseil demorantz en Engleterre pres de lavantdit nre fuiz, releissoms & pdonoms pleinemet as ditz Contes, & a Johan de Ferrers, & a toutz leur menengs, & toutz leur aliez, tote manere de rancour, & de indig.nacion qui no9 avoms conceu v's eus, si nule ensoit p les enchesons avantdites, ou nule de eles: Issint qe nul des ditz Contes, ne Joh*n de Ferrers, ne nul de leur menengs, ne de leur aliez avantditz, ne soient cha- lengez, encheisonez, ne grevez par nous ne par nos heirs en nul temps, pr nule des choses avantdites. E ausi pdonoms & releissoms a toutz autres de nre Roi.aume, qui furent somonz, ou priez de passer ovesq no9, & ne passerent, totes maneres de rancour & de indignacion, si nule eussiens conceu vers eus p cele encheison. En tesmoignance des queux choses, nous avoms fait faire cestes nos ires overtes. Donees a Gaunt le quint jour de Novembr Lan de nre regne vintisme Quint.

Goa gJe

' A Blank for the Letter E.

&tatutu De XallagÕ.

A STATUTE concerning TALLAGE.*

Ex MS. 377. in Coll. Corf. Cbristi, CantabÕ.

NULLUM Tallagiu vel auxilium p nos vel hered nros (1) in regno nostro [ponatr 1 ] seu levet' sine .oluntate & assensu [tocius7] Archie{k>j>, Epop, (Ô) Com, Baronu, Milif, Burg, & alioij lifcojs [holu7] [de6] regno nro. Nullus Minister nost vel hedum nfo£ capiat blada (1) correa aut aliqua alia bona [alicujus*] sine volutate & assensu illius cujus fuerint (9) bona. Nictl capiat' dece?o noie vel occ&ne [maletote lo] de sacco lane. Volum9 (") & concedimus p nobis & hed nostris qd omnes ctici & laici de regno nostro fteant omnes leges & libtates & libas cons suas, ita libere & integr' sicut eas aliq¡ tepe melius & plenius bere con- suevnt; & si con* [eas vel eap quocuq, articto '*] in p>senl Carta content statuta fuerint edita p nos [& ,J] antecf nros vel consuetudines [int¡duttas,14] volumus & concedimus qd hu9i cons & statuta vacua & nulla sint imppetuu. Remisim9 eciam Humfrid de Bou Comiti Hereford (,5) Constabular Angt, & Rogo Bigot Com Nor if" (l6) Maress'att Angt, & aliis Comif, Bar, Milif, Armigis, & J. de Ferreres ac omnibt aliis de eop societate confederacoe & concordia existent, necno & omnib} [xl. ti,?] ?re tenentibus in regno nostro, sive de nobis [teneant Õ*] in capite sive de alio quocumq,, (Õ¥) ad t'nsfretand nobiscu in Flandr ?to die [vocatis,10] rancorem (Ó) & malatn voluntate [q'm ex causis sup1- dCis erga [nos11 ] fcuim9,17] ac & t'nsgressiones si quas nobis vel nostris fe^int, usq, ad p*sent carte confecciSm: & ad majore huj9 rei securitatem volum9 & concedim9 [& hedes nost'14] qd omnes Archiepi, (Ò) Epi, (l6) imppetuu in suis cathedralibj eccfiis [bitantib3 present carta left a,17] excoicent [& puplice Õ*] in singulis poch eKfiis suaj dioCI excoicare seu excoicatos denunciare (Ò9) bis in anno omnes [illos7¡] qui con* tenore p*senris Carte vim & effcm, [quoquo m" arte vt ingenio scienter fecint aut fieri pcuravW.*1] In cujus rei testimoniu presenti Carte sigitt nrm est appens unacum sigillis Archiepo^, Epoj>, (Ò) Com, Baronu, & alioru qui sponte juravW qd tenorem p*senf Carte, [q*m Ó] in eis est, in omnibj [causis7*] & singulis artidis [servabnt,77] & ad (76) ob?vac6m (Ó) auxiliu fidele pstabunt [&c.7*] (n).

1 de cetero H. 1 imponatur Hj MS. Cott. 3 communi H. 4 et aliorum IÕrclatorum H.ÑAbbatu, Prioru, MS. Cott.

J com jB. 6 in H. > lanas H.

8 cujuscunque H: MS. Cott. 9 hujusmodi H.

"> maletoute MS.Rawh, B.Ñmalae toltae H. " eciam H.

11 illas vel quemcunque articulum H. 43 vel per H.

14 introdu&x H: B: MS. Cott.

11 & Essex MSS.Rawl. is* Cott: H: B.

16 et Suff~ MS. Rawl: B.

>; / v*8*nt* B MSS. Raw/. £s" CottÑxx1' libratas H.

\_viginti libratas B. '* H \ MS. Cott. omit. ¥Ç qui II.

40 notato vocati fuerunt & non venerunt H. 11 nostrum H. 14 eos H.Ñvos MS. Cott. 43 erga nos habitam B.

44 8cc. MS. Cott: B. omits.Ñpro nobis 8c heredibus nostris H.

41 et H. B. 46 Anglia: H.

.7 habita presenti carta Sc lefta, H. 48 publice et H.

Ô3 faciant H. 3¡ H. omits.

in quocunque articulo scienter fecerint aut fieri pro- curaverint quoquomodo H.

quoquomš vel articto scienter fecerint aut fieri pro.cure vint MS. Cott: B. 34 Abbatu, MS.Cott.

Ó quatenui H. 54 casibus MS. Cott.ÑH. omits.

37 observabunt H. 36 ejus H.

33 consilium suum et H. 38 in perpetuom. //.

39 Et omnia ista sc'bant' in Magna Carta & Carta de Foresta MS. Cott.

NO Tallage or Aid shall be [taken'] or levied by Us or our Heirs in our Realm, without the good will and Assent of (*) Archbishops, Bishops, Earls, Ba.rons, Knights, Burgesses, and other [Freemen of the Land.7] No Officer of ours, or of our Heirs, shall take Com, [Leather, Cattle,4] or any other Goods, of any manner of Person, without the good will and Assent of the Party to whom the Goods belonged. Nothing from henceforth shall be taken [of Sacks of Wooll, by colour or occasion of male-tent.7] We will and grant for Us and our Heirs, that all Clerks and Laymen of our Land shall have (#) their Laws, Liberties, and free Customs, as largely and wholly as they have used to have the same at any time when they had them best (Õ) ; and if any Statutes have been made by us or our Ancestors, or any Customs brought in contrary to them, or any manner of Article contained in this present Charter, We will and grant, that such manner of Statutes and Customs shall be void and frustrate for evermore. Moreover, We have pardoned Humfrey Bohun Earl of Hereford and Essex, Constable of England, Roger (*) Earl of Norfolk and Suffolk, Marshal of England, and other Earls, Barons, Knights, Esquires, and namely John de Ferariis, with all other being of their Fellowship, Confederacy, and Bond, and also to all other that hold xx. pound Land in our Realm, whether they hold of Us in chief, or of other, that were appointed at a Day certain to pass over with Us into Flanders, the Rancour and Evil-will [born against us,9] and all other Offences ("Õ) that they have done against us(") unto the making of this present Charter: And for the more assurance of this thing, We will and grant, (Ó) that all Archbishops and Bishops for ever [shall read this present Charter in their Cathe.dral Churches twice in the Year, and upon the reading thereof in every of their Parish Churches, shall openly denounce accursed,J] all those that willingly do ('*) pro.cure to be done any thing contrary to the Tenor, Force, and Effeft of this present Charter in any Point and Ar.ticle. In Witness of which Thing We have set our Seal to this present Charter, together with the Seals of the Archbishops, Bishops, [&c.IJ] which voluntarily have sworn that, as much as in them is, they shall ob.serve the Tenor of this present Charter in all Causes and Articles, and shall extend their faithful Aid to the keep.ing thereof: &c.

4 laid Õ the

3 Free Commons of our Realm. * Wool, Leather 1 in the name or by occasion of Maletoute of a Sicke of Wool,

6 all 7 and most fully 8 Bigot

9 which for the aforetaid causes we conceived against them 40 if any 41 or ourt

44 for ourselves and our Heirs,

47 in their Cathedral Churches, this present Charter being first read, shall excommunicate, and publicly in the several Parish Churches of their Dioceses, shall cause to be excommunicated, or to be declared excommu.nicated twice in the year,

44 or

47 Earls, Barons, and others

In the Printed Copies of the Statutes, this is intituled, 4 Statutum do Tallagio non concedendo; and in the Translations * ^ Statute T£Tg certa4n Liberties granted by the King to his Commons ;4 In MS. Cott XXV. fo. 7, 1 Nova addirio Cartsrum In the Chronicle of Walter de Hemingford, printed by Heame ( Oxford 1731. pa 141) 4 Articuli inserti in Magna Car-a f See Blackstone s Cna-ters. Introd. P7' (+4¡ edit.) note b. The Various Readings marked MS. Raw/, are from the Rawliosou Manuscript 276 ; Thore m trVc.l H. are from

t e Copy in HemingfordÕs Chronicle, wherewith agrees Knighton's Chronicle ; and tlujse marked B. are from 4 Secuuda Pars Vetrrum Statu- orum printed by Berthelet in icaj. In some printed Copies of the Statutes, and in 1 Inst, tji, this Statute is attributed to the 34th year of King Edward I,

VOL. I.

K k

I.

No Tallage or Aid without Assent of Parliament.

II. No

Purveyance without the Owner's Assent.

III. No Maie-lolt.

IV.

All Law.,

Liberties, and Customs, confirmed.

V. Pardon granted to certain Offenders.

VI. Excom.munication shall be pronounced against the Breakers of this Charter.


fcententfa late super Confirmartone Cartarum.

The SENTENCE of the CLERGY Given on the Confirmation of the Charters.

IN the Name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, Amen. Whereas our Sovereign Lord the King to the Honor of God and of Holy Church, and for the common profit of the Realm hath granted for him and his Heirs [for ever these Articles above written;'] [Robert *] Archbishop of Canterbury Primate of all England [admonished all his Province once, twice and thrice; because that shortness will not suffer so much delay as to give knowledge to all the People of England of these Presents in writing: We therefore enjoyn All Persons, of what Estate soever they be,1] that they and every of them, as much as in them is, shall uphold and maintain these [Articles4] granted by our Sovereign Lord the King in all points: And all those (J) that in any point do (6) resist or break, or in any manner hereafter procure, counsel, or in any wise assent to resist or break [those Ordinances,7] or go about it, by word or deed, openly or privily by any manner of pretence or colour, We the foresaid [Archbishop,*] by our Authority in this Writing expressed, do excommu.nicate and accurse, and from the Body of our Lord Jesus Christ and from all the Company of Heaven, and from all the Sacraments of Holy Church do sequester and exclude. So be it.

' to it kept in bit Realm, for ever, the thing! hereafter written t Here let the Charter!, lie. he read.

1 We, Robert of Winchehea, bj the Grace of God,

1 do admonith once, twice, thrice, tince that the ihortnea of time allowetb no longer delay, All Men of the Realm of England, and every of them, of what Ejtate or Condition toever they be,

4 Thing! 5 and every of them

6 at any time 1 the tame,

' Robert, Archbuhop of Canterbury and Primate of all England,

Ex MS. Harl. 667./a. 14.

EN le noun del pere & del fiz, & del seynt espirit, Amen. Cu nre Seignur le Roy al honur de dieu e de seint Eglise, & al cornu profit de sun Realme, ad grante pur li e pur ses heires a tenir en sun Realme a touz jours les choses susescrites; Hie legantur Carte etS. Robert de Wynchelsee, p la grace de dieu Arcevesk de Canterbire e primat de tote Engle- tere, amonestums unefethe deufethe treisfethe, puys qe la brevete de tens plus lung delay ne sufire, touz ceus du Realme de Engletere, e chescun de eus, de quel estat ou de quele condidoun quil seient, qe touz e chescun de eus, tant cum en eus est, cestes choses grantez p nre Seignur le Roy avantdit, degnent e meyntenent enterement en touz lour poynz: E [qe eus ne nul de eus'] encoutre viegnent, ne enfreynent en nul poynt, en nul tens, ou procurut, ou conseil- lerunt, ou en nul manere assenterunt de countrevenir, ou conseillerunt de fet (*) de dit aptement ou cover- tement p nule manere de colour; Nous avantdit Robert Arcevesk de Canterbire e Primat de tote Engle.tere p nre au&orite en cest escrit Escomertgons e del cors nre Seignur Jfiu Crist, & de tote la cupeynie du del, e de touz les sacremenz de seynt Eglise seve- roms: fiat, fiat, Amen.

¥ touz ceuz, et chescun de eux, que ÒI m ^

Anno 27¡ EDWARDI, I. A.D.1299.

Sitatiitum He ifintbus 3Letoatt&.

The STATUTE of FINES LEVIED.*

Ex Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 37.

EDWARDUS dei gra Rex Angl Dns Hibri & Dux Aquitanii Vicecomiti Lancastr saltm. Cum nup ante t*nsfretacoem nram in Flandr, apud Westm, nos hentes res pedum ad [g*ta € Ñ'] misas & expensas, que populus regni nri (Õ) fe?at & sustinSat diPsis modis p nob, tarn tempore pads q* guerre, tluissemus non mo- dicam voluntatem & desideriu, populu ipm respite put tunc temporis potuim9; concessim9 eidem populo de nfa ppria voluntate, p nob & heredibj nris, qd magna carta de libertatiby observet' in omibj pundis suis; & simili? carta de foresta €vetr, salvis tamen juramento nro, jure corone nre, & racionibj nris, ac eciam aliojj: que qui- dem p veSabilem prem R. Archiepm Cantuar, ex pte nra & in nra Psencia tunc pnunciari fecim9; & deinde apud Odimere, in ipo passagio nro in Flandr, eandem concessionem, sub sigillo nro observari, Pcipiendo 1 grata servicia, L. * frequen? L.

¥ These Titles are from tire Printed Copies : no Title appears on the Roll.ÑAmong the Cottonian Manuscripts in the British Museum, Cotton Charters VII, 11, is preserved an Exemplification of this Statute under the Great Seal, direded to the Sheriffs of London, and marked Ò Examinat' p Civ. London.ÓÑThe Various Readings from this Exemplification are marked L.

UDWARD, by the Grace of God, King of England, Lord of Ireland and Duke of Guyan, to the Sheriff of Lancaster greeting. Whereas of late before our Passage into Flanders, We, being at Westminster, having regard unto the heavy charges and expences, which the People of our Realm had made and sustained in divers manners in our behalf, as well in time of Peace as War, had no small wish and desire to shew favour unto the same People, as far as We were able at that time ¥, and did grant unto the same People, of our own free will, for Us and our Heirs, That the Great Charter of Liberties should be observed in all its points; and likewise that the Charter of the Forest should be kept \ yet saving our Oath, the Right of our Crown, and our Exceptions, and those of others also : Which things We did then cause to be declared on our part and in our presence, by the Reverend Father Robert Archbishop of Canterbury ; and again at Odimere, in our way into Flanders, We gave command under our Seal, that the same Grant should be observed and holdcn throughout


mandavim9 & teneri p totu regnu nrm in quolibet Comitatu. Et quia a tempore illo, cif, p arucoem & dist'ccionem guerra^, eramus occupati multiplied? & dis- t*£K in diesis patÔis & longinquis, ppt quod scire ne- quivimus statum regni nri; Nos diebj istis quatenus nob vacat, nram continuantes primariam voluntatem, ftuimus deliberacftem sup concessione nra p>d2a; et ad honorem dei & see mat's ecciie, ac comodum tocius populi regni nn, Volum9 qd p>dca magna carta de lifc- tatibj obstrvetur in omib3 pun&is suis; et carta eciam de foresta, s2dm subsc'ptos articulos, qui sut tales:

Inquisicio vel visus de expeditacione canu existenciu in foresta, dece?o fiat, quando fieri debet regardu, scitt de ?cio anno in ?ciu annu, et tunc fiat p visum & tes- timoniu legal hoim, (') et ille cujus canis inventus fSit tunc non expeditatus, det p niia tres solidos. Et de- ce?o nullus bos capiatur p expeditacione. Talis autem fiat expeditacio p assiam [com Õ] qd tres ortelli [absci- dant'1] sine pelota de pede antiori. Nec expeditent' canes deceto nisi in locis ubi consueverunt expeditari, tempore prime Coronacionis (4) Regis H. avi nri. Nullus Forestarius vel Bedellus decePo fadat scotallas, vel colligat garbas vel avenam, vel bladum aliquod, vel agnos, vel porcellos, nec aliquam colledam [faciat. Et5] p visum & sacrin duodecim regardato^ quando facient [regardum tot6] forestarii ponant' ad forestas custo- diendas, quot ad illas custodiendas racionabili? viderint suffice. Nullum Swaynimotum deceto teneat' in regno nfo, nisi ter in anno, videlt in principio quindecim die£ ante festum Sci Michis, quando Agistatores nri cove- niunt, ad agistandu dtiicos boscos nros, et circa festum SCi Martini, quando Agistatores nri debent recipe pan- nagiu nrm; et ad ista duo Swaynimota coveniant fores.tarii, viridarii, & agistatores, & no alii p districcoem; et tcium Swaynimotu teneatur in inicio quindecim diep ante festum SCi Johis Bapte, p feonacione bestiajj nrap, et ad illud Swaynimotu tenendu coveniant forestarii, vi- rid & non alii p districcoem. Pretea singtis quadra- ginta diebj p totum annu, coveniant forestarii & viridarii ad vidend attachiamenta de foresta, tarn de viridi qÔ de venaefie, p presentacoem forestariop ipo£ & coram ipis attachiatis. Predca autem Swaynimota no teneant' nisi in Comitatibj in quib3 teneri consueverunt. Unus- quisq, liber homo agistet boscu suu in foresta p vo- Iuntate sua, & heat pannagiu suu. Concedim9 eciam qd unusquisqs liber homo duPe possit porcos suos p dnicum boscum nrm, libere & sine impedimento, ad agistand eos in boscis suis ppriis vel alibi ubi vol&it. Et si porci alicujus liberi hois, una node pno&a- v'int in foresta nra, non inde occonetur, unde aliquid de *uo pdat. Nullus deceto amittat vitam vel membra p venacione nra; [Et7] si quis captus fSit & covidus de capcione venadonis, g"vi? redimatr, si heat unde redimi possit; Si autem no heat unde redimi possit, jaceat in prisona nra p unu annu & unu diem Et si post unu annu & unu diem plegios invenire possit, exeat de prisona. Sin aute, abjuret regnu Angt. Quicumq^ Archiepus, Epus, Comes, vel Baro veniens ad nos ad mandatu nrm, t*nsierit p forestam nram, liceat d cape unam bestiam, vel duas, p visum forestarii si psens f&ir, sin autem, faciat comari, ne videatur furtive hoc fac?e.

8c no aliter, Rot. Stat. 23 Ed. I. [interlined ] .ÑL. omits.

Õ coiter LÑcomuni? [usitatam interlined.] Rat. Stat. 23 Ed. I.

1 abcindant' * jldci ~)

' flciatÈ & f Rot. Stat. te Ed. I.

regardum. Tot r set 3

* * Õ 6 7 In all these Instances L. reads as in the Text.

our whole Realm, in every County. And Because from that time forth, We have been manifoldly occupied and distra&ed by restraint and distress of Wars, in divers Countries and afar off, by reason whereof We could not know the state of our Realm ; We in these days so far as our leisure allows, perse.vering in our former intention, have deliberated upon our aforesaid Grant: And to the Honour of God and of our Holy Mother Church, and the good of the whole People of our Realm, We will that the aforesaid Great Charter of Liberties be observed in all its points; and the Charter of the Forest also, according to the under-written Articles, which are these.

The Enquiry or View for Lawing of Dogs within our Forest shall be made from henceforth when the Range is made, that is to say, from three year to three year ; and then it shall be done by the view and testimony of lawful men, and not otherwise; and he whose Dog is not lawed, and so found, shall pay for his Amercia.ment iij s.: And from hencefoith no Ox shall be taken for Lawing of Dogs. And such Lawing shall be done by the Assise commonly used, that is to say, that three claws of the fore foot shall be cut off [by the skin.1] But from henceforth such Lawing of Dogs shall not [be,1] but in places where it hath been accustomed from the time of the first Coronation of the foresaid King Henry our Grandfather. No Forester or Bedel from henceforth shall make Scotal, or gather garb, or oats, or any com, lamb, or pig, nor shall make any [Gathering, butJ] by the sight and upon the [view4] of the twelve Rangers, when they shall make their [range. So7] many Foresters shall be assigned to the keeping of the Forests, as reasonably shall seem sufficient for the keeping of the same. No Swanimote from henceforth shall be kept within this our Realm, but thrice in the year; videlicet, the beginning of fifteen days afore Mi.chaelmas, when that our Gest-takers, or Walkers of our Woods, come together to take Agestment in our demesne Woods; and about the Feast of St. Martin [in the winter,] when that our Gest-takers shall receive our pawnage: And to these two Swanimotes shall come together our Foresters, Vierders, Gest-takers, and none other, by distress; and the third Swanimote shall be kept in the beginning of fifteen days before the feast of St. John Baptist, [when that our Gest-takers do meet to hunt our deer ;6] and at this Swanimote shall meet our Foresters, Vierders, and none other, by distress. More.over, every forty Days through the year our Foresters and Vierders shall meet to see the Attachments of the Forest, as well for greenhue, as for hunting, by the Pre.sentment of the same Foresters, and before them at.tached. And the said Swanimotes shall not be kept but within the Counties in which they have used to be kept. Every Freeman may agest his own Wood within our Forest at his pleasure, and shall take his Pawnage. Also We do grant, that every Freeman may drive his Swine freely without impediment through our demesne Woods, for to agest them in their own Woods, or else where they will. And if the Swine of any Freeman lie one night within our Forest, there shall be no occasion taken thereof, whereby he may lose any thing of his own. No Man from henceforth shall lose either Life or Mem.ber for [killing7] of our Deer; but if any man be taken and convict for taking of our Venison, he shall make a grievous fine, if he have any thing whereof; and if he have nothing to lose, he shall be imprisoned a year and a day: and after the year and day ex.pired, if he can find sufficient Sureties, he shall be deli.vered; and if not, he shall abjure the Realm of England. Whatsoever Archbishop, Bishop, Earl, or Baron, com.ing to us at our commandment, [passing bv *] our Forest, it shall be lawful for him to take and kill one or two of our Deer, by view of our Forester, if he be present; or else he shall cause one to blow an horn for him, that he seem not to steal our Deer.

* without the Ball 1 gathering; and 5 range, so " hunting

2 he done 4 oath

l'for the fawning of our l)jei ¥ * passrth through


Gvnerel

Confirmation of the Great Charter: Confirmation of the Char.ter of the Forest, via. As to Lawing of Dogs.

Amercement

How Doge shall be lawed.

Foresters'

Collections.

Appointment of Foresters.

Swanimotes.

Michaelmas.

Martinmas,

Midsummer.

Courts of Attachments.

Agistments and lÕavvnage.

Deer-slcalers.

What Deer Noblemen may take.

Land, &c. of Freemen in the Forest.

Ayries of Hawks, &c.

Honey.

Chvminage.

Amount

thereof.

From whom.

Exemptions.

Pardon of Outlaws.

Pleas of the Forest.

I.

Exception to a Fine, that the Demandant was always seised, shall not be admitted.

9

And likewise they shall do returning from us, as it is aforesaid. Every Freeman from henceforth without danger,' ] shall make in his own wood, or in his land, Õor in his water,1] which he hath within our Forest, [mills, springs, pools, marl-pits, dikes,3 ] or earable ground, [without inclosing that earable ground,4] so that it be not to the annoyance of any of his neighbours. Every Freeman shall have, within his own Woods, Ayries of Hawks, Sparrow-hawks, Faulcons, Eagles, and Herons: and shall have also the Honey that is found within his Woods. No Forester from hence.forth, which is not Forester in fee, paying to Us ferm for his Bailiwick, shall take any Chimmage or Toll within his Bailiwick; but a Forester in fee, paying us ferm for his Bailiwick, shall take Chimmage; that is to say, for carriage by Cart the half-year ij d. and for an.other half-year ij d. for an horse that beareth loads, every half-year, an half-peny, and by another half year half a peny ; and but of those only that come as Mer.chants [through his Bailiwick5] by licence to buy bushes, timber, bark, coal, and (6) to sell it again at their Pleasure; but for none other carriage by Cart (7) Chimmage shall be taken ; nor Chimmage shall not be taken, but in such places only where it (*) hath been used to be (9). Those which bear upon their backs brushment, bark, or coal to sell, though it be their living, shall ('¡) pay no Chimmage [to our Fo.resters, except they take it within our demesne Woods.] All that be outlawed for the Forest only, since the time of King Henry our Grandfather, until our first Coro.nation, shall come to our peace without let: and shall find to us Suredes, that from henceforth they shall not trespass unto us within our Forest. No Constable, Castellan, or [Bailiff"] shall hold Plea of Forest, neither for greenhue nor hunting; but every Forester in Fee shall make Attachments for Pleas of Forest, as well for greenhue as hunting, and shall present them to the Vierders of the Provinces ; and when they be enrolled and enclosed under the seals of the Vierders, they shall be presented to our chief [Justicers "] of our Forest, when [they "] shall come into those parts to hold the Pleas of the Forest, and before [them'1] they shall be determined.Ó Which Articles abovesaid, We will to be stedfastly ob.served andholden: Willing nevertheless that Perambulation be made ; Saving always our Oath, the Right of our Crown, and our Exceptions and Challenges, and those of all other Persons : So that such Perambulation be reported unto Us, before that any execution or any thing else be done thereupon : Which Perambulation We will shall be made as aforesaid, as soon as may be after the businesses that we have in hand with the Messengers who are about to come from the Court of Rome; but which are indeed so arduous, that they not only concern Us and our Realm, but all Christendom ; and for the more sound consideration whereof We shall fully require the advice of our whole Council. And besides the making of our Crant of the premises, as it is expressed above. We have upon diligent meditation thought of certain Defeils in the Law, manifold Grievances and Oppressions, which in many other ways have been brought upon the People aforesaid in times past: And We are willing, upon those which occur to Us at present, towards the Relief and Benefit of the same People, for the certainty of the Law, to establish and set a Remedy in manner following.

FORASMUCH as Fines levied in our Court ought and do make an end of all matters, and therefore are called Fines [principally, where after waging of Batail,J] or the great Assise in their cases ever they hold the last and final place : And now by a certain time passed, as well in the time of King Henry of famous memory, our Grandfather, as in our time, the Parties of such Fines and their Heirs, contrary to the Laws (Ò) of our Realm of ancient time used, were admitted to adnul and

* hindrance * Not in Original.

3 a Mill, lrtvary, Pool, Marl-pit or Ditch

¥ without the Covert, in the earable Land,

3 into hit Bailiwicl from without the came

6 to draw it elsewhere t or load

8 ou%ht and 9 of old time

.š henceforth Ò other 11 JusticerÑheÑhim

18 chiefly when, next unto Trial by Battel Ò and Customs

Idem liceat eis in redeundo faSe, sicut f?d?m est. Unusquisq, liber homo dece?o sine occone faciat in bosco suo, vel in fra sua, quam bet in foresta, molen- dinu, vivariu, stagnu, marleram, fossatum, vel tram arabilem extÒ cooptum in fra arabili Ita qd non sit ad nocumentu alicuj9 vicini. Unusquisq^ liber homo heat in boscis suis aereas ancipitrum, Espvarioij & falconu, aquila^ & heyronu : Heat similif mel qd inventu fSit in boscis suis. Nullus Forestarius deceto, qui non sit Forestarius de feodo, firmam nob reddens p balliva sua, capiat chiminagiu aliquod in balliva sua. Forestarius autem de feodo, firmam nob reddens p balliva sua, ca.piat chiminagiu, videit p caretta p dimidiu annu duos denar, (') Pro equo qui portat sumagiu p dimidiu annu, obolu, & p aliu dimidiu annu obolu; et non nisi de illis qui de ext* battiam suam tanq,Ô n)catores ve- niiit, p licenciam suam in ballivam suam, ad buscam, maeremiu, corticem, vel carbonem emend, & alias ducend ad vendendu ubi vol8int. Et de nulla alia ca.retta, vel sumagio aliquo, chiminagiu capiatÕ. Et non capiatur chiminagiu, nisi in locis, in quiby antiquit9 capi solebat & debuit. Illi autem qui portant sup dorsum suu buscam, corticem, vel carbonem ad ven.dendu, qStis inde vivant, nullum decefo dent chimi.nagiu. Omnes Utlagati p foresta tantum a tempe JL Henrici avi nri, usq, ad primam coronacoem nram, veniant ad pacem nram sine impedimento, & salvos plegios inveniant, qd decefo no forisfacient nob de fo.resta nra. Nullus (*) Castellanus vel alius teneat placita de foresta, sive de viridi, sive de venacoe, set quilibet Forestarius de feodo attachiet placita de foresta, tam de viridi, q* de venacoe, & ea jPsentet Viridariis pvin- cia£, et cum irrotulata f8int, & sub sigitt Viridariop inclusa, fPsententÕ capitali Justic nro cum in ptes illas veSit ad tenendu placita foreste & coram eo rminent'.

Quos autem Artictos supradcos firmit & inviolabili? observari volum9 & teneri, volentes nichilomin9, qd pambulacio fiat; Salvis semp juramento nro, jure co- rone nre, & ronibj nris atq, calumpniis ac oTm aliop. [Ita qd pambulaco ilia nob reportetÕ anteq* aliqua execucio vt aliquid aliud inde fiat,3] quam quidem pambulacbem volum9 qd fiat, sicut fPdicit', ad cicius qd fieri pofit, post negocia que hemus expedienda cum nunciis qui de Romana Curia sunt venturi; que vero ita sunt ardua, qd non solu nos & regnu nrm set totam Xpianitatem contingunt, & ad ea sanius pfdtanda totum consiliu nrm here plenarie indigem9.

Et jp? concessions nram fcam sicut supius exp'mitÕ de fPmissis, diligenti meditacione pensaviin9 quosdam juris defeus, multimoda gÕvamina, & oppressiones, que pluribj aliis modis jpfato populo sunt illata temporibj retro- adtis ; Sc volum9 sup illis que nob occurebant ad fPsens, ad alleviacionem & comoditatem ejusdem populi, p legis ftitudine stabilire & remediu appoffe in hunc modum.

Quia Fines in Curia nra levati finem litibj debent impose & imponut, & ideo fines vocantur maxime cum post duellu & magnam assTam in suo casu ultimu locu & finalem teneant & ppetuu. Jamq, p aliquod tempus jPntfi, tam tempore clare memorie dni H. Regis pris nri, q* nro, ptese o^dem Finiu, & ea£ ptiu heredes, cont* leges & consuetudines regni antiquit9 usitatas sup hu- jusmodi finibj evacuandis & adnullandis admittebant',

1 & palium dimidiu annu duos denarios, Rot. Stat.25 Ed.I; L.

1 Constabulari9 [interlined] Rot. Stat. 23 Ed. I:ÑL, omits.

8 Interlined on the Roll:ÑL omits.


pponente* qd ante finem levatu, & tempe levacionis ejusdem & postea, petentes seu querentes, aut eop antecessores de tenementis, in Finibj contentis, aut de aliqua pte eopdem, semp fuerunt seisiti, et sic Fines hu- j9modi rite levati, p juratores pat'e, falso subornatos, & maliciose pcuratos, multociens evacuabant' & adnul- labant' minus juste : Volentes sup p'missis remediu adhibere, in pliamento nro apud Westm statuim9, qd dOe excepcoes seu responsiones, vel inquisicbes pat'e, sup hujusmodi excepcionibj seu responsionib} nullo modo cont* hujusmodi Reeogniciones & Fines decePo admittant'. Et volum9 qd statutum istud tarn locum tleat ad Fines prius levatos, qÔ impos?um levandos. Et videant Justiciarii qd note & Fines in Curiam im.post* um levandi, publice & solempni? legant', et qd placita intim cessent oino, et hoc fiat p duos dies in septimana, scdm discrecionem Justiciar.

Item ordinavim9 de concilio nro qd Vicecomites dece?o non oSent' de aliquibj exitibj levandis, nec aliquos levent, anteq1 exeant de Sc'cio p extÔ£tas Justic ibidem liberandas, et qd in ext'&is Justic singula capita oSent' de exitibj suis forisfdis sicut 8c de aSciamentis. Et si forsitan aliquis Vicecomes respondit de exitibj alicujus recognitoris vel plegii seu manucaptoris, p ipm appositi & in Cur nra retornati, qui ad soluc&em eo^- dem exituu seu aSciamentop tempe returni no sufficiat, idem Vicecomes ad Sc*cm nrm inde o8etr & respondeat. Et caveant sibi Vicecomites sub g*vi forisfSura, qd decePo faciant singulis tallias, de denariis quibuscumqs p p'ceptum nrm, p ipos Vicecomites & subditos suos receptis: Et qd non retornent alicubi n5la manucap- toj>, juratoj>, seu aliop, nisi ipi manucaptores, juratores seu alii, sfdin tenorem brium nrop, vicecomitibj inde diredlop, ad hoc legali? (') manifeste pmuniant'. Nec retornent aliqua noia plegiop, liberop holm, nisi ipi manifeste pleg se concesserunt. Et sup hoc statuim9, qd quolibet anno semel p annu mittant' unus Baronu & unus cticus de d£'o Sc'cio nro p singulos Coin Angt, ad imbriandu noia oim qui anno illo debita p riridam ceram ab eis exafta solverunt; et iidem Baro 8t cticus tallias illas videant & imbrient, et audiant & Eminent querelas sup vicecomites & ballivos corn* pm is s a venientes, & gÕvit puniant' transgressores.

Quia Vicecomites k alii temporibj retroattis latrones notorios & manifestos, k p morte hois & aliis feloniis [capto Ò] k imp'sonatos k qui non [repleg3] p plevi- nam dimiserunt, cont* formam statuti nri, de hiis qui sunt irreplegiabiles & qui non, nup editi, p quod ipi raa- lefcores [irrepleg'] sic replegiati, ad eop deliberacoem falso faciendam, juratores pat'e p se & amicos suos, ante adventu Justic itiSanciu, aut aliop, ad eop deli.beracoem assignatop pcurant k subomant, aliisq, mi- nantr, p quod tarn pp? metum vicecomitu k alio^, p talern plevinam illos dimittenciu, q1 timorem eo^- dem latronu, seu felonu sic liberatop, coram Justic ad gaolas deliberandas assignatis homicidia 8c latro- cinia suffocant3, 8c ipa sic concelata penitus remanent impunita: Nos p militate regni nri, 8c pace nra firmius observanda, statuim9 k ordinavim9, qd Justic ad assias capiend assignati, in singtis Com ubi capiut

' 1 captos L.

Õ sut replegiabiles L. Ç irreplegiabiles L.

defeat such [Fine,1] alledging, that before the Fine levied, and at the levying thereof, and since, the De.mandants or Plaintiffs, or their Ancestors, were alway seised of the Lands contained in the Fine, or of some parcel thereof; and so Fines lawfully levied were many times unjustly defeated and adnulled by Jurors of the Country falsly (') and maliciously procured ; We there- fore, intending to provide a Remedy in the Premises, in our Parliament at Westminster, have ordained, that such Exceptions, (Õ) Answers, or Inquisitions of the Coun.try (4) shall from henceforth in no wise be admitted contrary to such Recognizances or Fines. And further We will, that this Statute shall as well extend unto Fines heretofore levied, as to them that shall be levied hereafter. And let the Justices see that such Notes and Fines, as hereafter shall be levied in our Court, be read openly and solemnly, and that in the mean time all Pleas shall cease; and this must be at two certain days in the week, according to the discretion of the Justices.

WE have also ordained, by the advice of our Coun.cil, That from henceforth Sheriffs shall not be charged of any Issues to be levied, nor shall levy any before they pass out of the Exchequer, [there to be delivered by the Extreats of the Justices ;5] and that in the Ex.treats of Justices every head shall be charged for Issues forfeited, like as of Amerciaments. And if peradven- ture any Sheriff will answer for the Issues of any Re- cognisor, Pledge, or Mainpernor, by him [undertaken 6] and returned into our Court, which at the time of the Return is not able to pay such Issues or Amerciaments, the Sheriff shall be charged, and shall answer therefore in our Exchequer. And let the Sheriffs beware under Pain of great Forfeiture, that from henceforth they do make Tallies (Õ) of all such Money as they or their Officers have received by our Commandment: and that they do not return any where the Names of any Main.pernors, Jurors, or any other, except such Mainper.nors, Jurors, or others, according to the tenour of our Writs being dircded to the Sheriffs foi the same Cause, be lawfully and manifestly [impanelled š] thereupon. And they shall not return the names ot any Free.men as Pledges, without that ['hey will plainly con.sent and agree to the same.9] And hereupon We have enacted, that at one time certain every year, one Baron and one Clerk of our said Exchequer shall be sent through every Shire of England, to inroll the names of all such as have paid that yearÕs Debts exafted on them by green Wax ; and the same Baron and Clerk shall view all such Tallies, and inroll them ; and shall hear and determine Complaints made against Sheriffs [and their Clerks] and Bailiffs that have done contrary to the Premises, and the Offenders shall be grievously- punished.

FORASMUCH as Sheriffs and others heretofore have let out by Replevin common Felons, and openly defamed being taken and imprisoned for Murder and [Felony,19] and such as be not replevisable, contraiy to the Form of our Statute of Persons replevisable and not replevisable lately made; whereby such Transgressors not replevisable [be let out, and to deliver them "] de.ceitfully, before the coming of the Justices Errant, or other assigned for their Deliverance, [they procure '*] by themselves and by their Friends Jurors of the Country, and some they threat, whereby as well for fear of the Sheriff, and other that let them at large by Plevin, as for fear of the Thieves ('*) being so de.livered, before the Justices assigned for Gaol Deli.veries such Felonies and Murthers are concealed, and so being concealed, remain still unpunished : We, for the Utility of our Realm, and for the more assured conservation of our Peace, have provided and ordained, that Justices assigned to take Assises in every County

1 Fines * wbonud, 1 ,r

4 upon such'Exceptions or Answers,

5 by the Ext reals of the Justices, there to be delivered,

6 assigned 7 to every one,

n summoned 9 they have plainly agreed to become Pledges.

10 other Felonies, 11 being so replevied, to effeQ their Deliverance

11 do procure and suborn w or Felons

Fines shall be read in open Court.

II.

How Sheriffs shall be charged with Issues.

Sheriffs shall make Tallies of Payments. Return of Mainpernors, Jurors, and Pledges.

One Baron shall yearly in roll Payments in every County; and hear Complaints against Sheriffs.

in.

Justices of Assise shall be also Justices of Gaol, delivery.

[See St at Westm. I. chap j;.]

VOL. 1.

i. I


Such Juitirct ¥hall puniah

Sheriff* offending against t Weitm. i

Stat.

IV.

NUi Prim ¥hall be granted before one of the Judges of the Court where the Suit it commenced.

[SÇ Stat. Weetm. a. thap. 30]

where they do take Assises, as they be appointed, in.continent after the Assises taken, in the Shires, shall remain both together, if they be Lay; and if one of them be a Clerk, then one of the most discreet Knights of the Shire being associate to him that is a Layman, by our Writ shall deliver the Gaols of the Shires, as well within Liberties as without, of all manner of Pri.soners, after the form of the Gaol Deliveries of those Shires before time used. And the same Justices shall inquire then, if Sheriffs or any other have let out by Replevin Prisoners not replevisable, or have offended in any thing contrary to the Form of the foresaid Statute lately made at Westminster; and whom they shall find guilty, they shall chasten and punish in all things ac.cording to the form of the Statute aforesaid.

ALSO where We have provided, that none shall be impanelled any where out of the Shire where he is dwelling, in Recognizances, Enquests, and Juries, that have less than an hundred shillings of Land [or Rent,] whereby (') they (Õ) that have more Lands, by [too often appearing3] as well in our Exchequer, as before our Justices of either Bench, are much impoverished : We therefore, considering the intolerable Damage of our People, not only for the discharge of such Jurors, but also for the more speedy Ministration of Justice to all parties suing in our Court, have provided and or.dained, that Enquests and Recognisances determinable before Justices of either Bench, from henceforth shall be taken in time of Vacation, before any of the Justices before whom the Plea is brought, [being associate with *] one Knight of the same Shire where such En.quests shall pass, unless it be an Enquest that requireth great Examination: and so from henceforth in taking such Enquests, the Justices shall do as to them shall seem most expedient for the common Utility of our Realm, notwithstanding the Statute lately made at Westminster upon the taking of such Enquests, containing, that if any Enquests be taken contrary to the form of the said Statute, they should be of none Effeft.

And therefore We command you, firmly enjoining, that immediately and without any delay, you do cause to be read and published, in Cities, Boroughs, Market Towns, and other solemn Places through your whole Bailiwick, where it shall seem most expedient to you, all the aforesaid Articles, as those which We have granted and will to be holden and firmly observed in form aforesaid wholly and unshakenly ; and that all and singular the above written things you do cause to be made known to all Persons without delay. Witness the King at Westminster, the second day of April.

The like Statute, as far as the words Ç And therefore We command you,Ó 8cc.was sent to the under-written; namely;

To the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer;

To Roger de Brabazoun and his Companions, Justices assigned to hear and determine the lÕleas of the King ;

To John de Metingham and his Companions, Justices of the KingÕs Bench, with this Clause : Ò And therefore We com.mand you, that the aforesaid Charter Ye do cause to be read before you in the Bench aforesaid; and all and singular the aforesaid Articles, as those which We have granted and will to be kept, as far as they concern you and Parties pleading be.fore you, to be wholly and unshakenly observed. Witness the King at Westminster, the second day of April."

. as well * " ,leÒ

1 too frequent Summonses

* there being associate with him

assTas put ordinanf, statim post asslas captas in eis- dem Com, remaneant ambo si laid fuW, Et si unus ipop f5it cticus, tuc associato illi Justid qui laicus est uno de discrecioribj mib'tib} Comitatus illius, p bre nrm delibent gaolas in Coin illis, tarn infra litotes ql ext*, de p'soniby quibuscumq^ sddm form* delibera- cionis gaole Com illop haftenus usitatam. Et iidem Justid tunc inquirant, qui vicecomites & alii p'sones aliquos irreplegiabiles p plevinam dimiserunt, vel in ali- quo cont* formam statuti pddi nup apud Westm editi deliquerunt; et quos inde culpabiles inveSint, ipos in omib3 sddm formam statuti pddi puniant, & castigent.

Item cum statSim9 qd nullus ponatr alicubi ext* Com in inquisiebiby, recognic6il>3 & juratis aliquiby, qui min9 q* centum solidatas Pre heat, p quod tam ipi qÔ plus Pre ftentes pp? frequentes, tam ad Sc*dm ql coram Justic de utroq^ Banco, sumonicoes depaupant': Nos tantam intollerabilem populi nri ja&uram adPtentes, non solu ad eojdem juratop exorJacbem, set eda ad celerem ptib3 in Cur nra placitaniib3 justiciam exhiben- dam, statuim9 & ordinavim9, qd inquisicbes & recogni.ses, coram Justic? de utroq> Banco decePo adjudicande, capiant' tempore vacacbis coram aliquo Justic eopdem, coram quib3 placitu dedudtu fuit, associato illi uno milite Com illius, ubi tales inquisicbes eiSserint, nisi fSit inquisicio magna indigens examinacbe: et sic in hujusmodi inquisicbib3 capiendis decePo fiat put JustiC ad utilitatem regni nri potius esse viderint fadendu; non obstante statuto nup apud Westm sup inquisi- cbib3 capiend edito, continente qd si omissa forma in statuto illo ordinata, alique inquisicbes capiant', p nullis penit9 heant'.

Et ideo tibi pcip'm9 firmi? injungentes qd statim & sine ditone aliqua fad legi & publicari, in Civitatibj Burgis, villis nicatoriis & Iocis aliis solempnibj, p totam ballivam tuam, ubi melius videris expedire, omes artictos sup'dcos ut illos quos concessim9, ac teneri volum9, it, firmi? observari in forma pdda integre & inconcusse; ac omia & singula supÔsc'pta omib3 scire fad indilate. [T. fk'] apud Westm sedo die April (').

Consimile Statutum, usq, ibi, Et ideo tibi pcipimus, &c. missum fuit subsc'ptis, videlt.

Thes & Baronib3 de ScÔ?io.

Roglo le Brabanzoun & sociis suis Just id ad ptita P" audienda & Pminanda assignatis.

Johanni de Metingham & sociis suis [Justid de Banco Reg!] cum clausula ista : Et ideo vob mandam9 qd cartam pdcam coram vob in Banco p*ddo legi, & omes & singtos articulos supÕddos, ut illos quos concessim & teneri volum9, quaten9 vos & ptes coram vob pti- tantes contingunt, integre & inconcusse observari fa.cials. T. pk apud Westm sddo die April.

1 Teste me ipo L.

¥ Anno regni nri vicesimo septimo. L.

3 Interlined on the RolL

Go|j gJe

ORDINATIO

DE LIBERTATIBU8 PERQUIRENDIS.*

Ex Rot.Claus. 27 Edw. I. m. 14. d.

FAIT asavoir qe le Rois ordena a Westmonster le primer jour Davril, Lan de son regne vint e sep- tisme q ceux qui vouderont purchacer noveal Park, & gentz de Religioun qui vouderont tre ou tenement amortir, eient bref de la Chancelerie, pur enquere se- lonc les pointz acustumez en tieux choses: e ke les enquestes de Pre ou de tenement, qui vaille par an plus de vint souz p extente, soient retoumees al Eseheker, e la se face la fyn pur la mortissement ou pur le Park avoir, si les Enquestes overent pur ceux qui les pur- chacent: E dilueques soit maunde au Chaunceler ou a son lieu tenant ceo quil endevera faire. E des enquestes faites pur amortir Pre ou tenement, qui namountera p an outre vint souz p extente, & de vint souz en aual, veut le Roi q celes soient retournees au Chaunceler, ou a son lieu tenaunt, e quil preigne sur ceo renable fyn, selonc la q*ntite de la chose, & puis les delivre.

En meme la manere soit fait de ceux qui vouderont purchacer terres ou tenementz, qui sont tenuz du Roi en chef, Item gentz demorauntz la outre qui ont Pre ou rente en EnglePre, sil voillent purchacer lettres de pteccion, ou de generals attornetz, soient envoietz al Es- cheker & la facent leur fyn, E dilueques soit maunde au Chaunceller, ou a son lieu tenaunt ceo qil endevera faire.

En meisme la manere soit fait de ceux qui voude.ront purchacer feire, marche, garenne, ou autre f'nchise.

Item ceux qui vouderont purchacer atPmine- ment de leur dettes, soient envoietz al Eseheker.

Item gentz de noun poer a t*vailler, & gentz des Countez Lointeins de la Chauncelerie, qui pledent, ou sont empledetz, eient bref de la Chauncelerie, a aucun suffisant home qui receive les attornez, q*nt mestier est.

E pur remembrance de ces choses, est cete endenture faite en treis pties, dont la une demort en Chauncelerie. Lautre en Eschekier, & la tierce en Garderobe.

an ordinance

Or PURCHASING LIBERTIES.*

IT is to be Known, that the King ordained at Westminster the first day of April the seven and twentieth Year of his Reign, that such as would purchase a new Park, and Men of Religion that would amortize Lands or Tenements, should nave Writs out of the Chan.cery to enquire upon the Points accustomed in [all'] Things ; and that Enquests of Lands or Tenements that be worth yearly more than twenty Shillings, that is to wit, by extent, be returned into the Exchequer, and there to make Fine for the Amortisements, or for the Park having, if the Enquests do pass for him that pur.chased them : and after it shall be certified unto the Chancellor or his Deputy, (1) that he take a reasonable Fine therefore, (!) and after make Delivery.

In like manner they shall do, that will purchase Lands, or Tenements holden of the King in chief.

Also People dwelling beyond the Sea, that have Lands, [Tenements,] or Rents in England, if they will purchase Letters of Protection, or will make general Attorneys, they shall be sent unto the Exchequer, and there shall make their Fines, and from thence [shall be sent4] unto the Chancellor or his Deputy, for that which he ought to do therein.

In like manner they shall do, that will purchase any

Fair, Market, Warren, or any other Liberty. Also such as will purchase attermining of their Debts shall be sent into the Exchequer.

Also, such as be not able to travel, and People that dwell in far Countries from the Chancery, which plead or be impleaded, shall have a Writ out of the Chancery to some sufficient Man, that shall receive their Attorneys

when need is.

And for a Remembrance of these Things, there is an Indenture made, divided into three Parts, whereof one Part remaineth in the Chancery, another in the Exche.quer, and the third in the Wardrobe.

1 such

* *what he shall do therein ; And of Inquests made to amortize Land or Tenement which shall not amount by the year beyond twenty shillings by extent, and from twenty shillings downwards, the King willeth that Returns of these be made to the Chancellor or to his Deputy, and 1 according to the Quantity of the Thing,

4 it shall le certified

Writs of

Inquiry on amortising Land*.

Fine*

thereupon.

n.

Purchasing Land* holden in chief.

in.

Purchasing Protections, or making general Attorn ie*.

IV.

Purchasing of Liberties,

See.

V.

Altornies of sick Persons, See.

¥ These Titles are from The Old Printed Copies. In Berthelet's Secunda Pars Veterum Statutorum 153a, is a Copy of this Instrument more correfl than the Oldest Printed Copies, intituled Ô Statutum de terris & ten' amortizandis.Õ

S>tatutum De ifalea Sgtoneta.*

A STATUTE concerning FALSE MONEY.

Ex Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. *7.

EDWARD p la g*ce de dieu Roi Dengletre Seignur Dirland e Dues Daquitaine, a Viscunte de Suni- sete e Dorsete saluz. Pur ceo q nre Roiaume e les autres tVes de nre seignurie sunt replenis de div'se mauveises monees, que sunt appellez Pollardz, et Cro- kardz, e par autres nons, les queles sunt portees e mys en dit Roiaume, e aillours en nre poer, p diverse gentz de la outre, e la ein} despendues di9sement, a gÕnt dammage de nous, e de tout nre poeple; Nous p comun assentement des Prelatz, des Countes, e des Barouns, de meisme le Roiaume, avotns sur ceo ordene e establi remedye, solonc les articles qe sen suyent.

JpDWARD by the Grace of God, King of England, Lord of Ireland, and Duke of Aquitain, to the Sheriff of Somerset and Dorset, Greeting: Whereas our Kingdom and the other Lands of our Sovereignty, are filled with divers bad Monies, known by the names of Pollards and Crock- ards, and by other names, which are brought and left in the said Kingdom and elsewhere within our Jurisdiction, by divers Persons coming from abroad, and therein diversely dispersed, to the great damage of Us and all our People 5 We, by the common consent of the Prelates, Earls, and Barons of the same Realm, have thereupon ordained and established a Remedy, according to the Articles following.

* This Title is from the Printed Copies. No Title appear* on the Roll.


Falie Money ¥hall not be imported, under For. feiture of Life and Goodi

Appointment

of Warden* at the Port! to enforce thiÈ Afk.

Foreign Sterlings shall be delivered to the Wardens;

and examined by the Assayers.

False Money forfeited.

Wools, Tin, &c. shall be sold only for good Silver, Ac.

Coin, Silver- Plate, Ac. ¥hall not be exported.

First, That from henceforth no man ¥ shall bring such Monies into our said Kingdom, nor elsewhere within our Jurisdiction, under the Penalty of losing Life and Goods, and whatsoever else he can forfeit; So always, that all Persons of whatever Country or Nation they be, may safely bring unto our Ex.change all sorts of Money of good Silver, of whatever foreign Coin or of whatever value they be, without their being forfeit.

And Forasmuch as this Ordinance cannot avail if it be not well maintained ; It is ordained, that good and stri& watch be kept, in all places upon the Sea Coast, at the Ports, and elsewhere, where there is any coming from Abroad, by good and lawful men sworn ; who shall arrest those who bring such or other bad Monies, together with the Monies and every thing belonging to them, and shall send them to him or them who shall have power, on our behalf, to take charge of them. But such power, inasmuch as We are not yet advised what order shall be taken in respeft thereof, We have retained unto Ourselves. And concerning the Arrest aforesaid, We will that it be made after this manner; that is to say, that the Commonalty of each Port choose two good and lawful men of the same Port, for whom the Electors will be answerable, who, together with the Bailiffs of the same Port, shall arrest and search, faith.fully and without sparing, all those who shall arrive within their Wards, and all that they bring with them; and the Bo.dies of those, whom they shall find bringing such or other bad Monies, they shall send without delay to our chief Prison of the County wherein they land. And We will and command that the Keeper of the same Prison do detain and safely keep them, until We be informed of the manner of the Faft, and shall therein have made known our Pleasure. And the Money and other Silver, if any there be, the same Wardens ought to send and deliver unto our great Exchange ; and for other goods, to charge themselves, and answer at our Exchequer.

And Moreover, Whereas We have been informed that the good Sterling is counterfeited in foreign Parts with base and false metal, to the greater damage of our Realm afoiesaid, We have further ordained, that all who shall bring Sterlings from Abroad into the same Realm, or elsewhere within our Jurisdiction, shall and do deliver the same Sterlings to the said Wardens of the Ports where they shall land; and that the same Wardens, under their seals and the seals of those who bring them, and by the lawful testimony of the good men of the same Ports, shall send them forthwith, to the nearest Assayers, who shall be assigned by us to make the Assay of Money. And the same Wardens shall also send their Bodies with the Money, safely and courteously. And if the Assayers shall find the Money to be good and lawful in weight and in Silver, and in all ether things, according to the old standard of England, they shall forthwith free the Persons from Arrest, and deliver them their Money, which they have so brought; and if they be found false, they shall be forfeit, and their Bodies be at our pleasure.

Moreover, It is ordained, that from henceforth none of our Realm, nor within our Jurisdiction, shall sell or barter any Wools, Leather, Woolfells, Lead, or Tin, except for good and lawful Sterlings, or for Silver Plate, assayed and marked at our great Exchange; or in exchange for good and lawful and sufficient Merchandize: And if any doth the contrary, and be thereof attaint by the said Wardens, or by others of our Officers, that the things so sold or bartered shall be for.feit unto Us.

Further, It is ordained that no good Money of Silver, of our Coin or any other, nor any Silver in Plate or otherwise, shall go or be carried forth of our Realm, nor out of our Jurisdiction into foreign Parts, without our special Licence,

Primerement q nul desormes teles moneies ne pone en le dit nre Roiaume, ne aillours en nre poer, sur forfieture de vie e des biens, e de q*nt qil porra for- faire ; issint totevoies q totes gentz, de queq Pre ou de queq pais qil soient, puissent sauvement porter a nre chaunge totes maneres de moneies de bon argent, de queq coign, de la outre, ou de qque value qe eles soient, saunz ceo qe eles soient forfaites. E pur ceo q cest establisement valer ne porra, si bien ne soit mayntenu, ordene est q bone garde e estraite se face en touz les lieuz, sur la costere de la mer, es portz, e aillours, ou nule man!e de arivail est, p bons e loiaux juretz, q ceux qi teles ou autres mauveises moneis porteront, arresteient, ove meismes les moneies, e ove tout ceo qil averont, e q meismes ceux envoient a cely, ou a ceux, qi dep nous poer avera ou averont pur s-myse de eux. Mes cesti poer, pur ceo q no9 ne sumes pas uncore avises quele manere de myse no9 envoderoms faire, avoms no9 retenutz a no9 meismes. E voloms q*nt al arest avantdit, qil se face en cete manere, Cest asavoir, q la comunaute de chescun port ellise deux bons e loials homes de meismes le port, pur les queux les ellisours vouderont respondre, qi ove les baillifs de meismes le port arrestent e serchent loiaument e saunz desport touz ceuz qui ariveront deinz leur gardes, e tout ceo qil porteront; e les cots de ceux qil troveront, qi teles ou autres mauveises mo.neies averont portetz, envoient saunz delay a nre chef prison du counte en quel il serront arrivetz. E vo.loms e comaundoms, q le gardeyn de meisme la pri.son les reteyne, e sauvement les garde, taunt que no9 sacchoms la manere du fait, e q nous eoms sur ceo maunde nre volunte. E la moneye, e autre argent, si luy eit, deyvent meismes les gardeyns envoitr e liverer a nre g*nt chaunge, e des autres biens eux meismes charger, e respoundre a nre escheker. Dautre pt pur ceo q nous avoms entendu q len contrefait p de la le bon esPling de mauveis e de faus metal, pur plus grant dammage faire a nre.Roiaume avantdit, nous avoms ensement ordene, q touz ceuz qui esPlings porteront de la outre, en meisme le Roiaume, ou aillours en nre poer, deivent bailler, e baillent meismes ceux est lings, a ditz gardeins des portz, ou il arriveront; e q meismes ceux gardeins souz leur seaux, e souz les seaux de ceux qi les porteront, e p bon tesmoignage des bones gentz de meismes les portz, les envoient tauntost a pcheyns assaiours qi assignetz €ront dep nous pur le asay faire de la moneye. E deyvent meismes les gar.deyns envoier les cors ove les deners, sauvement e en curreise manere. E si les assaiours troussent les deners bons e loiaux en pois, e en argent, e en totes autres choses, solonc le veil estandard DenglePre, maynte- naunt desarrestent les cors, e leur deliverent les deners qil averont ensint portetz; e si fauses soient troves, forfaitz soient, e les cors a nre volunte. Derechef ordene est q nuls desormes de nre Roiaume, ne de nre poer, ne vende ne lesse laines, ne quirs, ne peaux, ne plum, ne estaim, forke pur bons e loiaux est"lings, ou pur plate de argent assaie e merche a nre g'nt chaunge, ou en eschaunge de bone, de loiale, e de sufhsant marchaundize; E si nul le fait autrement, e de ceo soit atteynt, p les ditz gardeyns ou p autres de nos ministres, qe les choses issint vendues, ou lessees, nous soient forfaites. Uncore est ordene q nule bone moneye de argent', de nre coign ne de autri, ne nul argent en plate ne en autre manere, ne isse, ne porte ne soit hors de nre Roiaume, ne hors de nre poer en les pties de la outre, saunz especiale conge de nous,


*?È

*n.

*ÇÇ

*Çk

ÕÒft

**È

šW|

*iej

ntil

Waj

tt8)J

akp

"kfa

tafe

tba

tba

utttj

unit i IÈ scijs

Dipt1

EffiS

*.'È'

kftfe

IRC

nrr

p&kk [bja os ra

pcs

WSSE

gfe

aš

mi

late

aš, ws pÇÇ is?

Bit! Ifl SB Mffit E$8' late us Da* *4*

pÈU

i{f

10*

be

41s

r*

up

JBffa

*Ç

sur la peyne desusdite. Et a cete chose garder, en- semblement ove Ies autres pointz avantditz, deyvent meismes les gardeyns mettre diligence e peine en totes les bones maneres qil porront. E ceux meismes gar.deyns, avant q il receivent la garde avandite, deyvent jurer devant les Viscuntes, ou devant leur chefs gar.deyns la ou il ne sunt a Viscuntes responantz, q il fe- ront e tenderont loiaument, e saunz nule Lascheste, tant com en eux est, tut ce qe a cete garde apartient, selonc la forme avantdite. E sil facent reles ou de.sport a nuly, pur doun, ou pur favour, ou en aucune autre manere, e de ceo soient atteynt, qil soient en for- faiture de vie, e de qÔnt qil ount. Derechef, com or- dene soit qil yeit table a Dovre e aliours ou nous ordeneroms passages Pteyns, pur chaunger despens ne. cesseires as alanz e as venantz, si avoms ja assigne Johan Bellard, Johan Galeys, e leur compaignons a tenir table a Dovre de p no9 de totes maneres de moneies. E voloms q il facent iloeques chaunge, pur despens necesseires as alauntz la outre, e as venaunz de dela, par vewe e tesmoignaunce de countrerolleour qe no9 y metteroms; E q totes gentz qe venderont de la outre, portaunz moneie qe curt en poer le Roi de F*nce, portent meisme la moneie a la dite table, e illoeques receyvent al avenaunt de la moneie q curt en nre roiaume. E sil soient trove nule pt aliours, ove tiele moneie, q meisme la moneie no9 soit forfaite, e le forfait tourne a la dite table a nostre oes.

Pur quoi no9 vous mandoms fermement enjoignantz, q mayntenaunt vewes cetes lettres, touz les articles e pointz avanditz facetz crier e publier, en Cites, e Burghs, Viles marchaundes, Portz, e touz autres lieux pmy vre bailie, la ou v9 verretz q soit afaire; E Gardeyns establir, e jurer e cete nre ordenaunce tenir e garder, en la forme desusdite, sur les peynes en meis. mes cete forme contenues. Don a Stebenheth le quin- zime jour de May, Lan de nre regne vint septisme.

Auteles lettres sunt envoies a toutz les Viscuntes Dengletre e as autres suzescritz, cest asavoir.

A Robt de Burghassh, Gardeyn de Cink Portz.

A Gardeyn de Berewyk.

A Reynaud de Grey, Justice de Cestre.

A Johan Wogan, Justice Dirlaund.

A Wau? de Pederton, Justice de Northgales.

A Johan de Having, Justice de Westgales.

A Otes de Graunzon, Gardeyn des Isles de Gerneseye e Jereseye, ou a son lieutenaunt.

Auteles lettres sunt envoies a touz les feaux baillifs, e ministres le Roi, as quieux cetes lettres venderont, ove la conclusion qe sen suyt. Pur quoi nous vo9 maun- doms fermement enjoignauntz qe, maintenaunt vewes cetes lettres, touz les articles c pointz avantditz facet chescun de vous en sa baillie crier e publier; e so- lonc ceo qe a vous e a chescun de vous apent tenir e garder, sur les peynes en la dite fourme contenues. E procheinement enverroms p tout nre roiaume nos lettres pleineremerit sur les choses avantdites. Don ut supra.

Auteles lettres sont envoies au Tresorer e as Barons del Escheker ove la conclusion qe sen suyt. Pur quoi no vo mandoms qe touz les Articles e pointz avant.ditz facetz tenir e garder, sur les peines en la dite forme contenues. Don sicom a desus.

under the Pain abovesaid. And for the due Observance of this Matter, together with the other Points aforesaid, the same Wardens shall use their diligence and labour by all proper means in their power. And the same Wardens before they receive their charge aforesaid, ought to make Oath before the Sheriffs, or before their chief Wardens in places where they are not answerable to the Sheriffs, that they will do and observe faithfully and without any negledi, as much as in them lieth, all that belongeth to their charge, according to the Form aforesaid. And if they release or spare any man for Gift or Favour, or in any other manner, and be thereof attaint, they shall Õincur the forfeiture of Life, and of all that they possess.

Moreover as it hath been ordained, that there should be a Table at Dover and elsewhere, where We shall direct the constant passing to be, for giving change for the necessary expences of those who go and come; We have therefore as.signed John Bellard, John Galeys, and their Companions, to keep the Table at Dover on our behalf for all sorts of Monies. And We will that they do there give change for necessary expences, to those who are going Abroad, and to those who are coming from thence, by the view and testimony of the Controller, whom We shall place there ; and that all Persons who shall come from Abroad, bringing with them Money current within the Jurisdi&ion of the King of France, shall take the same Money to the said Table, and shall there re.ceive to the amount, in Money current within our Realm. And if they be found in any other place with such Money, that the same Money shall be forfeit unto Us, and the For.feiture shall be sent to the said Table for our use.

Wherefore We command you firmly enjoining, that forth.with upon sight of these letters, all the Articles and Points aforesaid you do cause to be proclaimed and published in Cities and Boroughs, Market Towns, Ports, and all other Places throughout your Bailiwick, where you shall think it meet to be done; and Wardens to be appointed and sworn, and this our Ordinance to be kept and observed in the Form abovesaid, under the Pains in the same Form contained. Given at Stepney the Fifteenth day of May in the Twenty- seventh Year of our Reign.

Like Letters are sent to all the Sheriffs of England, and to the others under written; that is to say,

To Robert de Burghersh, Warden of the Cinque Ports.

To the Warden of Berwick.

To Reginald de Grey, Justice of Chester.

To John Wogan, Justice of Ireland.

To Walter de Pederton, Justice of North Wales.

To John de Havering, Justice of West Wales.

To Otes de Grandison, Warden of the Isles of Guernsey and Jersey, or to his Lieutenant.

Like Letters are sent to all the King's liege Bailiffs and Officers, to whom these Letters shall come, with the Conclusion following. Ò Wherefore We command you (irmly enjoining, that forthwith upon sight of these Letters, all the Articles and Points aforesaid each of you in his Bailiwick, do cause to be proclaimed and published; and to be kept and observed, according to that which to you and each of you belongeth, under the Pains in Form aforesaid contained. And We will speedily send throughout our Realm our Letters fully upon the matters aforesaid.Ó Given as above.

Like Letters are sent to the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer, with the Conclusion following. Ò Wherefore We command you, that all the Articles and Points aforesaid you do cause to be kept and observed, under the Pains in Form aforesaid contained.Ó Given as above.


Oath of Wardens.

Exchange Tables at Dover, lie.

THE King to the Sheriff of Westmorland. Greeting. Whereas We have of late established that no Man shall bring into our Kingdom, nor elsewhere within our Jurisdic.tion, any bad Monies, as Pollards and Crockards, and other like Monies which are called by divers names, under the Penalty of losing Life and Goods, and whatsoever else he can forfeit ¥, And We have since newly ordained and established, inasmuch as it would be a grievous thing that People, Strangers and of foreign Countries, who knew nothing of that Ordinance, should be by the same so grievously and so soon punished and bound, that the said Penalty of Life should be respited until the Feast of Saint John Baptist nest coming, and from the Feast of Saint John thenceforth that all Merchants who should bring in bad Monies into our Kingdom, or else.where within our Jurisdiction, should incur the Penalty con.tained in the Ordinance aforesaid: And Messengers and Pil.grims who bring no Money but merely for their Expences, shall be sent to the Exchange without incurring the Forfeiture. And that none bring Sterlings from abroad, nor any other manner of Money, but such as shall send the Sterlings or other manner of Money to the Exchange to be changed. And whoever, contrary to the Ordinance proclaimed, shall bring them openly or secretly, and be found with Sterlings or with other manner of Money upon the Sea, his Goods shall be for.feited to Us and his Body taken and ransomed at the King's Will: Wherefore We command you, that the Ordinance afore.said, with this new Addition, throughout your Bailiwick you do cause to be kept and observed. Given at Canterbury, the Twenty-eighth day of May.

Like Letters are sent to all the Sheriffs of England, and to the others under written, that is to say ;

To Robert de Burghershe, Warden of the Cinque Ports.

To Philip de Verley, Warden of Berwick.

To Reginald de Grey, Justice of Chester.

To John Wogan, Justice of Ireland, or his Lieutenant.

To Walter de Pederton, Justice of North Wales.

To John de Havering, Justice of West Wales.

To Otes de Grandison, Warden of the Isles of Guernsey and Jersey, or to his Lieutenant.

To the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer, with the Conclusion following : Ò Wherefore We command you, that the Ordinance aforesaid, with this new Addition, you do cause to be kept and observed.Ó Given as above.

THE King to the Sheriffs of London, Greeting. Whereas of late by Us and our Council It was ordained, That Wools, Leather, Woolfells, Lead, or Tin, should not be bartered or any way sold unless for good Sterlings or other lawful Mer.chandize, as in the Statute thereon made is more fully con.tained : Wherefore We have before commanded you by our Letters, that in the several places within your Bailiwick ye should depute certain and lawful Wardens for the keeping the Statute aforesaid in all its Articles : And now We have understood that Wools and other Merchandize aforesaid are commonly bartered and sold for Pollards and Crockards, and other like Money, contrary to the Form of the Statute afore.said, to the grievous damage of the People of our Realm j We command you, firmly enjoining, that Ye do so carefully and circumspe&ly provide, that the said Wardens by you so deputed, the said Statute in its several Articles do well and faithfully keep and observe, that We may not have matter or occasion for grievously punishing you for their defeat or your own therein. Also We command you, that all Wools and other things incurred and forfeited to Us, according to the Form of the Statute aforesaid, without any delay, to the Colleftors of our Custom on Wools in the City aforesaid, well and faithfully Ye do cause to be delivered by Indenture between you and them thereupon to be thereof made:

LE Roy al Vescont de Westtnerland, salua. Come M $ no9 eussoms mad geres establi q nules gentz apor- tassent en nre Roiaume ne aillours en nre poer nules moneies mauveises, come Pollardz e Crokardz, ne autres semblables monoies q par divers nous sont appellez, sur forfeture de vie e des biens e de q*ntqil purront forfeire; e eioms puis de novel ordene e establi, q pur coe q greve chose serroit, q gentz estranges e de estrange pais, q rien ne ensavoient de cel establisse. ment, fuissent par coe si grevement e si tost puniz e liez, q la dite peine de vie soit respite, tant q a la Feste Seint Johan le Baptist pchein avenir, e de la Seint Johan enavant q touz Marchandz qi aportereront ma- veises monoies en nre Roiaume, ou aillours en nre poer, encurgent la peine contenue en lestablissement desusdite. E Messagiers e Peleryns q ne porterent fors simplement leur despens soient mis au change saunz encourre la forfeiture. E q nul les esterlings enporte pardela, ne nule autre maniere dargent, mes qi esterlings ou autre manere dargent avera voise au change pur changer. E qi encuntre lestablissement crie les portera, overtement ou celeement, e soit trove ove les esterlings ou ove autre maniere dargent sur mer, soit laver forfait a nous, e le corps pris e reint a la volente le Roy. Por quoi no9 vous comandoms q lestablissement avantdit, ove cest novel ajustement, par tote vre baillie facez tenir e gardir. Donez a Canterbiry le xxviij. jour de MaÕ.

Auteles Lettres sont envoiez as tretouz les Vescontz DengletVe, e as autres de souz escrites; Cest assavoir.

A Robt de Burghersshe, Gardeyn des Portz.

A Phelip de Verley, Gardeyn de Berewyk.

A Reynaud de Grey, Justice de Cestr.

A Johan Wogan, Justice de Dirland, ou a sun lieu tenant.

A Wauter de Pederton, Justice de Northgales.

A Johan de Having, Justice de Westwales.

A Otes de Grantzson Gardeyn des Isles de Gereseye

& Jereseye, ou a son lieutenant.

ATresorer e as Barons del Escheker, ove la conclu.sion qe sensuit. Pur quoi no9 vo9 comandoms qe lestablissement avandit, ove cest novel ajustement, facez tenir e garder. Don sicom a desus.

Jit Vicecomitibj London sattm. Cum nup p nos k consiliu nrm ordinatum fuisset qd lane, coria, pelles lanute, plumbum & stagmen no dimit?entr seu quo- modolibet venderentÕ nisi p bonis stlingis seu alii* nJcandisis legalib}, put in statuto inde edito plenius continetÕ, p quod vob alias p tras nras mandavim9 qd vos, in sing locis infra ballivam vram, c?tos & legales custodes deputaretis, p statuto p*dCo in singiis suis ar- ticlis conservando; ac jam intellexim9 qd lane, & alie iScandise antedee, comunit dimisse & vendite sunt p Pollardis & Crokardis, ac alia cosinrili moneta, cont* formam statuti p*dtfi, ad g've dampnu populi regni nri, vob jPcipim9 firmif injungentes, qd ita caute & circumspefte pvideatis, qd dci Custodes, p vos sic deputati, statutu p>d£m in singtis suis articulis bene & fidelit? teneant & conservent, Ne matiam seu occonem beamus vos ob eo£ defCm, seu vfm in hoc, g"v*t pu- niendi. Precipim9 eciam vob, qd oiries lanas, & res alias, nob incursas & forisfeas sedm formam statuu p>dci, sine dilone aliqua collecloribj custume nre lana£, in Civitate pdea, bene & fidelit liberari faciatis, p indenturam in? vos & ipos sup hoc hinc inde

GO| gle

faciendam. Proviso qd istud negociu ita fideli? & circumspe&e exequamini, qd nullus indebite p vos p>g*. vet', aut alicui peat' gra vel favore qui comiserit in hac pte cont* formam statuti sup*d£i: Mandavim9 enitn eisdem colle&orib}, qd lanas & res illas, quas eis .ut p*dCm est lifeavW, a vob recipiant & inden- turam inde faciant in forma p>d£a: Et pvideatis qd indentures p>d5as, p vos ut p'ddm est faciendas, tieatis sup pfrum vrm ad Sc*cm nfm, in Crastino Sci Michis ad ?tificandu Thes & Barones nros de eodem ScÕcio quid fe?itis in pmissis. Et tieatis ibi hoc bfe. T.JL apud Gildeford xxiii. die Augusti.

p ipm Regem & Consiliu.

pi Colle&orib} custume sue lanaji in Civitate London, sattm. Cum nup p nos & consiliu nrm ordinatum fuisset, qd lane, coria, pelles lanute, plumbum & stag- men no dimitt'ent' seu quomodolibet venderent', nisi p bonis sterlingis seu aliis iScandisis legaliby, put in statuto inde edito plenius continet'; p quod vicebÔ nris London p Iras nras mandavim9 qd ipi in singulis locis infra ballivam suam c?tos & leg custodes deputarent p statuto p*d?o in singtis suis artictis conservando ; ac jam intellexim9 qd lane, & alie iScandise p>dce, coi? dimisse & vendite sunt p Pollardis He Crokardis, & alia consimili moneta, cont* formam statuti p*d£fi, ad g*ve dampnu populi regni nn; p quod vicecomitibj nns London p>cepim9 qd ita caute & circumspefte pvi- deant qd dci custodes, p ipos vicecomites sic deputati, statutu p>dtfm in singtis suis artictis bene & fideli? teneant & conservent, ne maftam seu occbnem heamus ipos vicecomites ob eop deftm, seu custodu pdcop, in hoc g*vi? puniendi : et eisdem VicecohÔ simili? p*ce- pim9 qd omes lanas & res alias, nob in balliva sua incursas & forisfeas, sc dm formam Statuti pdei, vob ad opus nrm, sine dilone aliqua, bene & fideli? libe- rari faciant, p indenturam in? ipos & vos sup hoc hinc inde faciendam j vob p*cipim9 qd lanas, & res alias, quas vob ut pMcm est liberav^int, ab eis reci- piatis, & indenturam inde in? vos faciatis in forma p*dcfa: Et pvideatis qd indentures illas, sic p vos fa.ciendas, heads in Crastino Sci Michis pximo futuro ad Sc*cm nrm, ad Ptificandu Thes & Barones nros de eodem Sc'cio quid fe?itis in pmissis. Et heatis ibi hoc bre. T. R. apud Gildeford xxiij. die Aug9ti.

p ipm & cons.

Provided that Ye do to faithfully and circutnspeftly execute thii business, that none be unduly troubled by you, and that none be spared by grace or favour, who shall have done any thing in this behalf against the Form of the Statute aforesaid: For We have commanded the said Collectors, that the Wools and those things, which to them as is aforesaid Ye shall have delivered, from you they shall receive, and an Indenture thereof shall make in Form aforesaid: And provide that the Indentures aforesaid, by you as is aforesaid made, Ye do have at your Profer at our Exchequer on the Morrow of Saint Michael, to certify our Treasurer and Barons of the said Exchequer what ye shall have done in the premises; and have there this Writ. Witness the King at Gildeford, the Twenty-third day of August. By the King himself and Council.

THE King to the Collectors of his Custom on Wools, in the City of London, Greeting. Whereas of late by Us and our Council It was ordained, That Wools, Leather, Woolfells, Lead, or Tin, should not be bartered or any way sold unless for good Sterlings or other lawful Merchandize, as in the Sta.tute thereon made is more fully contained ; Wherefore We have commanded our Sheriffs of London by our Letters that they, in the several places within their Bailiwick, should de.pute certain and lawful Wardens for the keeping the Statute aforesaid in all its Articles: And now We have understood that Wools and other Merchandize aforesaid are commonly bartered and sold for Pollards and Crockards, and other like Money, contrary to the Form of the Statute aforesaid, to the grievous damage of the People of our Realm: Wherefore We have commanded our Sheriffs of London that they do so carefully and circumspedly provide that the said Wardens, by them the said Sheriffs so deputed, the Statute aforesaid in its several Articles do well and faithfully keep and observe, that We may not have matter or occasion for grievously punishing them the said Sheriffs, for their own default, or that of the Wardens aforesaid therein: And We have in like manner commanded the said Sheriffs, that all Wools and other things in their Bailiwick incurred and forfeited to Us according to the form of the Statute aforesaid, to you for our use, without any delay, (hey shall well and faithfully cause to be delivered, by Indenture between them and you thereupon to be thereof made; We do command you that the Wools and other things, which to you as is aforesaid they shall have delivered, from them Ye do receive, and an Indenture thereof between you Ye do make in form aforesaid: And provide that the Inden.tures aforesaid so by you to be made, Ye do have on the Morrow of St. Michael next coming at our Exchequer, to certify our Treasurer and Barons of the said Exchequer what ye shall have done in the Premises. And have there this Writ. Witness the King at Gildeford, the twenty-third day of August. By the King Himself and Council.*

¥ On Rot. Claus.Edvi. I. m.jp. d, are entered several Writs or Letters direfled to the Colledors of the Customs, and others, in various Ports of the Kingdom, for the Observance and Execution of the Sutute. A long Space is left on m. 36, of the Statute Roll, probably for the Entry of similar Writs or Letters.


I.

Confirmation of the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Forest.

Commis.sioners to enquire of Offences done contrary to the Charters.]

Anno 28¡ EDWARDI, I. A.D.1300.

arttcult jsftiper Carta©.

ARTICLES upon THE CHARTERS.*

TT'ORASMUCH as the Articles of the Great Charter f of Liberties, and of the Charter of the Forest, the which King Henry, Father of the King that now is, granted to his People, for the weal of his Realm, have not been heretofore observed ne kept, because there was no Punishment [executed upon Ô3 them which of.fended against the points of the Charters before men.tioned ; Our Lord the King hath again granted, renewed, and confirmed them, (Õ) at the request of his Prelates, Earls, and Barons, assembled in his Parliament holden at Westminster, (3) the eight and twentieth year of his Reign, [and hath ordained, enafted, and established certain Articles *] against all them that offend contrary to the points of the said Charters, or any part of them, [or that in anywise transgress them,*3 in the Form that ensueth:

That is to say, That from henceforth the Great Charter of the Liberties of England, granted to all the Com.monalty of the Realm, and the Charter of the Forest, in like manner granted, shall be observed, kept, and maintained in (6) every point, in as ample wise as the King hath granted, renewed, and confirmed them by his Charter. And that the Charters be delivered to every Sheriff of England under the KingÕs Seal, to be read four times in the year before the People in the full County ; that is to wit, the next County day after the Feast of Saint Michael, and the next County day after Christmas, and at the next County after Easter, and at the next County after the Feast of Saint John. And for these two Charters to be firmly observed in every Point and Article, where before no Remedy was at the Common Law, there shall be chosen in every Shire Court, by the Commonalty of the same Shire, three substantial Men, Knights, or other lawful, wise, and well disposed Persons, which shall be Justices sworn and assigned by the KingÕs Letters Patents under the Great Seal, to hear and determine without any other Writ, but only their Commission, such Plaints as shall be made upon all those that commit or offend against any point contained in the foresaid Charters, in the Shires where they be assigned, as well within Franchises as without, and as well [for73 the KingÕs Officers out of their places, as [for 73 other; and to hear the Plaints from day to day without any delay, and to determine them, without allowing the delays which be allowed by the Common Law. And the same Knights shall have power to punish all such as shall be attainted of any Trespass done contrary to any Point of the foresaid Charters, where no Remedy was before by the Com.mon Law, as before is said, by Imprisonment, or by Ransom, or by Amerciament, according to the Trespass.

1 established for * and * in Lint

4 hath ordained and ettabTuhed a certain Form and Punishment

* in any wise, 6 every Article and

' of

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 35.

PUR ceo q les poyntz de la grant Chartre des Franchises & la Chartre de la Forest, les quieus le Roy Henri, pere le Roi q ore est granta a soen poeple pur le pru de soen Roiaume, ne unt pas este tenuz ne gardez avant ces heures, pur ceo q peyne ne fust avant establie en les trespassours contre les poyntz des chartres avantdites ; nostre seigneur le Roi les ad de novel grante, renovele,. e conferme; Et a la requeste des plats Contes & Barouns, en soen parle- ment a Westmonster, en quaremme lan de soen regne vynt & utisme, ad ?teine fourme & peyne ordene e establi, encontre tuz iceaus q contre les poyntz des avantdites chartres, ou nul poynt de eles, en nul ma- nere vendront, en la fourme qe sensuit: Cest asavoir, q de ci enavant la Grant Chartre des franchises Den- gleterre, grantee a tote la comune Dengleterre, e la Chartre de la Forest en meisme la manere grantee, soient tenues, gardees, e meintenues, en chescun ar.ticle, & chescun poynt, ausi pleynement come le Roi lad grante, renovele, & par sa chartre conferme. E q celes chartres soient baillees a chescun Visconte Den- gletVe, desoutz le seal le Roi, a lire quatre foiz p an, devant le poeple en plein Conte; Cest asavoir a pchein Conte apres la Seint Michel, al pchein Conte apres le Noel, al pchein Conte apres la Pasqe, & al pchein Conte apres la Seint Johan. Et a celes deus chartres, en chescun poynt, & en chescun article de eles, fermement tenir, ou remedie ne fust avant p la comune ley, soient esluz en chescun Conte, p la comune de meisme le Conte, trois pdeshomes, chiva- liers ou autres loiaux, sages, & avises, qui soient Jus- tices jures & assignes par les lettres le Roi overtes, de soen grant seal, de oyr & detminer, santz autre bref q leur comun garant, les pleintes q se ferront de touz iceaus q1 vendront ou mesprendront, en nul des ditz poyntz des avantdites chartres, es Contetz ou il sont assignez, ausibien dedenz franchises come dehors, ausibien des ministres le Roi hors de leur places come des autres ; Et les pleintes oyes, de jour en jour santz delay les Pminent, sanz alluei les delais q sont allues p comune ley. E q meismes ceaus chivaliers eient poer de punir touz ceaus q serront atteintz de trei- pas fait encontre nul point des chartres avantdites, ou remedie ne fust avant p comune ley, ausi come avant est dit, p enprisonement, ou p ranceoun ou p amciement, selonc ceo q le trespas le demande.

¥ Then Talcs are from the Printed CopieÇ; No Title appears upon the Roll. In the Archivei of Durham Cathedral is preserved so Exemplification of this Statute, which agrees with the Entry on the Statute Roll.


Et p ceo nentent pas le Roi, ne nul de ceaux q fust a cest ordenement fere, q les chivaliers avantditz tieg- nent nul play, par le poer q done leur serra, en cas ou avant ces houres fust remedie purveu, solonc la comune lay p bref, ne q Pjudice ensoit fet a la comune ley, ne a les chartres avantdites en nul de leur pointz. E voet le Roi, q si touz treis ne soient p>sentz, ou ne purront as totes les foiz entendre afaire leur office en la fourme avantdite, q deus des trois le facent. E ordene est q les Viscontes e les Baillifs le Roi soient entendantz as les comandementz des avantdites Justices, en quantq apent a leur office. E estre cestes choses grantees sur les pointz des chartres avantdites, le Roi de sa grace especiale, en aleggeance des grevances q soen pople ad eu par les guerres q unt este, & en amendement de leur estat, e pur taunt qil soient plus prestz a soen €vice, & plus volentiers aidantz quant il enavera afere, ad grante ascuns articles, les quieus il entent qi ten- dront ausi grant lieu a son poeple, & ausi grant pfist ferront, ou plus, q les pointz avant grantes.

Emprimechief, pur ceo q une grant grevance est en cest Roiaume, & damage sanz noumbre, de ceo q le Roi & ses Ministres de sa meignee, ausibien les aliens come les denzeyns, fount leur prises la ou il passent p mi le Roiaume, & pnent les biens de gentz, des clers & des lays, sanz rien paer, ou bien meins q la value : Ordene est q de ci en avant nul ne preigne prises p mi le Roiaume, fors q les pnours le Roi & ses pur- veours pur lostel le Roi. E q ceus pnours le Roi, & purveours pur soen Hostel, ne preignent riens fors qe pur meisme lostel. E des prises quil ferront p mi les pais, demanger ou deboyure, & autres menuz neces.saries pur lostel, qil facent la paye ou gre a ceus des queus les choses serront prises. E q touz tieus pnours le Roi, purveours ou achatours, eient de ci en avant leur garant ovesqes eus, du grant seal ou de petit seal le Roi, contenant leur poer & les choses dount il frount prises ou purveaunce; le quel garant il mustreront as ceus des quieus il frount la prise, avant ceo qil enpreig- nent rien. E q ceus pnours, purveours, ou achatours le Roi, ne preignent plus q busoigne & mester ne seit pur le Roi & soen hostel e de ses enfantz. E q riens ne preignent pur ecus q sont a gages, ne pur nul autre. E qil respoignent, en lostel & en le garderobe, pleine- ment des totes leur prises, sanz fere ailleours leur lar- gesces ou Iiverees de chose q pur le Roi soit prise. E si nul pnour de lostel le Roi, p garant qil eit, face prises ou Iiverees en autre manere q desus nest dit, p pleinte fete al Seneschal & al Tresourer del Hostel le Roi soit la verite enquise. E si de ceo soit atteint, soit gre meintenant fait au pleintif & soit hoste du 's'vice le Roi pur touz jours, & demoerge en prison a la volente le Roi. E si nul face prises santz garant, & lemport encountre la volume de celui a qÕ les biens sont, soit meintenant arestu par la ville ou la prise serra fete, & mene a la pcheine gaole ; E si de ceo soit atteint, soit la fait de lui come de larroun, si la quan- tite des biens le demande. E quant as prises fere, en feires, & en bones villes, & portz, pur la grant garde- robe le Roi, eient les pnours leur comun garant p le grant seal. E des choses qil prendront, eient la test- moignance du seal du gardein de la garderobe; & des choses issint p eus prises, de noumbre, de quantite, &

Nevertheless the King, nor none of those that made this Ordinance intend, that by virtue hereof any of the foresaid Knights shall hold any Plea by the power which shall be given them, in such case where there hath been Remedy provided in times passed, after the course of the Common Law by Writ; nor also that any prejudice should be done to the Common Law, nor to the Char.ters aforesaid in any Point. And the King willeth, that if all Three be not present, or cannot at all times attend to do their office in form aforesaid, that Two of them shall do it. And It is Ordained, that the KingÕs Sheriffs and Bailiffs shall be attendant to do the commandments of the foresaid Justices, as far forth as appertaineth unto their Offices. And besides these things granted upon the Articles of the Charters aforesaid, the King of his special Grace, for redress of the Grievances that his People hath sustained by reason of his Wars, and for the amendment of their Estate, and to the intent that they may be the more ready to do him service, and the more willing to assist and aid him in time of need, hath granted certain Articles, the which he supposeth shall not only be (1) observed of his liege People, but also shall be as much profitable, or more, than the Articles heretofore granted.

[SecondarilyForasmuch as there is a great Griev.ance in this Realm, and damage without Measure, for that the King and the Ministers of his House, as well [of Aliens3] as Denizens, do make [great Prises4] where they pass through the Realm, and take the goods as well of Clerks as of Lay People, without paying therefore any thing, or else much less than the value: It is Ordained, that from henceforth none [do take any such Prisess] within the Realm, but only the KingÕs Takers, and the Purveyors for his House ; and that the KingÕs Takers and Purveyors of his House shall take nothing, but only for his House. And touching such things as they shall take in the Country, of meat and drink, and such other mean things necessary for the House, they shall pay or make agreement with them of whom the things shall be taken. And that all (6) the KingÕs Takers, Purveyors, or [Catours,7] from hence.forth shall have their Warrant with them, under the KingÕs great or petty Seal, declaring their authority, and the things whereof they have power to make Prise or Purveyance ; the which Warrant they shall shew unto them whose goods they take, before they take any thing. And that those Takers, Purveyors, or [Catours7] for the King, shall take no more than is needful or meet to be used for the King, his Houshold, and his Chil.

dren. And that they shall not take any thing for them that be [in Wages9] nor for any other. And that they shall make full answer in the King's House, or in the Wardrobe, for all things taken by them, without making their largesses any other where, or liveries of such things as [they have ,0] taken for the King. And if any Taker for the King's House, by reason of his War.rant, make any Prise or Livery, otherwise than before is mentioned, upon complaint made to the Steward and to the Treasurer of the KingÕs House, the truth shall be enquired. And if he be attainted thereof, he shall forth.with [make agreement with "] the Party, and shall be put out of the KingÕs Service for ever, and shall remain in Prison at the KingÕs pleasure. And if any make Prise without Warrant, and carry it away against the will of the Owner, he shall immediately be arrested by the Town where the Prise was made, and shall be com.mitted to the next Gaol; and if he be attainted there.upon, it shall be done unto him as unto a Felon, if the quantity of the Goods do so require. And concerning Prises made in Fairs, and good Towns, and in Ports for the KingÕs great Wardrobe, the Takers shall have their common Warrant under the Great Seal. And for the things that they shall take, it shall be testified under the Seal of the Keeper of the Wardrobe; and of those things [that they have taken,Ò] the number of the things,

1 at much 1 In the first place,

3 Aliens * their Takings

i do make any Takings 1 such 7 Buyers * that of

Õ at Wages 'Òhavebeen

" satisfy 11 to by them tabe.t

Officers ihail be attendant upon the Commis.sioners.

II.

Purveyors.

What they shall take.

Payment

thereof.

Purveyors to shew their Warrant;

to take no more than is needful;

to answer for Things taken.

Punishment for undue Purveyance.

Taking

without

Warrant,

Felony.

Purveyances

made for the

KingÕs

Wardrobe.

VOL. I.

N n


Saving at to autient Prises.

III.

Of what Things only the Steward and Marshal of the KingÕs House shall hold Plea.

What Coroners shall inquire of the Death of a Man slain within the Verge.

IV.

No Common Pleat in the Exchequer.

the quantity, and the value, [shall be specified in a Divident made1 ] between the lakers and the Keepers of Fairs, Mayors, or chief Bailiffs of Towns and Ports, by the view of Merchants, whose Goods shall be so taken; and they shall not be suffered to take any more than is contained in their Divident; and the said Divi- dent shall be taken into the Wardrobe under the Seal of the Warden, Mayor, or Chief Bailiff aforesaid, and there shall remain until the accompt of the Keeper of the KingÕs Wardrobe : And if it be found, that any hath taken otherwise than he ought to do, upon his accompt he shall be punished by the Keeper of the KingÕs Wardrobe after his desert; and if any make such Prises without Warrant, and be attainted thereupon, he shall incur the same Pain as they which take Prises for the KingÕs House without Warrant, as before is said. Nevertheless the King and his Council do not intend, by reason of this Estatute, to diminish the KingÕs Right, for the ancient Prises due and accustomed, as of Wines and other Goods, but that his Right shall be saved unto him whole in all Points.

CONCERNING the Authority of [Stewards'] and Marshals, and of such Pleas as they may hold, and in what manner, It is ordained, that from henceforth they shall not hold Plea of Freehold, neither of Debt nor of Covenant, nor of any Contract made between [the KingÕs3] People, but only of Trespass done within the House, and of other Trespasses done within the Verge, and of Contracts and Covenants that one of the King's House shall have made with another of the same House, and in the same House, and none other where. And they shall plead no Plea of Trespass, other than that which shall be attached by them before the King depart from the Verge where the Trespass shall be committed ; and shall plead them speedily from day to day, so that they may be pleaded and determined before that the King depart out of the limits of the same Verge where the Trespass was done. And if it so be that they can.not be determined within the limits of the same Verge, then shall the same Pleas cease before the Steward, and the Plaintiffs shall have recourse to the common Law. And from henceforth the Steward shall not take Cog.nisance of Debts nor of other things, but of People of the same House, nor shall hold none other Plea by Obli.gation made at the distress of the Steward and of the Marshals. And if the Steward or Marshals do any thing contrary to this Ordinance, it shall be holden as void. And Forasmuch as heretofore many Felonies committed within the Verge have been unpunished, because the Coroners of the Country have not been authorized to enquire of such manner of Felonies done within the Verge, but the Coroner of the KingÕs House, which never continueth in one place, by reason whereof there can be no Trial made in due manner, nor the Felons put in exigent, nor outlawed, nor any thing (4) presented in the Circuit, the which hath been to the great damage of the King, and nothing to the good preservation of his Peace j It is Ordained, that from henceforth in cases of the death of Men, whereof the CoronerÕs Office is to make View and Enquest, it shall be commanded to the Coroner of the Country, that he, with the Coroner of the [KingÕs] House, shall do as belongeth to his Office, and inroll it. And that thing that cannot be determined before the Steward [where5] the Felons cannot be at.tached (6) or for other like cause, shall be remitted to the Common Law, so that Exigents, Outlawries, and Pre.sentments, shall be made thereupon in Eyre by the Co.roner of the Country, as well as of other Felonies done out of the Verge : Nevertheless they shall not omit, by reason hereof, to make Attachments freshly upon the Felonies done.

MOREOVER no Common Pleas shall be from hence forth holden in the Exchequer, contrary to the Form of the Great Charter.

> there shall be a Dividend made

5 Tb' Steward Ô common

4 thereof s because 4 there

de la value, soit faite dividende entre les pnours & les gardeins des feires, Meire, ou chiefs Baillifs des villes & portz, p la veue des marchantz, des quieus les biens serront issint pris. E riens ne lui soit suffert de plus prendre qil ne mette en dividende; E cele dividende soit porte en garderobe, desutz le seal le gardein Meire, ou chief Baillif avantditz, & lenz demoerge tantq sur laconte du garderober le Roi; E si! soit trove q nul eit autrement pris q fere ne deveroit, soit puny sur laconte p le gardein de la garderobe le Roi, solom sa deserte; E si nul face tieus pses sanz garant, & sur ceo soit atteint, soit fait de lui come de ceus q fount p'ses pur lostel le Roi sanz garant, come desus est dit. E ne entent tnie le Roi, ne soen consaii, q p cest estatut rien decrease au Roi, de soen droit des auncienes prises dues & acustumes, come des vyns & autres biens, mes q en touz pointz pleinement lui soit sauve.

De lestat du Seneschal & des Marchals, & des plez q eus deivent tenir & coment, ordene est q desormes ne tiegnent plai de franc tenement, ne de dette, ne de covenant, ne de contraft des gentz du pueple fore tantsulement des trespas de lostel, & autres trespas faitz dedenz la verge, & de contraftz, & covenantz q ascun de lostel le Roi ava fait a autre de meisme lostel, k en meisme lostel, & ne mie aillours. E nul plai de trespas ne pledront, autre q ne soit attache p eus avant ceo q le Roi isse hors de la verge ou le trespas €ra fait, & les pledera hastivement de jour en jour, issint qil soient parpledez & Pmines, avant ceo q le Roi isse hors des bundes de cele verge ou le trespas fut fait. E si p cas dedenz les bundes de cele verge ne poent estre rmines, cessent ceus plais devant le Se.neschal & soient les pleintifs a la comue lei. Ne de- soremes ne preigne le Seneschal conisances des dettes, ne dautre chose, fors q des gentz del lostel avantdit; Ne nul autre plai ne tiegnent p obligacion faite a la destresce du Seneschal & des Mareschaus. E si le Seneschal, ou les Mareschaus, rien facent countre cest ordenement soit Ieur fet tenu pur nul. E pur ceo q devant ces houres moutz des felonies, fetes dedenz la verge, unt este despunies, pur ceo q les Coroners des pais ne se sont pas entremis denquerre de tieus ma- neres des felonies, dedenz la verge, mes le CoroS de lostel le Roy, qui est passant, de qui issue ne ad mie este fete en due manere, ne les felons mis en exi- gendes, ne utlaghes, ne rien de ceo psente enEire, q ad este a grant damage du Roi & a meins bone garde de sa pees ; Ordene est q desoremes en cas de mort de home, ou office de Coroner apent, as vewes & en- questes de ceo fere, soit mande le Coroner du pais qi ensemblement ove le Coroner del hostel face loffice q i apent, & le mette en roulle. E ceo q ne porra mie devant le Seneschal estre t mine, p ceo q les felons ne i porront estre attachetz, ou p autre encheson, demoerge a la comune lei, issint q les exigendes utlagheries k plsentementz en Eire soient de ceo fetz p le Coroner du pais, ausint come des autres felonies fetes dehors la verge. Mes pur ceo ne soit lesse q les attachementz ne soient fetz freschement sur les felonies faites.

Estre ceo nul comun plai ne seit desoremes tenu al Escheqer countre la fourme de la Grant Chartre.


Dautre part le Roi voet q la Chauncelerie e les Justices de soen Banc lui suient, issint qil eit touz jours pres de lui ascuns Sages de la lei, qui sa- chent les busoignes q veignent a la curt duement deli.verer, a tote les foiz q mester sra. Desutz le petit seal ne isse desoremes nul bref q touche la comune lei.

Le Conestable du chastel de Do9e ne plede deso.remes a la porte du chastel nul plai forein du Conte, q ne tuche la garde du chastel. Le dit Conestable pe destreigne les gentz de Cinks Portz a pleder aillours, ne en autre manere, qil ne deyvent solonc la fourme des chartres qil unt des Rois de leur fran.chises auncienes, afermees p la Grant Chartre.

Le Roi ad grante a soen poeple, qil eient esleccion de leur viscontes, en chescun Conte, ou visconte ne est mie de fee, sil voelent.

Le Roi voet & comande q nul visconte ne baillif ne mette en enquestes, ne en jurees, plus des gens, ne autres, ne en autre manere, qil nest ordene p estatut; & qil mettent en teles enquestes & jurees, les plus pcheins, plus suffisantz, & meins suspecenous. E qi autrement le fra, & de ceo soit atteint, rende au pleintif ses damages au duble, & soit en la greve merci le Roi.

En droit des Conspiratours, faus enfourmours, & mauveis peureours des duzeines, enquestes, assises, & jurees, le Roi ad ordene remedie as pleintifs par bref de Chancelerie; & ja dumeins voet, q ses Justices de lun banc & de lautre, & Justices as assises prendre assignes, qÔnt il viegnent en pais a fere leur office, de ceo facent leur enquestes a chescuny pleinte, santz bref, & santz delai, & facent droit as pleintifs.

Derechief, pur ceo q le Roi avoit avant ordine par estatut q nul de ses Ministres ne preist nul plai a cham- part, & p cel estatut autres q Ministres ne estoient pas avant ces houres a ceo lieez, voet le Roi, q nul Mini- stre, ne nul autre, pur part aver de chose q est en plai, enpreigne les busoignes q sont en plai; Ne nul sur tieu covenant soen droit ne lesse a autri; E si nul le fet, & de ceo soit atteint, soit forfet & encoru devers le Roi, des biens ou de tres lempnour, la value dau- tant come sa ptie de son purchaz p tele enprise amon- tera. E a ceo atteindre soit resceu celui qui suire vodra pur le Roi, devant les Justices devant quieus le plai avera este, & p eus soit le agard fet. Mes en ceo cas ne est mie a entendre q home ne puet aver con- sail de Contours, & des sages gentz, pr du soen donant, ne de ses parentz & ses pcheins.

Derechief voet le Roi q destresces, q sont a fere pur sa dette, ne soient fetz p bestes des carues, tant come horn puet autre trover, solunc ceo q ordene est ail.lours p estatut, ove la peine &c. E ne voet q trop grive destresce soit prise pur sa dette, ne trop loinz mene, & si le dettour pusse trover suffissaunte & cove- nable seurte, jesques a un jour dein/, le jour le visconte, dedenz le quel home enpusse purchaser remedie ou fere gre de la demande, soit la destresce relessee ende- menters. E qui autrement fra soit grevement puny.

AND on the other Party, the King will, that the Chancellor and the Justices of his Bench shall follow him, so that he may have at all times near unto him some Sages of the Law, which be able duly to order all such Matters as shall come unto the Court, at all Times when need shall require.

THERE shall no Writ from henceforth, that toucheth the Common Law, go forth under [any of the petty Seals.']

THE Constable of the Castle of Dover shall not from henceforth hold any [Plea of a foreign County within *] the Castle Gate, except it touch the keeping of the Castle. Nor shall the said Constable distrain the Inhabitants of the Cinque Ports to plead any otherwhere, nor otherwise, than they ought after the Form of their [Charter obtained of the King for5] their old Franchises confirmed by the Great Charter.

THE King hath granted unto his People, that they

shall have Eleftion of their Sheriff, in every Shire, where the Shrivalty is not of Fee, if they list.

THE King willeth and commandeth, that no Sheriff nor Bailiff shall impanel in Inquests nor in Juries over many Persons (*) nor otherwise than it is ordained by Statute ; and that they shall put in those Inquests and Juries such as be next Neighbours, most sufficient, and least suspicious. And he that otherwise doth, and is attainted thereupon, shall pay unto the Plaintiff his Damages double, and shall be grievously amerced unto the King.

IN Right of Conspirators, false Informers, and evil Procurers of Dozens, Assises, Inquests and Juries, the King hath provided Remedy for the Plaintiffs by a Writ out of the Chancery ; and notwithstanding, he willeth that his Justices of the one Bench and of the other, and Justices assigned to take Assises, when they come into the Country to do their Office, shall upon every Plaint made unto them, award Inquests thereupon without Writ, and shall do right unto the Plaintiffs without Delay.

AND Further, because the King hath heretofore or.dained by Statute, that none of his Ministers shall take no Plea [for Maintenance,5] by which Statute [other Officers6] were not bounden before this time; the King will, that no Officer nor any other, for to have part of the Thing in Plea, shall not take upon him the Bu.siness that is in Suit; nor none upon any such Cove.nant shall give up his Right to another ; and if any do, and he be attainted thereof, the Taker shall forfeit unto the King so much of his Lands and Goods as doth amount to the value of the Part that he hath purchased [for such Maintenance.Õ] And [for this Atteindre,"] whosoever will, shall be received to sue for the King before the Justices, before whom the Plea hangeth, and the Judgement shall be given by them. But it may not be understood hereby, that any Person shall be pro.hibit to have Counsel of Pleaders, or of learned Men in the Law for his Fee, or of his Parents and next Friends.

FROM henceforth the King will, that such Distresses as are to be taken for his Debts shall not be made upon Beasts of the Plough, so long as a Man may find any other, [upon the same Pain that is elsewhere ordained by Statute,9] &c. And he will not that over-great Distresses shall be taken for his Debts, nor driven too far; and if the Debtor can find able and convenient Surety until a Day before the Day limited to the She.riff, within which a Man may purchase Remedy [to '¡] agree for the Demand, the Distress shall be released in the mean Time ; and he that otherwise doth, shall be grievously punished.

Ô the Petty Seal

* foreign Plea of the County, at

i Charters obtained of Kings, of

* nor othere i to Cliampcrtie,

f other1 than Officert 7 by such taking upon him.

* to attaint him thereof,

v according to that ¥which ii ordained ehrwhere ty Statute, with the same paint 9r

V.

Chancery and King's Bench .hall follow the King.

VI.

No Common Law Writ under the petty Seal.

VII.

Of the Jnrisdidion of the Constable of the Castle of Dover.

VIII.

Election of Sheriffs.

IX.

How Juries

are to be impanelled.

X.

Of Proceed.ings against Conspirators, Informers, and Procurers of Juries.

XI.

Champerty

prohibited.

Forfeiture

thereon.

XII. Distresses for the KingÕs Debt.


XIII.

Of the Per-

Çons to be

chosen

Sheriff!.

XIV.

Of farming

Bailiwicks

and

Hundreds.

XV.

Summons and Attachments in Plea of Land.

XVI.

1'alscKeturns. [ See Slat, IVestm. I.

<*>. 39-]

XVII. Statute of Winchester enforced.

XVIII.

Remedy against Escheator! for Wastes in Wardships.

XIX. Return of Issues, where Land is seised by the King, without Cause.

XX.

Vessels of Odd and Silver to be essayed and touched.

Vessels shall be marked with the Leopai dÕs Head.

AND Forasmuch as the King hath granted the Elec.tion of Sheriffs to the Commons of the Shire; the King will that they shall chuse such Sheriffs that shall not charge them, [and that they shall not put any Of.ficer in Authority1 ] for Rewards or Bribes ; and such as shall not lodge too oft in one place, nor with poor Persons, or Men of Religion.

[FROM henceforth the King will,1] That the Baili.wicks and Hundreds of the King, nor of other great Lords of the Land, be not let to Fenn at over-great Sums, whereby the People [are!] overcharged by making Contribution to such Ferms.

IN Summons and Attachments in Plea of Land, the Summons and Attachments from henceforth shall con.tain the Term of Fifteen Days full at the least, accord.ing to the common Law, if it be not in Attachment of Assises taken in the King's Presence, or of Pleas before Justices in Eyre during the Eyre.

THAT shall be done with them that make false Re.turns, (4) whereby Right is deferred, as it is ordained in the second Statute of Westminster, with like Pain.

AND Forasmuch as there be more Malefactors in the Realm, than had wont to be, and that Robberies, Burnings, and Manslaughters are committed out of measure, and the Peace little observed, by reason that the Statute which the King not long past caused to be made at Winchester is not observed; the King will, that the same Statute be sent again into every County, [tos] be read and published four times in the Year [and kept in every Point as straitly as the two Great Charters,6] upon the Pains therein limited. And for the observing and maintenance of this Statute, the three Knights that be assigned in the Shires for to re.dress Things done against the said Great Charters, shall be charged, and shall have their Warrant therefore.

FOR Redress of Wastes, and Destructions done by Escheators or Subescheators in the Lands of Wards, as of Houses, Woods, Parks, [Warrens,7] and of all other Things that fall into the KingÕs Hands : the King will that he which hath sustained Damage, shall have a Writ of Waste out of the Chancery against the Escheator for his Aft, or the Subescheator for his Aft if he have whereof to answer; and if he have not, his Master shall answer by like Pain concerning the Damages, as is ordained by the Statute for them that do Waste in Wardships.

[FROM henceforth,*] where the Escheator or the She.riff [shall seize9] other MenÕs Lands into the KingÕs hands where there is no Cause of Seiser, and after, when it is found no Cause, the Profits taken in the mean Time have been still retained, and not restored, when the King hath removed his Hand ; the King will, that if hereafter any Lands be so seised, and after [it be removed out of his hands'"] by reason that he hath no cause to seize nor to hold it, the Issues shall be fully restored to him to whom the Land ought to re.main, and which hath sustained the Damage.

IT is Ordained, That no Goldsmith of England, nor none otherwhere within the KingÕs Dominion, shall from henceforth [make, or cause to be made,"] any Manner of Vessel, Jewel, or any other Thing of Gold or Silver, except it be of good and true Allay, that is to say, Gold of a certain Touch, and Silver of the sterling Al.lay, or of better, at the Pleasure of him to whom the Work belongeth; and that none work worse Silver than Money; and that no Manner of Vessel of Silver depart out of the Hands of the Workers, until it be essayed by the Wardens of the Craft; and further, that it be marked with the Leopard's Head; and that they work no worse Gold than of the Touch of Paris;

1 nor appoint any Officer in their Bailiwicks * Moreover

> may be grieved or

4 to the Command of the King, 5 and

'' hie at the Great Chartert, and firmly kept in every point,

. Vivaria Ò Moreover 9 seiseth

Õ Õ tÕl.i hand be removed " work or make

E pur ceo q le Roi ad grante la esleccion de Visconte a eus des Contez, voet le Roi qil eslisent tieu Visconte q ne les charge mie, ne ne mette nul ministre en baillie pur lower ne pÕ doun, & tieus q ne se herbergent mie trap sovent en un lieu, ne sur les popes, ne sur les Religious.

Derechief q les baillifs & les hundredz du Roi, ne des autres grantz seignurs de la Pre ne soient lesses a trop grant sume aferme, p quei le poeple soit greve ne charge p contribucions fere a teles fermes.

En somonses & en attachementz en plai de Pre, deso- remes contiegne la somonse & latachement le tW de xv. jours a tot le meinz, solonc la comune lei, sil ne seit en attachement des assises prendre en p'sence le Roi, (') ou des pies devant Justices en Eire durand leire.

Soit fet de eus q font faus retourns au mande- ment le Roi, p quei dreiture est delaie, ausi come or- dene est en le secund estatut de Westiri, ove la pane.

E pur ceo q moutz des meffesours sont en la Pre plus q mes ne soleient, & roberies, arsuns, & homicides fetes sanz nombre, & la pees meins bien gardee, p ceo q lestatut q le Roi fist faire nad gueres a Wyn- cestre nad pas este tenu, voet le Roi q cel estatut soit denovel envoie en chescun Conte, & leu, & pupplie, quatre foiz p an, ausi come les deus Grantz Char- tres, & fermement garde en chescun point, sur les peines q lenz sont assises. Et a cel estatut garder & meintenir soient chargez les trois chivalers, qui sont assignez p mi les Contez pur ad res? les choses fetes contre les Grantz Chartres, & de ceo eient garant.

En dreit des Wastz & destruccions fetz en gardes, p Eschetour & Sutheschetour, des mesons, parks, bois & vivers, & totes autres choses q eschient en la mein le Roi, voet le Roi q celui q a Pa le damage receu eit bref de Wast en Chauncelerie, vers leschetour de soen fet, ou le Sutheschetour de son fet, sil eit de quei respoundre ; E sil nad de quei, si respoigne son sovein, p autele peine, q*nt as damages come derrein fust or- dene p estatut sur ceus qui fount Wastz en gardes.

Derechief la ou leschetour ou le visconte seisist en la mein le Roi autri Pres, la ou il nad reson de seisir, e puis q*nt trove est la nonreson, les issues du meen temps unt este cea en arere retenuz, & ne mie renduz q*nt le Roi ad la mein oste, voet le Roi q desoremes la ou terres sont issint seisies, & puis la mein oste p ceo qil nad reson de seisir ne detenir, soient les issues pleinement rendues a celui a qui la Pre demoert, & aPa le damage receu.

Ordene est q nul Orfeure DenglePre ne daillours de la seignurie le Roi, ne overe ne face de ci en avant nule marie de vessele, de Joiaus, nautre chose, dor ne dargent q ne seit de bon & de verrai alai; Cest assavoir or de Pteine tuche, & argent del alay de le esterling, ou de meillur alay solunc la volente de celui a qui les ovres sont; E q nul ne oPe pir argent q moneie, & qe nul manere de vessele de argent ne parte hors des meins as overers, tant q ele soit assaie par les gar- deins du mester, e q ele soit signee de une teste de leopart; Qe nul ne oPe pir or q tuche de Parys ;

' ou devant Justices del common Baunk, a Inst, contrary to all Old Printed Copies.


s

s

S

K

S

'.**

i.

[U

ftttkt

*ife

ill

.<*È

Çk|È

ml

iltaa

bpi.

ÈlW?

Ça*o

Ôf*

'š Cj,

it, si

tjiil

e q les gardeins du mestcr aillent de shope en shope, entre les overers, assaiant q lor soit dele come le tuche avantdite, e sil trovent nul pir q la tuche, q lo9e soit forfet au Roi. Qe nul ne face anels croys, ne [fermail crois;'] Qe nul ne mette piere en or si ele ne soit na- turele. Qe taillurs de amans Sc de Seals, q il rendent a chescuny son poys, dargent & dor, ausi avant come il le poent sauver sur leur leaute; E les Jueus dor, qil unt entre meins de viele overe, qil sen deliverent a plus- tost qil poent; E sil achatent desore en avant de meisme cele ovÕe, qil le achatent pur despescer, & ne mie pur revendre. E en totes les bones viles Dengle- tVe, ou ia Orfeures qil fiacent meismes les estatutz q ceus de Loundres fount, e q un viegne de chescune vile pur touz, a Loundres de querre lour c?teine tuche. E si nul orfeure soit atteint q autrement le face q desus ne est ordene, soit puny p prison & p ranceon a la vo.lume le Roi. En totes les choses desusdites, e ches.cune de eles, voet le Roi, e entent il, & soen consail & touz ceus qui a cest ordenement furent, q le droit, & la Seignurie de sa Coroune savez lui soient par tout.

' fermaux. Et Old Printed Copies.

And that the Wardens of the Craft shall go from Shop ^

to Shop among the Goldsmiths, to essay if their Gold GuJXmUht be of the same Touch that is spoken of before; ^and if reguUted. they find any other than of the Touch aforesaid, the [Gold'] shall be forfeit to the Ring. And that none shall make [Rings, Crosses, nor Locks;'] and that none shall set any Stone in Gold, except it be natural. And that Gravers or Cutters of Stones, and of Seals shall give to each their weight of Silver and Gold, as near as they can, upon their fidelity; and the [Jewels of Base Gold1] which they have in their Hands, they shall utter as fast as they can; and from henceforth if they buy any of the same Work, they shall buy it [to work upon,4] and not to sell again. And that (*) all the good Towns of England, where any Goldsmiths be dwelling, (Ô) shall be ordered according to [this Esta- tute *] as they of London be ; and that one shall come from [every good Town for all the residue that be dwell.ing in the same,8] unto London, for to be ascertained of their Touch. And if any Goldsmith be attainted here.after, because that he hath done otherwise than before is ordained, he shall be punished by Imprisonment, and by Ransom at the KingÕs Pleasure. [And notwith- Saving of the standing *] all these Things before mentioned, or any Prerogative. Point of them, both the King and his Council, and all they that were present at the making of this Ordinance, will and intend that the Right and Prerogative of his Crown shall be saved to him in all Things.

1 Work * Ring-Cresses nor Clasp-Crosses

3 Jewels of Gold of Old Work

4 to break in pieces * in 6 they

7 the same Estatutes * each Town for all 9 In

(arts in ffl liB9 najtmi dfflei ilia asi *ia in ill jink as si

i Gaps ifakli BBS liner trace:

tiss

jJaEi

iana a,ii' sis* ItSEš lilijM q 5š pti* rbf

lift?

Statutum de Appellatis.'

Ex Rot. de Pari. 28 Edw. I. m. i.d.1

Deappellatis ducendis ad appellatores.

CUM ?ti Justiciar in singtis Comitatib3 Regni ad assisas in eisdem capiendas de novo sint assig- nati simulq, ad deliberacoem Gayolap eopdem Comi- tatuu in singtis adventibj suis faciendam post cap- c6em ea^dem assisaij put in statuto dni Regis inde confe&o pleni9 continet': Dns Rex ad Parliamentii suu apud Westm anno Regni sui [odavo! ] p pace firmius ob€vanda feloniisq, celerius convincendis & p'sonibj cicius delibandis, concessit, ordinavit, & sta- tuit, qd quicuq, fSint appellati p pbatores existentes in Gayolis quas ipi Justiciar delifeant, & ubicumq, in Regno ipi appellati comorantes fSint aut latitantes, qd statim mandetÕ Vicecomitiby, in quop balliva tali? appellati fSint comorantes aut po?unt inveniri, p ft re dni Regis sub testimonio eopdem Justiciar, qd tali? appellatos capiant & du?e faciant ad Gayolas ubi ap.pellatores p quos appellant' fSint detenti, et ibidem coram ipis Justic respondeant. Et si ipi appellati se sup priam posuerint, simitr mandet' p bre de judo p eosdem Justic, Vi? in cui9 balliva felonie fee fffint de quiby appellant', qd venire faciat coram eisdem Justic inquisicoem patrie ad eundem locu ubi appella.tores sunt detenti, & ad Stum diem. Et Vicecomites & alii in quop custodia appellatores detinem', admit- tant, sine cont'diccone, appellatos p eosdm pbatores, cu iidem appellati capti fSint in forma p*dca & ad ipos appellatores addu&i, &c.

A Statute roa Persons appealed.

WHEREAS certain Justices of late were assigned of bringing to take Assises in all Shires of the Realm, and Persons also to deliver the Gaols of the same Shires at every of appvdcd their comings, after the taking of such Assises, as more *? th',iorJ plainly is contained in a Statute made by the King p thereupon; Our Lord the King, at his Parliament holden at Westminster, the [eight and twentieth'] Year of his Reign, for more sure observation of his Peace, and Fe.lonies to be more quickly punished, and Prisoners to be sooner delivered, hath granted, ordained, and provided,

That whosoever be appealed by Provors, being in Prisons which the same Justices do deliver, and wheresoever in our Realm that such Appealees be dwelling (!), that immediately it shall be commanded to the Sheriff, in whose Bailiwick the Parties so appealed be commorant or may be found, by the KingÕs Writ, under the Testi.mony of the same Justices, that he do take such Persons appealed, and cause them to be brought unto the Gaols where the Appealors be kept that appealed them, and they shall answer there before the same Justices. And if they that be appealed will put themselves upon the Country, it shall be commanded in like manner by a Judicial Writ, from the same Justices to the Sheriff, in whose Liberty the Felonies were done, of which they were appealed, that he shall cause an Enquest of the Country to come before the same Justices, unto the same place where the Appealors be kept, at a certain Day. And the Sheriffs and other, in whose keeping such Appealors be detained, shall receive without Con- tradidion those that be appealed by such Provors, when the Parties appealed be taken in the Form abovesaid, and brought unto the same Appealors.

1 This Title is from the Old Printed Copies.

* Petus Codex, Jo. 94, b. sub An. 28 Edw. I. j f decimo o&avo Vetus Codex.

\ vicesimo o&avo MS. Colt. Claud. D. II.

Ô All Translations agree in this Reading. 1 or lurking


VOL. I.

Oo

Anno 29¡ EDWARDI,

I. A.D. 1300-1.

Concerning Lands taken into the King** Hands.

If no Title be found for the King on Inquest, the Lands shall be restored, with the Issues.

Saving of the KingÕs Right of Reseiser after Scire facias to the

Terre-tenant.

5>tatutum fte escaetonbus.

A STATUTE for ESCHEATORS.*

AT the Parliament of our Lord the King at Lincoln, in the Utas of Saint Hilary, the twenty-ninth year of his Reign, by his Council it was agreed, [and also commanded by the King himself, That from thence it should be observed and done'] according to the advice of the Reverend Father W. Langton, the Bishop of Co.ventry and Litchfield, and Treasurer to the King, John Langton then being Chancellor, [and other of the Coun.cil there present before the King That where Inquests taken by his Escheators, by any of the KingÕs Writs [purchased out of the Chancery being returned,3 ] and it be found by such Inquests, that nothing is holden of the King [whereby the King ought*] to have the custody of such Lands and Tenements by reason of [the!] In.quests taken (6) by his Escheators, that immediately and without any delay the Escheators shall be commanded by the KingÕs Writ had out of the Chancery, to put from their hands all the Lands and Tenements so (Õ) taken into the KingÕs possession ; and if they have taken any profits of such Lands and Tenements so taken into the King's hands by them, from the time that such Lands and Tenements fell into the KingÕs hands, they shall make full restitution to him or them, for whom it was found by Inquests (*) taken by the same Escheators, that such Lands (Õ) ought to remain ; Saving alway to the King, in case that after such time as his Escheators have dis.charged their hands by force of the KingÕs Writ, as before is said, if any thing happen to be found in the Chancery or the Exchequer, or in any other of the King's Courts, whereby the custody of such Lands, (9) whereof the Escheators have discharged their hands in form afore.said, should belong unto the King, that immediately he in whose possession such Lands happen to be, shall be summoned by a Writ out of the Chancery, to be before the King at a certain Day wheresoever, &c. to shew if he can say any thing, wherefore the King ought not to have the Custody of such Lands, according to the form of the Evidences or Remembrances found for the King ; and if he come in, and shew why the custody of such Lands do not belong, or ought not to belong unto the

1 before our Lord the King, the King himitlf contenting and com.manding that this from thenceforth thould be done and obterved,

* Roger de Brabazon, John de Metyngbam, Ralph de Hengham, William de Bereford, Roger de Hegham. Gilbert de Roubery, William Howard, William de Carleton, Wiliam Inge, John de Ljthegrejns, d.lam de Crokedaylt, William de Brompton, John de Drobentford, John de Bentlede, William Mortimer, Walter de Gloucetter, then Etcbealor on this tide the Trent ; to wit;

3 .Õhalt have been returned into the Chancery * in any way 5 tuch 6 into hit handt

'< by them Õ before 9 and Tenement!

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 2Sd.f

AD Parliamentum Dni Regis apud Lincoln, in Octabis S?i Hillar anno regni sui vicesimo nono, p consiliu P concordatum est, coram Diio Rege, ipo Rege consenciente & illud extunc fieri & observari pkipiente, [' de consilio veSabilis patris Wal?i de Lan- getoii Coventr & Lich Epi, tunc ejusdem Dni R. TheS, Jofiis de Langetoii tunc Cane!, Rog?i le Brabazon, Johis de MetynghÕm, Radi de Hengh'm, Willi de Bereford, Rogfi de Hegham, Gilfeti de Roubir, Willi Haward, Willi de Carleton, Willi Inge, Johis de Lythe- greyns, Ade de Crokedayk, Willi de Brompton, Johis de Drokenesford, Johis de Benstede, Willi de Mortuo Mari, Walti de Glou? tunc Esc cit* Trentam,'] videh: qd cum inquis p Escaetores suos capte [p quecumq, bria p Ô] in Cancellar ipius Dni p faint retomate, et p easdem inquis comptum fSit qd nichil teneatÕ de ipo Dho p, p quod custodia trap & ten, rone huj9modi inquis in manu Dni P p ipos Esc! capto^, ad ipm diim p [ullo!] modo ptineat, qd statim & absqs dilone aliqua mandet' p bre Dni P p Cane! p>cipiend, qd Es? de Pris & ten, sic in manu P p ipos captis, manu suam amoveant omio, et exitus si quos levavW de ipis Pris et ten sic in manu p p ipos captis, de tempe quo tre & ten (*) in manu p extit int, integre reddant ipi vel ipis, cui vel quibj, p inquis p us per eosdem Esc captas comptum fSit, qd tre & ten ilia debeant remanere; salvo semp duo J£ qd si postq4 Esc sui nianus amount, p bre ipius dni p ut p>dcm est, aliquid contigerit in- veniri in Can?, vel ad ScÕcm, seu alibi in Cur p, p quod custodia trap & ten eopdem, de quibj Esc manus suas amovW in forma pdea, duo p ptineat, qd statim pm uniat' ille in cuje seis ten p*dca fuint, p bre de Cane qd sit ad Ptum diem coram dho B: ubicumq, fSit &c. ostens si quid p se habeat, vel dice sciat, quare dus p custodiam eosdem ten habere non debeat, juxta formam evidenciap seu memorandop p ipo P comptop. Et si ven!it et p se ostendat quare eadem custodia ad dhm p non ptineat, aut ptinere

Ô Rot. Pari, tlf Ketus Codex, omit these Names. Old Printed Copiei read as follows:

De consilio venerabilis patris W. de Langetoh Coventr 8c Lich epi tunc ejusd regis thesaur Joannis de Langeton Can- cellar 8t aliorum de consilio tunc ibidem presentium & coram Rege;

1 au&Õte bfis quod dr Diem clausit extremu, f Rot.Pari:

3 nullo * ilia Vit. Cod.

¥ These Titles are from the Printed Copies, and Translations; no Title appears on the Statute Roll.

t There are two Entries of this A(X on the Back of the Roll here cited : t{ie first being crossed through, and the Words Ç Vacat quia ali? inferi5Ó written in the Margin. The first Entry is erroneous, by a material Omission. See Note 4. of the Various Readings. This A£l is also enrolled in a Roll of the Parliaments 26, 28, 29, 30 Edtu.l., in the Chapter House at Westminster; m. id. sub An. 29 ; and likewise in the Vetus Codex, in the Tower of London, fo. 94. b. In the Margin of both, is written Ò DÕ Pris capf in manu dni Reg p diem clausit ex'mu.Ó On the Close Roll 29 Edvi. I. m. 13 d. this ACt is enrolled with the following 1 itle in the Margin, Ò Quedam Ordinacio fca p ft 8c Cons suu sup inquisicoib} retornand in Cancellar." This Inrollment agrees exa&ly with that on the Statute Roll from which the Text is printed. From the Original Bill or A& now remaining in the Tower, it appears that the A£l was first made to extend only to Inquisitions on Writs of Diem clausit extremum, and afterwards altered so as to extend to Inquisitions on any Writs.


lW

lit:

WBcij

bVi

4> Hk Silk tlrt; ^ Wii

tedillj

"ftjl

Unit

a.]i

[ppa. ÈÈÈ!| oafiji še bfÇ

idiftti

fctiip

I gas

.lip

non debeat, [immo quod sibi remanere debeat, recedat quietus, & custodiam illam retineat; si autem p>mu- nitus non veniit, vel si veSit & nichil dicat quare B custodiam illam here n5 debeat,*] starim reseisient' tre & ten ilia in manu Dm BÈ n5ie custodie, tenend usqs ad legitimam etatem [heredum 'leojdem : Et sicut supius dCm est, qd si comptum fait p inquis p Esc? fcas & retomatas, qd custodia eopdem trap & ten in inquii contentop, & in manu B seisitop, dno B remanere non debeat, qd statim mandet' [EsC4] qd manus suas amoveant & exit9 integre reddant &c. Eodem modo si postq'm comptum fu?it p evidencias & memoranda in Cancf, ad Sc'cm aut alibi, ut p>dcm est, qd dns B custodiam eo^dem here debeat, respon- deatur ipi dno B de exit integre, p manus illop qui ?ras & ten ilia tenuerunt, a toto tempe postq* ten ilia p'mo in manu ipius Dhi B p Esc suos capta fuerunt [ p bria sup'dca.7] Et iste modus observet' decePo in Can?, non obstante quadam ordinacoe nup p diim B fca, de tVis & ten in manu suam p ministros suos capt, & n5 liband, nisi p ipm drim BÈ & put con- tinet' in quadam dividencia int ipm B & Can? fca & cuj9 una ps penes Cane remanet.

* Omitted in the first Entry on the Tower Roll.

> heredis 6 Escaetoribj \ Rot.Pari:

> p bre fJdcm quod dr Diem clausit extremum. f Fetus Codex.

King, but that it ought to remain to himself, he shall go quit, and retain the Custody ; but if the Party warned doth not come, or if that he come, and can shew nothing to put the King from the Custody, the Lands and Te.nements shall be forthwith reseised into the King's hands, to be kept in name of Wardship until the lawful age of [such Heirs, as before is said :'] And, as it is said before, if it be found by Inquests taken by the Eschea- tors, and returned, that the Custody of the same Lands and Tenements contained in the Inquest, and seised into the KingÕs hands, ought not to remain unto the King, then the [Escheator1] shall be commanded forthwith to discharge [his *] hands thereof, and to restore the Issues wholly (*): In like manner, if it be found after.ward by Evidences and Remembrances in the Chancery, Exchequer, or otherwhere, as before is said, that our Lord the King ought to have the Wardship thereof, the King shall be answered for the whole Issues and Pro.fits by the hands of such as held the same Lands and Tenements, from the time they were first taken into the KingÕs hands by his Escheators by the Writs above- said. And this Order shall be held from henceforth in the Chancery, notwithstanding a certain Ordinance lately made by our Lord the King, concerning Lands and Tenements taken into his hands by his Officers, and not to be delivered but by the King himself, and as it is contained in a certain Dividenda, or Indenture, made between the King himself and his Chancellor, whereof one part remaineth in the custody of the Chancellor.

1 the Heir thereof. 1 Ei cheat or/

3 their 4 &c.

Anno 33¡ EDWARDI, I. A.D.1305.

antsš it toš

HI1! sc

SBjSf

ia (Ç,l| : o&ii o B p fafi; nil

i

bte*

Ordinacio fca p tota coitate regni.

atš I tuJap n ft

jWi

iOffli

si*

Itfr

k!i

If*

,8*'

i a* **Õ

It'

t*

©jDtnatto De 3Jnqiris(tiombu£>.

An ORDINANCE for INQUESTS*

Ex Veteri Codice in Turr. Lond. fo. 102, b.

Tie Pari. 33 Edw. /. pest Fest. S. Mathie Jlp'li.

DE inquisiediby coram Justi? quib3cumqs capiend, & in quib3 Dns Rex est pars qualitercumqs; concordatum est p Dhm Regem & totum consilium & ordinatum, qd de cet'o, licet p ipos qui p dno Rege secunt', dicat' qd Jur inquisicom illap, seu aliqui illo£, no sint boni p Rege, non pp? hoc remaneant inqui- sicoes ille capiende; set si illi qui secunt' p Rege ali- quos Jur illojs calumpniati fuerunt, assignent c?tam causam calumpnie sue, & inquirat' Pitas illius calupnie sedm consuetudinem Curie ; & pcedat' ad capc&em illa^ inquisicionu put comptum fuit si calumpnie Pe sint nec ne, juxta discrecoem Justic. (Ô)

1 Ista Ordinatio precedens Sc Ordinatio sequens de Foresta fafte fuerunt in Parliamenf apud Westfn die Dominica prox post festum sanfli [Michaelis,1] anno regni Regis E. fit Regis H. tricesimo tertio. MS. Cott. Fesp. B. FII.

1 Matthei Apostoli Printed Copies.

OF Inquests to be taken before any of the Justices, and wherein our Lord the King is Party how.soever it be; It is agreed and ordained by the King and all his Council, That from henceforth, notwith.standing it be alledged by them that sue for the King, that the Jurors of those Inquests, or some of them, be not indifferent for the King, yet such Inquests shall not remain untaken for that cause ; but if they that sue for the King will challenge any of those Jurors, they shall assign of their Challenge a Cause certain, and the Truth of the same Challenge shall be enquired of ac.cording to the Custom of the Court; and let it be pro.ceeded to the Taking of the same Inquisitions, as it shall be found, if the Challenges be true, or not, after the Discretion of the Justices.

This Ordinance precedent, and the Ordinance fol.lowing of the Forest, were made in the Parliament at Westminster, the Sunday next [ before the Feast of Saint Matthew1] the Apostle, the three-ar.d-thirtieth year of the reign of King Edward, Son of King Henry.

Ô after the Feat! of Saint Matthias

* These Titles are from the old Printed Copies and Translations.

On Reseiser the King shall have all the Issues from the Time of the First Seiture.

Ordinance made for the whole Commonalty of the Realm.

Challenges of Jurors for the King, ¥hall be for a Cause certain.


Free Chace and free Warren in Landt of the Crown.

Lands

disafforested, not to have Common within the Forest;

unless again received into the Forest.

£>?Dtnatto iforeste.*

An ORDINANCE of the FOREST.

WHEREAS certain People that be put out of the Forest [for the Purliew, and by the great Men,'] have made Request [to our Lord the King] at this Parliament, that they might be acquitted of [their Charge/] and of Things that the Foresters demand of them, as they were wont [to be;3] Our Lord the King answered [first, That where he had granted Purliew,*] that he was pleased that it should stand in like Manner as it was granted, albeit that the Thing was sued and demanded in an evil Point; nevertheless he willeth and intendeth, that (s) all his demean Lands wheresoever they be, that have been [of the Crown, being re.turned 6] by way of Escheat, or otherwise, shall have Estate of Free-chase and Free-warren, and in such Manner shall be saved and kept to his Use for all manner of [Escheats,7] and for all manner of [Things *] that pleaseth him.

And in Right of them that have Lands and Tene.ments disafforested [for the said Purliew, and such as9] demand to have Common wuthin the Bounds of Fo.rests, the Intent and Will of our Lord the King is, That [from henceforth, where Purliew is, they may claim to be quit of Charge of the Forests. And whereas'¡] the KingÕs Beasts cannot have their Haunt and Repair unto [the Forest-ground," ] as they had, so long as [they "] were within the Forests, that such Folk shall not have Common, nor other Easement within the Bounds of the Woods, nor of the Lands, the which remain in Forest: But if any of them that be disafforested by the [Purliew,"] would rather be within the Forest as they were before, than to be out of the Forest as they be [ now, it pleaseth the King very well that they shall be received thereunto; so that they may remain in their antient Estate, and shall have Common and other Ease.ment ( .*) as well as they had before. Whereupon our Lord the King willeth and commandeth, That his Jus.tices of the Forest on this Side Trent, and beyond Trent, in like Manner shall keep and hold, and cause to be kept and holden straitly, the foresaid Points within their Liberties in the Form above mentioned.

' by the Perambulation and by the Grant of our Lord the King * Puture 310 1,0 heretofore

* tin -r he hath granted the Perambulation * alt hit ltemean, Woods, and

o if the Crown anciently, or which have reverted to the Crown . it :j/. * Sports of the fold

Ò by the said Perambulation, and who

' whereat by the Perambulation they claim to be quit of Puture, and that 11 the Lands disafforested " the said Lands

*3 Perambulation Ò hil Forrl,t

Ex Vtteri Codice in Turr. Land. fo. 113. b.

De Pari. 33 Edw. /. post Fest. S. Mattbie ApÕli.

CUME aucune gentz q sount mys hors de forest p la puralee, & p le g*nt nostre SeignÕ Ie Roi, aient requis a cest plement, quil soient quites de la [poture,' ] & de les choses q les foresters lour demaund- ent, sicome il soileint avaunt faire; Nre Seign' le Roi respount, puis quil ad gÒnte la purale, quil luy plest bien quele estoit auxi come il lad gÒnte; Ja soit ceo q la busoigne estoit siwie & demande en malveis point; Mais au meins entent il & voet, q touz ses demeigns (*) & toutes ses demeignes tres, quele pt quil soient, qui ount este de la corone auncienment, ou qui a la corone sount retoumez p veie deschete, ou en autre maSe, aient estat de fraunche chace & de fraunche garene; Et en tieu manere soient tenuz & gardez, a son oeps, pur totes manle de bestes, & pur tote marine de deduiz, q luy plera.

Et endroit de ceux, qui tres & tenemenz sount deaforestez p la dite p'alee, & qui demaundent davoir c5mun denz les boundes des forestes, Lentencion & la volunte nre Seignur le Roi est, puis q par la pu.rale il cleyment estre quites de [poture,3] & q les bestes le Roi ne puent avoir lour haunt ne lour repeire sr les tres desaforestez, sicome il avoient t*nt come mesmes les tres estoient dedenz foreste, q cele gentz ne deyvent avoir comune, ne autre aisement, dedenz les boundes des boys ne de tres qui demoerent en forest: Mais si aucuns de ceux, qi sount desafforestez par la puralee, voillcnt mieux estre dedenz forest, come avaunt furent, q de hores sicome il sount ores, il plest bien au Roi quil soient a ceo rezeeux, Ensint quil puissent demorer en lour estat auncien, & comune & autre aisement avoir, dedenz ses forestes, auxi come urent avaunt; Par quoi nre Seign' le Roi voet & comaunde q ses Justices de ses forestes, de cea Trent & dela Trent, ensement tiegnent & gardent, & tenir & garder facent fermement, les ditz pointz en lour Bail lies en la fourme avantdite.

1 puture Rot. Claus. * bois Rot. Claus.

3 puture des foresters, Rot. Claus.

* TÕ.is Title is in the Margin of the Inrolment. The Ordinance is also enrolled on the Close Roll 33 Ed. I. m. 18 d. with the following Title in the Margin Ô Quedam Ordinacio de Foresta 1J.Õ


dDjtbtnacto be Consptratorib5.*

An ORDINANCE concerning CONSPIRATORS.

Ex Veteri Codice in Turr. Lond. fo. 118. b.

De Pari. 33 Edwardi, I. in OElab. B. Marie.

CONSPIRATOURS sount ceux qui sentre alient p €ment covenaunt ou p autre alliaunce, qe ches- cun eidra & sustendra aut' emp'se de fausement & maliciousement enditer ou faire enditer, ou fausement acq'ter les gentz, ou faussement mover plees, ou meintenir; et auxi ceux q fount enfauntz deintz age appeler la gent de felonies p quei il sount em- p'sonez & moult g'vez ; Et ceux q receivent gentz de pais a leur robes ou a leur feez, pur meintenir lour mauveis emp'ses & pur verite esteindre, auxibien les pnours come les donours ; et Seneschaux et Baillifs de gÔuntz Seign's, qui p seigneurie officie ou poeir, en- pnont a meintenir ou sustenir pleez ou baretz pur pties autres q celes que touchent lestat lour seign's ou eux mesmes. Ista ordinatio & finalis diffinicio Conspirator fda fuit & finali? concordata p Regem & consilium suu in hoc pliamento, &c. Et ordinatum est qd Justic assignati ad div'sas tÕnsgr & felonias in singlis Com Angi audiend & tminand heant inde t'nscriptu &c. (*)

1 Campi Participes sunt qui per se vel per alios placita movent vel movere faciant; et ea suis sumptibus prosequuntur, ad campi partem, vel pro parte lucri habenda. Printed Copies.

CONSPIRATORS be they that do confeder or bind themselves by Oath, Covenant, or other Alliance, that every of them shall aid and [bear1] the other falsly and maliciously to indite, for cause to in.dite,1] or falsly to move or maintain Pleas; and also such as cause Children within Age to appeal Men of Felony, whereby they are imprisoned and sore grieved ; and such as retain Men in the Country with Liveries or Fees for to maintain their malicious Enterprises, (*); and this extendeth as well to the Takers, as to the Givers; and Stewards and Bailiffs of great Lords, which by their seignory, office, or power, undertake [to bear or maintain Quarrels, Pleas, or Debates, that concern other Parties4 ] than such as touch the Estate of their Lords or themselves. This Ordinance and final Definition of Conspirators was made and (5) ac.corded by the King and his Council [in his Parliament the thirty-third year of his Reign.4] And it was further ordained, that Justices assigned to the hearing and de.termining of Felonies and Trespasses (7) should have the Transcript hereof.

Champertors be they that move Pleas and Suits, or cause to be moved either by their own Procurement, or by others, and sue them at their proper Costs, for to have Part of the Land in variance, or Part of the Gains.

1 sustain the enterprise of

1 or cause to be indided, or falsely to acquit people,

3 and to drown the truth

4 to maintain or support Pleas or Quarrels for Partus, other 5 finally 6 in this Parliament, tlf c.

7 in the several Counties of England,

¥ This Title is in the Margin of the Inrollment. In the Printed Copies this is entitled Ô Diffinitio de Conspiratoribus.

A Definition of Conspirators *

Anno 34¡ EDWARDI, L A.D. 1306.

£>tatutum be eonjuncttm jfeoffatts.*

The STATUTE of JOINT-TENANTS.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 34.

De Anno regni, See. Tricesimo quarto.

REX Ofnib3 ad quos, &c. sattm. Non est novu qd Nos, in? ce?as legum edicoes quas temporibj nris adinvenim9, p nimia enormi t'nsgressione que in bnb3 nove dissele contingit, ce?is, in illis bfib3 celerius apponi decrevim9 remediu. Et quia qÕmpluries con.tingit, qd in assisis nove dissele, tenens excipit corn' que- rentem qd tenet tenementa petita conjunctm feoffatus cum uxe sua, non nominata in bn, aliq'ndo cunt aliquo extraneo, qui simili? non nominatur in bfi, & pfert car- tam que hoc testatur, & petit judiciu de bri; Concor- datum est & statutum, qd si pars queres offerat verifi- care p assisam qd die impetrac&is bris sui, ille qui talem excepcoem pposuit fSat solus tenens, ita qd

THE King unto All to whom These, See. Greeting.

It is no new Thing, that among divers Establish.ments of Laws, which We have ordained in our own Time upon the great and heinous Mischiefs that happen in Writs of Novel Disseisin chiefly above other, We have devised more speedy Remedy in those Writs than was before. And Forasmuch as it chanceth many Times in Assises of Novel Disseisin, that the Tenant doth except against the Plaintiff, that he holdeth the Tene.ments in Demand [jointly Õ] with his Wife, not named in the Writ, and sometime with a Stranger, (*) not named in the Writ, and sheweth forth a Deed testifying the same, and demandeth Judgement of the Writ; It is agreed and ordained, That if the Plaintiff will offer to aver by Assise, that the Day of his Writ purchased, he that alledged the Exception was sole Tenant, so that

1 being jointly cnfeojfed 1 likewise

¥ These Tides are from the Printed Copies. No Title appears on the Statute Roll.

Definition of Conspirator*.

Definition of Champertors.

Proceedings on Plea of Joint-tenancy by Tenant, in Assise of Novel Disseisin.


A Scire facias awarded to the Party named as Joint-tenant.

Punishment for false Pica.

Joint-tenancy shall not be pleaded by Bailiffs.

Double Damages to Party grieved.

Abatement of the Assise on such Plea being proved.

Joint-tenancy

cestor and Juris utrum.

Joint-tenancy pleaded in other real Aftions.

neither his Wife, nor any other had any Thing in the said Lands, then the Justices, before whom the Assise is arraigned, shall retain the same Deed safely in their keeping, until the Assise be tried between them there.upon, as that which is in a sort denied. And they shall [let the Party absent to understand by their Writ under their Testimony, and also to the Joint-tenant that is present, of whom the Deed maketh mention,'] that he be present at a certain Day with the other Tenant, to answer unto the Party Plaintiff, as well upon the Ex.ception alledged, as of the Lands demanded and put in View, if it seem expedient for him : At which Day if both that are named Tenants do come in, and do justify the same Feoffment, thev shall answer and maintain the Exception alledged by one of them, and further shall answer unto the Assise as though the original Writ had been purchased against both of them jointly. And if it be proved by Assise, that the Exception was alledged maliciously, to delay the Plaintiff of his Right, [so that they held not'] the same Land jointly the Day of the Writ purchased, then albeit the same Assise do pass for the Tenants, and against the Plaintiff, yet they that alledge the Exception, shall be punished by one YearÕs Imprisonment, whence they shall not be delivered with.out a grievous Fine. And let the Justices be well ad.vised, That from henceforth they do not allow (3) an Exception alledged by the Bailiffs of any such Te.nants. And if he that alledgeth the Exception absent himself at his Day, and the other that is named Joint- tenant do appear, although he that doth appear doth disavow the same Deed, and say that he hath nothing in the foresaid Tenements; nevertheless the Assise shall pass against the Tenant that is absent, by his Default. And if it be found by Assise, that they were not jointly enfeoffed the Day of the Writ purchased, and likewise that the Tenant against whom the Writ was purchased, or another named in the Writ, did disseise the Plaintiff, then, having regard to the Exception that was falsly and maliciously alledged to the hurt of the Party, and to the Disseisin that they made, the Party Plaintiff shall recover his Seisin and double Damages, and they that alledge the false Exception shall have the Punishment aforesaid. But if neither of the Tenants do come at the Day, then upon their Default the Assise shall pass against them. And if it be found thereby, that the same Ex.ception was lawfully and truly alledged, [and] that they which alledged it were jointly seized before the Plaintiff purchased his Writ against them, the Assise shall pass no further, but the Writ shall be abated. The same shall be observed, if both or one only do appear, if it be found by Assise that the Exception afore.said was truly alledged, as before is said. In the same Order it is established and agreed, That in Assises of Mortdauncestor, and Juris utrum, at the first day that the Parties appear in Court, if the Tenant alledge the foresaid Excepdon against the Demandant, shewing a Deed thereupon, and the Demandant will offer to aver by the Assise or Jury, that at the Day of his Writ pur.chased, he that alledged the Exception was sole Tenant, from thence the same Process and Manner of Proceed.ing shall be used in Assises of Mortdauncestor and Writs of Juris utrum, as before is ordained in Assises of Novel disseisin, and like Punishment shall be inflicted upon the Offenders and those that be convidl. In other Writs, whereby Tenements are demanded, such Process shall be made, that if at the first Day that the Parties appear in Court, the Tenant doth alledge the foresaid Excep.tion of a joint Feoffment, and the Demandant will offer to aver by the Country, that the Day of the Writ pur.chased, he that alledged the Exception was sole Te.nant, then the same Process and Manner of Proceeding shall be observed betwixt the Parties until a Jury have passed between them thereupon. And if it be found by the Jury, that the same Exception was truly alledged, then the Writ of the Demandant shall abate ; and if it be founden by the Jury, that the same Exception was

' by our Writ, under their Teste, let the party absent, whom the Deed testifyeth to have been jointly enfeoffed with the Tenant that is present, to understand,

'for that they mere not enfeoffed of È such

ux sua, nec alius aliquid huit in pdcis ten, tunc Justic coram quit>3 {Pdffa assisa arrainiata est, retineant (?dcam cartam salvo in custodia eo^dem, quousqs assisa inde inter eos fnsierit, ut illam que quasi dedifta est. Et scire faciant, p fere nrm sub eo£ testimonio, parti ab- senti, quam carta testatur simul cum tenente qui p>sens est conjundtim feoffari, qd sit ad c?tum diem, respon- sura simul cum alio tenente parti querenti, tam de excepcoe pposita qÒm de ten petitis & positis in visu, si sibi viderit expedire : Ad quern diem, si ambo qui di- cuntur tenentes venlint, & feoffamentum illud advoca- Pint, respondeant & manuteneant excepcoem p unu eo£ ppositam, & similiter ulterius ad assisam, ac si bre originale sup eos conjundtim fuisset impetÕtum. Et si convincat' p assisam qd exceptio ilia in retardacoem juris querentis maliciose fuit pposita, eo qd ipi non fuerunt conjundtim feoffati de ten illis, die impet'eois p>dci bris, tunc licet assisa ilia Pnsierit p tenentiby & cont* querentem, nichilomin9 puniant' talem excepcoem pponentes p prisonam unius anni, a qua non exeant absq, gÒvi redempeoe. Et caveant dece?o Justic qd talem excepcoem, sic ppositam p ballivos aliquojs te- nenciu, non admittant. Si autem ille qui excepcoem pposuit, se ad diem ilium absentavit, & alter qui dicitur conjundtim feoffatus comparuit, licet ipe comparens p*dcam cartam disadvocavÕit, & dixit se nichil bre in pdcis ten, nichilomin5 adjudicetur assisa versus tenen- tern absentem p ejus defaltam. Et si convincatur p assisam qd ipi non fSant conjundtim feoffati, die impe- tracois bris pPdci, et similiter convincat' qd tenens sup quern bre fuit impet'tum, vel alius noiatus in bri, disseis querentem, tunc hita consideracoe ad excepcoem, in lesionem partis falso & maliciose ppositam, & ad dis- seiam p eos fcam, pars querens recupet seisinam suam & dampna sua in duplum, et pponentes excepcoem il.lam heant penam supÕdcam. Si autem neuter tenenciii ad diem ilium veniit, tunc p eojj defaltam versus eos capiatur assisa. Et si comptum sit p eandem qd ex.ceptio ilia vere & rite fuit pposita, qd ipi, qui earn pponut f2ant conjundtim feoffati, anteqÕm querens bre suu versus ipcs impetravit, non pcedatur ulterius ad assisam, set casset' bre querentis. Hoc idem observe- tur si ambo vel unus tin venrt, si compiatur p assisam qd exceptio pYlca ut pMcm est veracit' fuit pposita. Eodem modo statutum & concordatum est, qd in assis mortis antecessoris & [Juratis de utrum,'] ad p'mu diem quo partes compuint in Curia si tenens pponat p*dcam excepcoem corn1 petentem, & de hoc ptendat cartam, & petens offerat verificare p assisam vel juratam qd die impefcois bris sui, ille qui talem excepcoem pposuit fuit solus tenens, extunc idem pcessus & modus pce- dendi servetur in hujusmodi assisis mortis antecessoris, & juratis de utru qui pordinatus est & statutus in assisis nove disseie, et eadem pena delinquent^ & convidtis infligat'. In aliis vero bribj, p que ten petunt' talis fiat pcessus, qd si pÕmo die quo partes compuint in Cur tenens pponat excepcoem p*dcam, de conjundb feoffamento, & petens offerat verificare, p Juratam patrie qd die impetracois bris sui, ille qui excepcoem illam pposuit fuit solus tenens, tunc idem pcessus St modus pcedendi servetur inter partes, quousq, Jurata inde inter eas tÕnsierit. Et si convincantur p Juratam qd exceptio ilia veracit* fuit pposita, tunc cassetur bre petentis; Et si compiatur p Juratam qd exceptio ilia falso & in

. f juris de utrum ã . . j n .

\_brevi de juri3 utrum J rm * Õ


!>njunctim

emk

.s

ui sua, nee riws ridqrid Irit ia^JiSs^ cotam qrnty j)Aci uasa. irrm arum salvo m custoda en^dÑ, inter eos insert, Çt 'AW qw sore hdant, jte ª W

senri, qvum cartt te&aUt anÈi\cÈÈ >Ñ est toT''"T'fU^

-i|ÇH,

- Ñ.*ÇÇ** SUDJdl C\BH

est conjunSki foffari, qd atsdVifc.- sura rim\A cm alio tenerne

: Parti

. È 'Ò.*1 excepc6e $>osta <fm Ae ten ytm k

sibi viderit expedite;: M <wtÈ 1

rÈ 'Ç¥Ç

v'int,

respondeant & ,

------vammtm. excepSš jÈ,

ppoatam, k similiter ulterius ad išm - oriainoU Ñ

Ñunenus ad asšš, xjj originak sup eos conjuntbm frisKt impeftaa. i, convince' p assisam qd exceptio iUa is tš*. juris querenhs maliriose frit ppositj,to^-?t fuerant conjuufidm feoSad 4e ten Is, p>dfi bris, tunc beet assisa ilia fnaeritptaaM cont* querentem, mchilomin5 punirnt takmaa^e pponentes p prisonam unius aiuu, a qua sot 03. absq, gNi redempede. It aveant deceto talem excepcdem, sic ppositam p ba\liÈÇ nenriu, non admittant. Si autem Se qri Ban pposuit, se ad diem ¥

%£**-as;:

Ptfcam canam disadvocaHt, k dixit Pdf is ten, nichilomin9 adjudicetur asasa rases tem absentem p ejus defaltam. Et si orig. >Èisam qd ipi non flint conjimflim ftofiti, fa tracois bris pdS, et similiter conracat' qd ibb: quern bre fuit impetÕtum, velaliusnoiatusnKjfc querentem, tunc hita consideratoe ad attpaai lesionem partis falso k malidose pposmidi seiam p eos fcam, pars querens recupet asš a & dampna sua in duplum, et pponentes excfjEe; iam beam penam supÕdcam. Si autem neuter te ad diem ilium vensit, tunc p eo^ deblun rasa; capiatur assisa. £t si comptum sit peaniaails ceptio ilia vere k rite fuit pposia, qd ipi, qs 3 piponut fuant conjundim fcoffiri, aMajÕinijtaeii suit versus ipos impetravit, non pdsninlmi assisam, set cassetÕ bre querentis. Hoc ifc As tur si ambo vel unus tm venit, si comptawpisi qd exceptio pMca ut ptei est rendt to pc Eodem modo statutum k concordatª est, qdÇ* mortis antecessoris k [Juratis de utrum,jadpaz quo partes compuint in Curia si totem fpMF exccpcdem coni' petentem, k de hoc pbfeÇ & petens offerat veri/lcare p assisam idjÈ< lie impetÕeois bnssui, ilk qri talem excepcWpa

die impercois

fuit solus tenens, extunc idem pcessus *ÇÈÈ(¥ dendi serretur in hujusmodi assists mortis iciasa pordinatus et i aa 1

& juratis de utru qur

assists nove dissefe, Ç Çdem pa

Ñ___

convidis inBigat'. In aliis veto b talis fiat pxressus, qd si pÔmo die quo pans exp

** foflgeC

in

Ò> Ñr__

Cur tenens pponit excepcbem ptaa, * Òr feofiamento, & petens offem verihaie, p jeaz*3 1 J;- ¥"'n*mcois bns sui, tile qui txcef&s^

-- i>Çtf

qu Un. __g

pposuit fuit solus tenens, rune idem pen* J: ~>'vrfnr inter partes, quousq, Jstia

J

pcedendi servetur inter partes.

Et si convincantur p tunc

eas ftisierit

ilia veracitfuit pposiu, tunc cassciu, ri compiatur p Juratam qd exceptio

lesionem partis pposita fuit, tunc petens recupet seiam suam de tenementis petitis, & tenens puniatur p penam statutam sup* in assisis nove disseie, quoad p'sonam et quoad dampna, sedm discrecoem Justif. Et volum9 & concedimus qd istud statutum incipiat tenere locu in Crastino festi Sci Petri ad vincula pximo futur.

Quia etiam Iites in Curia Xpianitatis ha&enus inde- bitas dilones multotiens sorciebantur, p hoc quod bre nrm, quod vocatur Indicavit, Judicibj taliu litiu in inicio ea^ delatum fuit, et sup hoc capitalis Justif nr, ad consultacoem sup tali pcessu faciendam, rite seu debito modo nequivit pcedere; concordatum est qd tale bre Indicavit alicui decePo non concedatur, ante- q*m lis in Cur Xpianitatis inter partes f8it contestata, et qd p inspeccoem libelli Cancellarius hr sup hoc 8tioret'. In cujus rei testim &c. T. R. apud Westm xxvij. die Maii.

Istud statutu missum fuit Justic de Banco, & in sin.gulis Comitatibj p Angt.

Et mandatum est pfatis Justic, qd statutum illud in dco Banco publice fac pclamari, & qÒntum ad ipos ptinet fir mi? observari.

Eodem modo mand est singulis vicecomitibj p Angt.

falsly alledged, and to the hindrance of the Party, then the Demandant shall recover his Seisin of the Tenements in Demand, and the Tenant shall be pu.nished by the Pain above limited in Assises of Novel disseisin as to the Imprisonment, and as to the Da.mages, according to the Discretion of the Justices.

And We will and grant, That this Statute shall take his Effect the morrow after the Feast of Saint Peter ad vincula next coming.

Forasmuch also as Pleas in Courts Spiritual hereto- When the fore had many Times unmeet Delays, for that our Writ that is called Indicavit was many Times brought before ,(,*]] be the Judges of such Matters when they were begun, gmntcd. and thereupon our chief Justices could not proceed law.fully, nor in due Manner to award a Writ of Consulta.tion upon such Manner of Process ; It is agreed, That such a Writ of Indicavit shall not be granted from henceforth to any, before the Matter hanging in the Spiritual Court between the Parties be [recorded,ÔJ and that our Chancellor shall be certified thereof by the Sight and Inspection of the Libel. In Witness of which Thing [We have caused these our Letters to be Patent.]

[I myself being witness *] at Westminster. Given the seven and twentieth Day of the Month of May, [the four and thirtieth Year of our Reign.]

This Statute was sent to the Justices of the Bench, and into the several Counties throughout England.

And It was commanded to the said Justices, that the said Sta.tute they do publicly cause to be proclaimed in the said Bench, and, as much as to them doth belong, to be firmly observed.

In the same manner it was commanded to the several Sheriffs throughout England.

1 advanced to Contestation * Witness the King

£>?Dtnatto foreste.*

An ORDINANCE of the FOREST.

Ex magno Rot. Slat, in Turr. Lond. m. 34.

ROinibj ad quos, &c. saftm. Dum imbecillitatis ¥ humane conspicim9 impfem, ac offa longe lateq, diffusa nris hunris incumbencia, atrenta considerate pensamus, intus nimirum pundturis diPsis torquemur, divsop cogitatuu fhi&ifn agitati, & vexamur frequent, nodles ducendo insompnes, quid agendum, quid tenendu, quidve exequendum existat, inter pcordia hesitantes ; in eo tamen, qui sup* cuncta tenens in excelsis impium, qui dat esse rebj, & dispensat put vult muSa gra£, cum sapiencie sue magnitudinem humani non capiant intelleftus, virtutes resumimus, spantes, qd in serviciis suis pficiat actus nros, & sue bonitatis clemencia nrm misericordi? videat & supleat impfeclu, ut ipius fulti fPsidio, p viam mandatoj* dni dirigamur. Profedto inter omia sollicitudini nre & cure inherencia, circa illud pcipue, nfa non infmissive versatur intendo, ut subditis nris regni nfi incolis, quietis & tÕnquillitatis dulcedinem pparemus, in quo£ quiete quiescimus, & in eop t'nquillitate, non sine suavitatis odore, in floribj pads desiderate, in?ius confovemur. Sane ex fideliu nroji relatibj, & oppssop crebris clamorib3, de quib3 nimia mentis comocoe turbamur, didicimus, qd p mini- stros forestall nra£, populus ejusdem regni miserabili?

'jpHE King unto All to whom, &cc. Greeting: While We behold the Imperfe&ion of human weakness, and weigh with attentive consideration the burthens far and wide dif.fused that lie upon our shoulders, We are indeed inwardly tormented with divers compunctions, tossed about by the waves of divers thoughts, and are frequently troubled, passing sleepless nights; hesitating in our inmost soul upon what ought to be done, what to be held, or what to be prosecuted; Yet, under Him, who holding in Heaven the Empire over all things, bringeth every thing into existence, and dispenseth the Gifts of his Grace as it pleaseth him, while the Under.standings of Men cannot conceive the greatness of his wisv dom, We do resume our power j Trusring that He will per.fect our AClions in his service, and in the clemency of his goodness will mercifully look upon, and supply our Defi.ciency ; that We relying upon his protection, may be di.rected in the path of our LordÕs Commandments. Truly among all the Things which rest upon our care and anxiety, about this chiefly is our mind busied without intermission, that We may prepare the pleasantness of ease and quiet for our SubjcCts dwelling in our Realm, in whose quiet we have rest, and in their tranquillity we are inwardly cherished with the Odours of satisfaction amidst the Flowers of hoped- for Peace. We have indeed learned, from the information of our faithful Servants and the frequent cries of the op.pressed, whereby we are disturbed with excessive Commotion of Mind, that the People of the said Realm are, by the Officers of our Forests, miserably oppressed, impoverished,

r juris de ÒtrÒm (Leri dejuw utnim

* This Title is from the Old Printed Copies, which omit the introductory Sentences previous to Chapter I.

No Title appears on the Statute Roll.


i.

Presentments of Offences in the Forest.

II.

Supplying of Officers.

III.

No Officer to be put on Juries, See.

IV.

Punishment of Officers surcharging the Forest.

and troubled with many wrongs, being every where molested. For sometimes the Accusations of the Forest, and Indict.ments, commonly so called, are made not by lawful Inquests of good Men and true of the Country, preceding them, as Justice doth require, but upon the Command of one or per.haps two of the Foresters, or upon the Command of one or perhaps two of the Verderers ; who from hatred or other.wise maliciously, that they may extort Money from some one, do accuse or indiCt whom they will; and thereupon do follow grievous Attachments, and the innocent Man is punished, who hath incurred no Fault or Offence at all. Moreover the People is oppressed with the Multitude of Foresters and other Officers, who not having wherewithal to get their living by other means, must needs live upon the neighbourhood of the Forest * and what is worse, they do justify this their way of life in right of their place: Accordingly by selling and giving away, for such Victuals as they want, and in many ways diminishing, and suffering to be diminished the Wood in their Charge, or deputed to their Charge, and the Deer therein being, in successive Process of Time, they do de.stroy and annihilate the same, to the intolerable damage of Us and our Heirs. What further ? It would be difficult to re.late separately the Losses and Grievances which happen in these Matters, as We have heard them: Being therefore desirous to prevent such Oppressions and Grievances, which without heavy Scandal We can no longer suffer to pass with Indifference, by all ways and Means in our Power, and to provide with our most diligent endeavour for the Peace and Tranquillity ot the Inhabitants of our Realm :

FIRST, [We have ordained '] for ourselves and our Heirs, that (Õ) all Trespasses hereafter to be done in our Forests, of Green-hugh, and of Hunting, the Fo.resters within whose Bailiwicks such Trespasses shall happen to be committed, shall present the same at the next Swanimote before the Foresters, Verdors, Regar- dors, Agistors, and other Ministers of the same Forest; and upon such Presentations there before the Foresters, Verdors, (s) and all other Ministers aforesaid, by the Oath as well of Knights as of other lawful and honest Men of the nearest parts where the Trespass so pre.sented shall be done, not suspe&ed, the truth of the Matter shall be [lawfully *] enquired of; and the truth so enquired of, the same Presentations by the common accord and assent of all the Ministers aforesaid, shall be solemnly confirmed and sealed with their Seals. And if an Indictment be in any other manner, it shall be adjudged void.

AND if it happen any of the said Foresters, Regardors, or other Ministers of the same Forests do die, or by Sickness or other means to be hindred, whereby he cannot be present at the same Swanimote, presently the Justice of the same Forest, or his Lieutenant, shall put another in his place., so that the Indictment may be made by all in form aforesaid; and that the Officers which are to be placed, shall be put in as heretofore it hath been used to be, except the Verderors, who shall be ordained by Elettion, and by our Writ,

AND We will, that none of the foresaid Ministers shall hereafter be put in any Assises, Juries, or Enquests to be taken without the Forest.

AND if there be any Surcharge found [of5] the Foresters, or by such other as take upon them to be Officers of the Forests, such Surchargers shall be re.moved and imprisoned according to the discretion of the Justice of the Forest, or his Lieutenant j and they by whom they were placed shall be also punished at our pleasure. And at every Swanimote Inquisition shall be (6) made of Surcharges of Foresters, and other Ministers of the Forest, and of their Oppressions done to our People ; [and Reformation and Punishment shall be done7] as it is ordained before.

1 We do ¥will and ordain 1 * * concerning

1 Regardon, dgiitori, 4 fully

i fry 6 solemnly

: and they shall make thereof Amends, and be punished,

oppÔmitur, depaupatur, & divaÕs afficit' injuriis, undiq^ molestatus. Nonnunq1 etenim hunt accusac&es de Fo- resta, & indi&acoes vulgari? sic appellate, non p legi. timas inquisicoes pbop & leg holm patrie f?cedentes, ut justicia requirit, set ad dem unius vel forsan duop de forestariis, aut ad dem unius, vel forsan duo£ de viridariis, qui ex odio, aut alias maliciose, ut ab aliquo pecuniam extorqueant, quenq*m accusant vel indicant, & exinde sequnt' attachiamenta g*via, & punit' inno- cens quern nulla omnio culpa seu deliftum constringit. Opprimit' eciam populus p multitudine forestarioji & aliojt Ministrop, quos cum non heant unde aliunde vivant, p priam foreste adjacentem vive oportebit eos- dem, et quod est de?ius, p jure officii sui vendicant, ut sic vivant: Isti nichiloinin9, p suis viclualib; quity egent, boscum sue custodie, aut sub suis custodiis deputatum, & feras in eisdem existentes, vendendo, donando, & multiplied minuendo, ac minui pmittendo, suscessivis diep pcessiby destruut & adnichilant, ad nrm & heredum nrop intollerabile detrimentu. Quid plura; dampna & g'vamina que circa hec pveniut, ut accepimus, difficile foret p singula enarrare:

Cupientes itaq, oppÕssionibj & gÕvaminibj hujusmodi, que absq, g"vi scandalo diutius sub dissimulacoe pke- rire nequimus, modis & viis omib} quibj possumus obviare, ac regni nri incolaj paci & t*nquillitati pvigili studio pvidere: Volum9 in primis & ordinamus, p nobis & heredibj nfis, qd de tÕnsgressionibj in forestis nris, de viridi & venac&e deceto faciendis, forestarii, infra quo£ ballivas hujusmodi t*nsgressiones fieri con- tigit, p'sentent easdem ad pxima swanimota, coram fo.restariis, viridariis, regardatoribj, agistatoribj, Sc aliis eapdem foresta^ ministris, et sup p'sentacoibj hujusmodi ibidem, coram forestariis, viridariis, & omib) aliis mi.nistris sup'dcis, p saerm, tarn militum qam aliop pbop & leg holm de partibj vicinioribj, ubi t'nsgressiones sic p'sentate fee fuint, non suspectoj, veritas plenius inquirat', et sic inquisita veritate, p'sentacoes ille p coem concordiam & assensum olm Ministrojs pMcop sollempni? roborentur, & sigillis suis sigillentur. Et si alio modo fiat indiftamentu, p nullo penitus heatur.

Et si aliquem pkicop forestario^, regardatoj, aut aliop ministro^ forestaij ipap, obire contingat, seu p eg'tudinem vel alio modo impediri, quominus intesse valeat hujusmodi swanimotis, incontinenti Justic fo.reste, seu locum ejus tenes, ponat aliu loco suo, Ita videlicet qd indiftamentu fiat p omes in forma p*dca, qdq, ministri qui ponendi sunt ponantr sicut haftenus fieri consuevit, exceptis viridariis, qui p eleccoem, & p bre nrm deputabunt'.

Et volumus qd nullus Ministro^ pMcoi> in assisis, juratis, seu inquisieoibj, extra forestam capiendis, de- cet\) ponatur.

Et si supoSatio forestarioji, aut aliop, qui se gerunt ut Ministros foreste, inveniat', amoveantur hujusmodi supoSantes, & imprisonentur sedm discrecoem Justic foreste vel ejus locum tenentis, necnon & illi p quos positi fuant, ad voluntatem nrain similiter puniantur. Et ad quodlibet swanimotu inquirat' sollempnit de supoSacoe forestario^, & alio£ Ministro^ foreste & de eop oppssionibt populo nro illatis, & fiat inde emende & punicoes, put supius est exp'ssum.


JD.1306.

urn

šius?e|

.Mi

IX

fe,

*ÈqiZ ottKa so Jajj

1 Wl Stg ^ txšša,n^

.i aci

it &

t

Çijt

mÒJ quib; jtgj

isgrtssraKs fa a swsninoa, mi jpaaiji i

is, At omin li t itum qfa i;, obi Aspš* ¥ectoj, tcriffi [fai

e.

im i uis sigiliansr. ti

ullo peak fax io^, regiKEii fa condapjK; ri, non ss :ominam jail it aliii tottii nes is faafk nanf itflfa qui p (faš1

liof,f ÇP* veantur teš1 ifateaš]š non Stiff!* imilitš pf %' xW-1

stroj feš** fa ini &

AS touching them that [commit'] Trespasses of v- Green-hugh, or Hunting (*) at such Times as the Forest ^Ôgrounds was disafforested ; (J) We will that those Offences shall disafforested, be pardoned, saving such Trespasses which were com.mitted in that Part which [doth 4] remain Forest; yet so, as that the Hedges and Ditches made in the mean time shall be wholly cast down, removed, and avoided; saving our Arrentations, which We will have remain ac.cording to the Assise of the Forest. The Wood which Sjjeuf Woo<1 is felled and cut down shall be removed; and the Wood which is standing shall remain in the Forest. And if any such Wood yet standing be sold, it shall remain in the Forest, and the Seller shall satisfy the Buyer ac.cording to the quantity of the Wood standing in the Forest, and so sold in the mean time, (') as he re.ceived of him.

Quoad illos vero qui, tempore quo foresta deaffores- tata fuit, t*nsgressiones de viridi aut venacbe in foresta fecerunt, quia deafforestacoem eandem & ut sentencia excoicacbis in cont*venientes fulminaret' q*mq*m de nra bona voluntate mini me pcessisset, concessimus, quam quidem sentenciam dns sumus pontifex, postmodum revocavit, & quas concessionem & deafforestacoem ex 2tis causis revocamus, & eciam adnullam9, volum9 qd t*nsgressiones hujusmodi pdonentur, tÕnsgressionibj illis exceptis, que in ea parte [que foresta'] remansit comisse fuerunt. Ita tamen qd haye & fossata fta medio tempore pstemat' & penitus amoveantÕ & ad- nichilentur, salvis arentaebibj nris, quas sedm assisam foreste volum9 remanere. Boscus autem cesus & pstra- tus amoveatur, et boscus stans, remaneat in foresta. Et si forte aliquis talis boscus adhuc stans sit vendi- tus, in foresta remaneat, et venditor satisfaciat emptori, juxta q'ntitatem porcionis bosci stands in foresta, & tali? medio tempore venditi, & put cepit de eodem.

Volum9 eciam qd Justic foreste nre, vel ejus locum tenens, in psencia Thes nri, & p assensum ejusdem, heat potestatem capiendi fines & redempeoes illop qui sunt indcati, de thisgressionibj usep, nuc in foresta co- missis, Idnere Justic minime expeftato. Volum9 insup qd illi qui coem pasturam in foresta, ante pambula.coem foam hebant, et qui sunt postea reposid in fo.resta, quiq^ de dca comuna, p pambulacoem p>dcam fSant impediri, habeant coem pasturam deceto in fo- resds, adeo large & libere, sicut ante pambulacoem foam habere solebant; Salvis arentacoibj nris in forma p>di?a. In cujus &c. T.JE apud Westm xxvij die Maij.

Consimiles litte misse fuerunt ad singulos Comitatus p Angt. ^

Et mand est singulis vicecomitiby p Angt, qd litras illas, in plenis Comitatibj suis, legi, & ordinacbem in eisdem contentam publice fac pclamari.

p- Justic foreste sue ultra Trentam [vel tjus locu j tenenti'] saltm. Dum imbecillitatis Ac. Salvis aren- taebibj in forma pica. Et ideo vobis mandamus qd ordinacbem nram pdcam, in balliva vra fac publice ] pclamari, & earn deceto, in oiniby A singulis suis | art'clis observeus, A p totam ballivam /ram, faciads firmit & inviolabilit observari. T. ut sup'.

Eodem modo scribit' Justic foreste citra I rentam, vel ejus locum tenend.

i! Interlined on the Roll.

WE will also, That our Justice of the Forest, or his VI. Lieutenant, in the Presence of our Treasurer, and by his Assent, shall have Authority to take Fines and [Amerciaments "J of those which be indifted for Tres.passes committed in our Forests, (7) and not tarry for the Eyre of the Justice. And moreover We will, that they which had Common of Pasture in the Forest before the Perambulation was made, and which were after returned into the Forest, and that were restrained of Common by the said Perambulation, shall have their Common of Pasture hereafter in the Forest, as freely and largely as they were wont to have before the Per.ambulation made; Saving our Arrentadons in Form aforesaid. In Witness whereof, &c. at Westminster,

[28 dieMaii, anno 34Edwardi primi.8]

Like Letters were sent to the several Counties throughout

England.

And It was commanded to the several Sheriffs throughout England, that they cause those Letters to be read in their full County Courts, and the Ordinance of the King contained in the same to be publickly proclaimed.

The King to the Justice of Ins Forest on the other side of the Trent, or to his Lieutenant, Greeting. Ò While We, &c.

Saving our Arrentations in form afore.-aid.Ó And therefore We command you, that our Ordinance afore-uJ, in your Bailiwick you do cause to be publickly proclaimed, and the same from henceforth in all and singular its Articles you lo observe, and throughout vour who! ¥ Bailiwick do cause to he firmly and inviolably observed. Witness as aiiove.

In the same manner it is written t.i the Justice of the Fore*! on this side of Trent, or to his Lieutenant.

1 commitle.l 1 in the Forest

5 Inasmuch as Wt ourtelvcs frame l the sai l liit ÕJforettatton, ant! that Sentence of Excommunication should he pronounced ?T.lr t t1oer ¥¥.¥ha con.travened the same, although the time littic ft .¥.¥lr 1 from our g'aa wi V. which Sentence indeed our Lord the Pope ajternujrd. revoked, and no hi. h Grant and Dwtjfore elation Wt, for certain eau.se, Jo t evoke and annuli ;

4 did Ô and

6 Redemptions ; before this t.me,

Ô the fwenty-etvmth then of May.

Voi.. I.

Q q


Causes of

Ere&ion of Abbiea.

Anno 35¡ EDWARDI., I. A.D.1306-7.

Statutum

The STATUTE

late it came to the Knowledge of our Lord the King, by the grievous Complaint of the honour.able Persons, Lords, and other Noblemen of his Realm, that whereas Monasteries, Priories, and other Religious Houses were founded to the honour and glory of God, and the advancement of the Holy Church, by the King and his Progenitors, and by the said Noblemen and their Ancestors, and a very great Portion of Lands and Tenements have been given by them to the said Mo.nasteries, Priories, and Houses, and the Religious Men serving God in them, to the Intent that Clerks and Laymen might be admitted in such Monasteries, Pri.ories, and Religious Houses, according to their suf.ficient Ability, and that sick and feeble Men might be maintained, Hospitality, Almsgiving, and other cha.ritable Deeds might be [done, and that in them Prayers might be said '] for the Souls of the said Founders and their Heirs; the Abbots, Priors, and Govemours of the said Houses, and certain Aliens their Superiours, as the Abbots and Priors of (*) Cestercienses, and Pre- monstratenses, and of the [Order3] of St. Augustine, and St. Benedift, and many more of other Religion and Order, have [at their own Pleasures set *] divers unwonted, heavy, and importable Tallages, Payments, and Impositions upon every of the said Monasteries and Houses in Subjedion unto them in England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales, without the Privity of our Lord the King and his Nobility, contrary to the Laws and Customs of the said Realm ; and thereby the Number of Religious Persons, and other Servants in the said Houses and Religious Places being oppressed by such Tallages, Payments, and Impositions, the Service of God is diminished, Alms [being not given to5] the Poor, the Sick, and Feeble, the Healths of the Living and the Souls of the Dead be miserably defrauded, Hospitality, Almsgiving, and other godly Deeds do cease ; and so that which in Times past was charitably given to godly uses, and to the increase of the Ser.vice of God, is now converted to an evil [end ;6] by Permission whereof (7) there groweth great Scandal to the People, and infinite Losses [and Disheritances are like to ensue to"] the Founders of the said Houses

Ô exercised and done in them

* the Orders of Cluniacenses, 3 Orders

' newly appointed to be made, and at their own pleasure ordained ' are withheld from 6 Tax ;

7 besides those things which arc before mentioned,

8 are well inown to have ensued, and are still Hie to ensue, to the Disherison of

Barlfolt.*

of CARLISLE.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 33. XJUP ad noticiam dm Regis, ex g*vi querela Mag- 1 w natum, pcVim, & aliop nobiliu regni sui, pvenit, qd cum Monasteria, Prioratus, & domus religiose, ad laudem & honors dei, fic ad exaltac&em see ecctie, p Regem & pgenitores suos, & p defos Magnates fit no- biles & eop antecessores fundata fuissent & terrefic tenementa qhnplurima essent data p ipos dcis Monas- teriis, Prioratib}, & domibj, ac viris religiosis in eisdem Deo servientibj, ut in hujusmodi Monasteriis (Ô) fit do.mibj religiosis, tam Clerici qÔm laid admittentur, sedm suap sufficienciam facultatum, fic infirmi ac debiles sustentarent', hospitalitates, elemosinap largicoes, fit alia pietatis [opa,1] ex^cerent', fic p animabj pdcop funda- top, & heredu suop fierent in eisdem: Abbes, Priores fit Custodes eapdem domop, fic quidam eop supiores alie- nigene, utpote Abbes fit Priores Cluniaceii, Cistertieii, fic [ pmostra - -3 ] 8t Scop Augustini fit Benedci ordinu, & ceti q'mplures, alterius religionis fit ordinis, novir p singula Monasteria, 8t domos eis subjefta in Angt, Hibn, Scocia, 8t Wallia, div*sa tallagia, census fic im- posicoes insolitas, g*ves fit importabiles, dno Rege Mag- natibusq^ suis inconsultis, fieri statuerunt, fit p suo libito ordinarunt, cont* leges fic consuetudines dS regni; ex quo fit, ut nuiSs religiosop, fic aliop €vitop, in hujus.modi domibj, fic locis religiosis, p tallagia hujusmodi, census fic imposicoes oppWs, minuit' cultus divinus, fit alimonie paupibj, infirmis fic debilibj subtrahunt'; fit salutes vivop, fic anime mortuop miserabiii? defraudant', hospitalitates, eleniosinap largicbes, ac cePa cessant opa caritatis ; sicqs quod olim in usus pios, 8c ad divini cultus augmentum, caritative fSant erogatum, jam in censum repbum est conv'sum; unde, pter ea que pmittunt', scandalum non modicu crescit in populo, fic dampna innuiria, in exheredacoem pdcop fundatop ac heredum

* 0l¡ratlb5}W- ^ Scot-

3 pmostracen Fetus Codex.

* In the Old Printed Copies this Statute is intituled Ô Statutum de Asportatis Religiosorum.Õ In CayÕs Edition of the Statutes it is intituled Ô Statutum de Apportis Religiosorum." It is entered in the Vetus Codex fo. 1 ay, b: In fo. 150 of the same Codex is an Entry of other Proceedings on the Subjeft, in this Parliament of 33 Edw. I., to which reference is made in the Statute of Provisors 25 Edw. III. An Exemplification of this Statute, marked on the Label for the Seal Ô MittatÕ in Scot.Õis preserved among the Records of the Receipt of the Exchequer, in the Chapter House at Westminster. The Various Readings from this Exemplification are marked Exempt, pro Scot. In the Tower of London is preserved a Transcript of the Adi 33 Edw. I., which agrees exadfly with the Recital thereof in the Text, beginning Ô Ne quis Abbas,Õ ending with the words Ô forisface po?unt in futuru,' and bearing Teste as follows: Ô T. {Jr apud Karim xx. die Marcii anno regni IV nuc tÕcesimo ?cio.Õ


1306-7-

35¡ Edw. I. Stat. Karlioli, c. 1Ñ4.

151

*DI, I.

A.D.1306.

7.

n Satttoli.*

E w CARLISLE.

N

ExnaZ'l¡fo,.Sta.mTmL.

TUPadnoridamdSi

t

*È.!***

^[fa So,. ' Ò k ÒI *È'Ç*Ç! fafa tenemenu q*mp]Urima essay dfcj ^il. <enis, Pnoraobj, & domibj, acwis^ Deo so-vientib}, ut in hujasmodiMonastenki mib} religiosis, tarn Clerici qÔm hid ^ sfdm suap sufficiency facultaiª,^^ susfentarent', hospitalitates, elemosi^ bijiklj pietatis [opa,1] ex^cerent', k p animatn pi&b toji, k heredu suop fierem in dsdeti: AS&fe & Custodes eapdem domo^, & quidam eoppaÇ nigene, utpote Atfces Sc Priores Ciuniacra, Gsa & [ pmostra - ¥Õ ] Sc Sfof Augusdni i Besdoai & ceti q'mplures, aJterius religions & mbis,H p singula Monasteria, k domos w subjeda aie Hibii, Scocia, k Wallia, divsa tallagia, cash posicoes insolitas, g*ves & imporubiles, dno Rspfe natibusq, suis inconsultis, fieri statuenmt,ipoÇ ordinanint, corn* leges Sc consuetndines ft rtpi.s quo fir, ut nui8s religiosop, Sc aliop n*fi*k modi domibi, & locis reb'giosis, p I# Is?š census k imposicoes oppssis, minuit'csiniiiš1 alimonie paupibj, infimis k debility ¥ salutes vivop, k anime mortuoj maM^ hospitalitates, elemosma? largiffles, acceticse?

can tats; sicq,. augmentum, caritative ffiant erogamm, jac c ^ repbum est convÕsum; unde, pier of ^ scandalum non modicu crescit in populo,! *- jnmufia, in exheredacoem pdeof hatur*-"

1 Prjontibjl^.^ . onia J

i pmostneen V<t**

Sett.

In cÈr'È

i:

J .Mittal'fl5š0, . ipt

siino

*uop, pcul dubio pvenisse noscunt', & adhuc verisi- militer p>sumit' pvenire, nisi tantis & tam g*vibj detri- mentis, celeri & salubri remedio obvietur: Considerans igit' p>fatus diis Rex, sibi & populo suo valde fore dampnosum, si tam gÕndes ja&uras & insolencias sus- tineret diutius sub dissimulactie t*nsire, volensq,, idcirco Monasteria, Prioratus, & alias religioso^ domos k loca in regno & ?ris, dnio suo subjeftis, constituta, scfdm voluntatem & pia vota fundatop ipsojs manutenere & defendere, & cont* hujusmodi opp>ssiones de con- gruo remedio pvidere dece?o, ut tenet', de consilia Comitu, Baronu, Magnatu, p?um, k aliop nobilium, k regni sui coitatum, in parliamento suo apud Westin, die diiica pxima post festum s2i Mathie apti, anno regni sui Tricesimo ?cio ftito, ordinavit & statuit : Ne quis Abbas, Prior, Mag?, Custos seu quivis alius religiosus, cujuscumq, condic&is, seu status aut religionis existat, sub potestate & diefte sua constitutus, censum aliquem p supiores suos, Abbes, Priores, Magros, Custodes religiosajt domop vel locop impositum, vel in? se ipos aliquali? ordinatum, ext* regnu & dnium suu, sub noie redditus, tallagii, apporti, seu imposiebis cujus- cuqÈ vel alias noie escambii, vendicois, mutui, vel alte- rius contra&us, quocuq, noie censeat', p se vel p i8ca- tores aut alios, clam vel palam, arte vel ingenio, [defe- rat1] vel t*nsmittat, seu deferri faciat quoquomodo; nec eciam ad partes ex?as se diktat, causa visitac&is aut alio colore quesito, ut sic bona Monasterio^ & domo^ suaj>, ext* regnu & dnium pMcm adducat. Et si quis cont* p>sens statutum venire psumpserit, considerata qualitate delicti & regie phibic&is pensato contemptu, g*vi? puniat'.

Pre?ea inhibet pfatus dns Rex omibj & singulis Ab- batibj, Prioribj, Magris, Custodibj religiosa^ domo^, & locop alienigenis, quoj> potestati, subjeccoi, & obedien- cie, domus eopdem ordinu, in regno & dnio suo exis- tentes subdunt', ne decetro tallagia, census, imjx)sic6es, apporta, seu alia quecumqs 08a, aliquibj Monasteriis, Prioratibj, seu aliis domib? religiosis, eis ut pdicitur sic subjeftis, imponant, vel faciant aliquali? assidere; et hoc sub forisftura oim que in potestate sua optinent & forisfa?e po?unt in futuru.

Et insup ordinavit diis Rex & statuit, qd Abbes Cis- tertien, & Premostracen ordinu, & alio£ religiosorum, quo^ sigillum in custodia Abbis, k [non 'J Conventus prius residere tfnmodo consuevit, dece?o habeant sigil.lum coe, & illud in custodia Prioris Monasrii, sive domus, & q*tuor de digniorib}, & discreciorib5 ejus- dem loci Convent9, sub privato sigillo Afebis ipius loci custodiend deponant; Ita qd Abbas, seu Supior domus cui pest, p se contractum aliquem, seu obliga- c6em nullatenus possit firmare, sicut hacienus fa?e consuevit. Et si forsan aliqua sc'pta obligatoria dona- cionu, empeionu, vendicionum, alienacionu, seu alioj> contraftuu quopeumq^, alio sigillo, q"m tali sigillo coi, sicut pmittit' custodito, inveniant' amodo sigillata, p nullis penit9 habeant', omniq, careant firmitate. Ce?uin intencois dni Regis non existit, Abbes, Priores, & alios

1 tÕnsferat Exempt, pro Scot.

¥ J Interlined on the Roll; t Exempli/, pro Scot, and Eetus Codex insert.

and their Heirs, unless speedy and sufficient Remedy be provided to redress so many and grievous De.triments : Wherefore our foresaid Lord the King, con.sidering that it would be very prejudicial to him and his People if he should any longer suffer so great, Losses and Injuries to be winked at, and therefore being willing to maintain and defend the Monasteries, Priories, and other Religious Houses (Ô) erefted in his Kingdom, and in all Lands subject to his Dominion, (Õ) and from henceforth to provide sufficient Remedy to reform such Oppressions, as he is bound, by the Counsel of his Earls, Barons, Great Men, and other Nobles (*) of his Kingdom in his Parliament holden at Westminster, [in the five and thirtieth year of his Reign, hath or.dained and enatted :*]

Ò THAT no Abbot, Prior, Master, Warden, or other Religious Person, of whatsoever Condition, State, or Religion he be, being under the KingÕs Power or Ju- risdi&ion, shall by himself, or by Merchants or others, secretly or openly, by any [Device or Means,Ô3 carry or send, or by any Means cause to be sent, any Tax imposed by the Abbots, Priors, Masters, or Wardens of Religious Houses (6) their Superiors, or (7) assessed amongst themselves, out of his Kingdom and his Do.minion, under the Name of a Rent, Tallage, (*) or any kind of Imposition, or otherwise [by the way93 of Exchange, [mutual Sale,10] or other Contratt how.soever it may be termed ; neither shall depart into any other Country for Visitation, or upon any other Colour, by that Means to carry the Goods of their Monasteries and Houses out of the Kingdom and Dominion afore.said. And if any will presume to offend this present Statute, he shall be grievously punished according to the quality of his Offence, and according to his Contempt of the KingÕs Prohibition.

Ò MOREOVER, our foresaid Lord the King doth inhibit all and singular Abbots, Priors, Masters, and Governors of Religious Houses and Places, being Aliens, to whose Authority, Subjection, and Obedience the Houses of the same Orders in his Kingdom and Domi.nion be subject, that they do not at any time hereafter impose, or by any means assess any Tallages, Payments, [Charges,"] or other Burdens whatsoever, upon the Monasteries, Priories, or other Religious Houses in Sub- jeftion unto them as is aforesaid; and that upon [pain of all that they have or may forfeit.1Õ] Ó

AND Further, our Lord the King hath ordained and established, That the Abbots of the Orders of Cester- cienses and Premonstracenses, and other religious Or.ders, whose Seal hath heretofore been used to remain only in the Custody of the Abbot, and not of the Covent, shall hereafter have a common Seal, and [that shall remain,J] in the Custody of the Prior of the Monastery or House, and Four of the most worthy and discreet Men of the Covent of the same House, to be laid up in safe keeping under the private Seal of the Abbot of the same House; [so that the Abbot or Prior, which doth govern the House, shall be able of himself to establish nothing, though heretofore it hath been otherwise used.1*] And if it fortune hereafter, that Writings [of Obligations,1'.Õ] Donations, Purchases, Sales, Alienations, or of any other Contracts, be (Ò) sealed with any other Seal than such a common Seal kept as is aforesaid, they shall be adjudged void and of no force in Law. But it is not the meaning of our Lord the King to exclude the Abbots, Priors, and other

1 and Places

1 according to the will and pious withes of their Founders,

I and of the Commons

Ô on the Sunday next after the Feast of St. Matthias the jfpostle, in the three and thirtieth year of his Reign, did ordain and cnaB t

' art or device 6 or Places, 1 in any way

8 Tribute 0 in the name Sale, Loan,

II Impositions, Tributes,

'*forfeiture of all that they have in their power, andean forfeit in future.

Ó shall deposit the same

'¥ so that the Abbot, or Superior of the House which he doth govern, shall by no means be able of himself to ertabliib any ContraB or Obliga.tion, as heretofore he hath used to do.

" obligatory of 16 found


An AA made in

jj Edw. I.

IL

Recital of the 92id Aa.t3Ed.I: Religious Persons shall send no Tas, &c. beyond the Sea.

III.

Impositions shall not be assessed by Priors Aliens.

IV.

The Common Seals of Abbeys.

Abbots Aliens may visit their Houses in England.

Commence, ment of the Operation of the Statutes.

Religious, Aliens, by the Ordinances and Statutes afore.said, from executing their Office of Visitation in his Kingdom and Dominion; but they may visit at their Pleasures, by themselves or others, the Monasteries and other Places in his Kingdom and Dominion in Subjec.tion unto them, according to the Duty of their Office, in those Things only that belong to regular Observa.tion and the Discipline of their Order. Provided, that they which shall execute this Office of Visitation, shall carry, or cause to be carried out of his Kingdom and Dominion, none of the Goods or Things of such Monasteries, Priories, and Houses, saving only their reasonable and competent Charges.

And though the Publication and open Notice of the Ordinances and Statutes aforesaid was stayed in sus- pence, for certain Causes, sithence the last Parliament, until this present Parliament holden at Carlisle in the Oftaves of St. Hilary, in the five and thirtieth year of the Reign of the same King Edward, (') to the Intent that they might proceed with greater deliberation and advice; Our Lord the King, after full conference and debate had with his Earls, Barons, Nobles, and other great Men (Õ) of his Kingdom, touching the Premisses, by their whole Consent and Agreement hath ordained and enafted, that the Ordinances and Statutes aforesaid, under the Man.ner, Form, and Conditions aforesaid, from the First Day of May next ensuing, shall (J) be inviolably ob.served (*) for ever, and the Offenders of them shall [be punished as is aforesaid.*]

The like Statute, word for word, is sent into all the Coun.ties throughout England.

The King to the Sheriff of Salop, Greeting. Whereas, for the common Weal of the People of our Realm, and the Amendment of the State of our whole Dominion, in our pre.sent Parliament at Carlisle, with the advice of our great Men and Nobles, We have made certain Statutes, which We do send you signed to be observed, We do command you, firmly injoining, that the same, in two of your County Courts you do cause to be openly read and recited, and the same in all and singular their Articles to be inviolably observed, and this in no wise omit. Witness the King at Carlisle, the Twentieth day of March.

Like Writs are sent to every SherifF throughout England.

The King, to his well beloved in Christ the Abbot of Waverley, Greeting. Whereas for the common Weal of the People of our Realm, &c. as above. We do command you, firmly injoining, that the same every year twice in a full Chapter of your House you do cause to be openly read and recited, and in all and singular their Articles, under the pain in the said Statutes contained, to be inviolably observed. Witness as above.

The aforesaid Statute was sent, with the King's Letters Patents in form aforesaid, to the Abbots of the Places under- written, viz.

Egliston Fountains Gerwedon

St. Agatha The Rock To the Prior of

Jeroval Wellbeck Spalding.

Bella Landa Rughford

Fout like Letters, at the Instance of the Prince, to be direfted to certain Abbots in Wales.

1 and

* and available

1 and the Commons 1 henceforward

Õ thenceforth be snbjeBed to the paint pretcriled.

religiosos alienigenas, p ordinac&es & statuta expssa supius, ab officio visitacois in regno & dnio suis a$. cendo excludere ; quin p se ipos vel alios, Monasteria & alia loca, eis in regno & dnio suis Pd Sis, subjeda, juxta officii sui debitum, in hiis dutaxat que ad obser- vanciam regularem, & ordinis sui disciplinam ptioent, lifce valeant visitare. Proviso qd illi, qui officiu hujus- modi visitacois ex?cuerint, nichil de bonis aut reby hujusmodi Monastriop, Prioratuu, & domojs, ext* pfatum regnu & dnium, pter ronabiles & moderatas eop expensas, deferant vel deferri peurent. Et licet Ordinacionu & statutop prescripto^ pnunciacio & publi- cacio, a parliamento pximo prito, usq, ad psens parlia- mentu apud Karliolum in Oftabis s£i Hillarii, anno regni ejusdem dni Regis Edwardi Tricesimo quinto, elds ex causis, & ut cum majori deliberac&e & maturitate pce- derent, remanserint in suspenso, dhs Rex, post delibe- racoem plenariam & tra&atum cum Comitibj, Baro. nib}, pSb}, & aliis nobilib}, ac coitatibj regni sui, hitum in pmissis, de consensu eop unanimi & concordi ordinavit & statuit, ut ordinac&es & statuta pdSa, sub forma, modis, & condicoibj sup'contentis, a p'mo die Maii pximo futuro in antea, inviolabili? observent', ppetuis temporib} valitura; qdq, t*nsgressores ipoj, penis extunc subjaceant annotatis.

Consimile Statutum, de verbo ad verbum, mittit' in

singulis Comitatibj p Angl.

Rex Vic Salop, Sattm. Quia ad coem populi regni nri utilitatem, & totius dominii nri status meliorac&em, in instanti parliamento nro apud Karliolum, de consilio Magnatum & p?um nroj, quedam edidimus statuta, que tibi signata mittim9 ob^vanda, tibi pcipim9 firmi? injungentes, qd ea in duob} Comitatib} tuis publice lege & recitare fad, & ea in singulis suis articulis invio- labilit> observari, & hoc nullatenus omittas. T.R. apud Karim xx die Marcii.

Cons bria mittunt' singlis Vi£ p Angt.

Pr dilco sibi in Xpo Abbati de Wav'le, sattm. Quia ad coem populi regni nri utilitatem &c. ut sup*; vobis mandamus firmi? injungentes, qd ea quolibet anno bis, in pleno Capitulo domus vre, publice lege k reci.tare faciatis, & in singulis suis arrictis, sub pena in pd&s statutis contenta, inviolabili? observari. T. ut sup*.

SupÔd£um statutu missum fuit, cu littis ^ patentibj in forma pdea, Abbatib} locoj subsc'ptoj videlicet; De Egliston De Fontib} De Gerwedon

De Sea Agatha De Rupe Priori de Spaldyng.

De Jerovall De Wellebek

De Bella Landa De Rughfoid

Quatuor paria traj, ad instanciam Principis diri- genda quibydam Abbib} in Wallia.


: - ^enigenas

cendo

***¥*.;:>!

modi violt,^: o Proviso

"ÒSi aSj,

S-* nS^ik

r> Ònon -

pfatum

- *p* & dai; ruo> * s-

ftfc1Ó*' defew

ªapudKarli0|umin e]usdem dni

"life*

È>

4***,*Ç. S SÒh "**¥'*C!

šem plenanam & tradhitum CUm r Õ ^

?* A. * *

^tumm D^miigis deconseasU(

ordinavit & sutuit, ut ordhucZmk

pximo future m aota, inTiobbart o|*È ppttu-s temporib, nlitura; ^ perns extunc subjacent annotate.

. Consimile Statutuš> de verbo adTOta *. singulis Comitatib} p Angi.

Rex Vic Salop, Saltm. Quia ad com ^ nri utilitatem, & totius dominii nn stares s*^ in instanti parliamento nro apud Mob, 4 Ç Magnatum & p?um nfy, quedam dfa que tibi signata raitrim9 obSrada, tibi pUj^ injungentes, qd ea in duobj Combi); ti £ lege & recitare fa?, & ea in singulis suis ibin labilit* observari, & hoc nullatenus omittas. 11 a Karim xx die Marcii.

Cons bria mittunt' singiis Vi? p Angi.

p diico sibi in Xpo Abbari de Wivlt, sab. {i ad coempopuli regni nn utilitatem Ac. utafia mandamus firmi? injungentes, qd ea qidfetaE bis, in pleno Capitulo domus vre, publice lepis tare faciatis, & in singulis suis artidis, subpenaapfi statuds contenta, inviolabili? observan T.<4

SupÔd?um stature missum fuit, cu ferisSpso in forma p>d?a, Abbatib} locojs subsc^ V* De Egliston DeFontibj DeG^

De Sea Agatha DeRnpe

De Jerovall DeWeOebek

De Bella Landa Dc Rughford

Quatuor paria trap, ad instaneb

, in Wallia.

.( 153 }

STATUTES OF KING EDWARD THE SECOND.

Anno 2¡ EDWARDI, II. A.D.1309.

JDt grists tnjustÕ non captcnDÕ a dirts ecclesiasticÕ stu altts.*

Of THE NOT TAKING UNDUE PRISES FROM ECCLESIASTICAL PERSONS OR OTHERS.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lend. m. 33.

RViC Ebop, Sattm. Ex g*vi querela ppii regni ¥ nnp varias petic6es suas coram nob & consilio nro in pÕsenti pliamento nro apud Westm porreftas, intelleximus, qd tam viri religiosi ce?eq, psone eccii- astice, q*m alii incole regni nn p frequentes & diPsas capc&es, asportac6es, & abduccAes, bladap. equop, ca- rectap, bourn, vaccap & alio^ averiop &i bono£ suop, p quosdam ministros nros ac plures alios fefas, ac p fre.quentes adventus Magnatum & Ministrop nrop, & eop- dem Magnatu ad domos & maSia religiosop & aliap psonap eccliasticap ibidem hospitand, & bona sua ibidem inventa cont* voluntatem suam consumendo, necnon p alia onera indebita hadtenus multiplici? op- primebantÕ & depaupabant', 8c de die in diem p hujus- modi capc&es, 8c advent9, ac extorsiones, & or3a in- tolerabilia in tantu opprimunt', k g*vant', qd cultus divin9, hospitalitates, 8c alia op>a caritatis alicubi dimi- nuuntr, 8c alicubi cessant, & totali? subtrahunt': Nos igitr qui statu ecctie Anglicane, 8c ppii regni nn manu- tenere, 8c de hujusmodi opp'ssionib} 8c dispendiis de- fendere tenem', Volentes sup hiis & aliis consimilib} g*vaminib} remediu appoSe opportune, advertentesq, utile fore qd statute tempore dni E. quondam Regis Angi pns nri anno regni sui Pcio apud Westm cont* hujusmodi delinquentes editu, in omibj suis articulis observer', & qd contVenientes p penas in eodem sta.tute contentas juxta eop deniita puniant', p quod qui- dem statutu sic est ordinatu ; qd nullus in aliqua domo religiose^ ad sumptus ejusdem domus, que de alPius advocacoe, qÕm de sua ppria existat, pÕndere veniat, seu etiam hospitari, nisi p Redlore ejusdem domus ad hoc ante adventu ejus ibidem spali? fuit requisites; Nec eciam ad sumptus suos pprios cont* bonam voluntatem re&oris ejusdem; Et p hoc non intelligit' qd gra hos- pitalitatis subtrahat' egenis, nec qd patroni hujusmodi domop valeant domos illas suponlare seu destruere quo- quo modo. Et qd nullus colore parentele, specialitatis aut affinitatis alicujus, nec aliqua alia de causa in pco alPius fuget, nec in vivaris alPius piscet', seu in domibj aut raarJiis Prelatop, aut religioso^, vel alio^ quopeumq, ad sumptus dno^ mar?io^ eo^dem, vel ad sumpt9 suos pprios, hospitari psumat, cont* voluntatem & licenciam diio^ eo^dem, vel Ballivojt suo^ marrio^ pdcop; Et si quis fortassis aliquod hujusmodi maSium vel domu, p g*tum vel sine g*to dni ma8ii vel dom9 illius seu Bal- livi sui, ingrediat', nullas fenestras seu ostia aut aliquas alias seruras p se nec p alium apire vel frang?e faciat, nec viftualia aut aliqua alia bona capiat colore empeois, nec alio quovismodo. Et eciam qd nullus blada aliqua triturare, 8c ea seu victualia, aut aliqua alia bon-

THE KING tp the Sheriff of York, Greeting. From the grievous Complaint of the People.of our Realm by their several Petitions exhibited before UÈ in our present Parliament at Westminster, We have understood, That as well. Men of Religion and other Ecclesiastical Persons as other Inhabitants of our Realm, by the frequent and various taking, carrying, and driving away of Com, Horses, Carts, Oxen, Cows, and other their Goods and Chattels, by certain our Ministers and others done, and through the frequent Resorts of Great Men, and of the Officers of UÈ, and of the said Great Men, to the Houses and Manors of Men of Religion and other Ecclesias.tical Persons, by lodging there, and by consuming their Goods there found against their Will, and moreover tlirough other undue Burdens, they have been hitherto manifoldly oppressed and impoverished, and from Day to Day by such Takings and Resorts and Extortions, and intolerable Burdens are so much oppressed and grieved, that Divine Worship, Hospitalities, and other Works of Charity in some Places are diminished, and in some Places do cease, and are wholly withdrawn: We there.fore, who are bound to maintain the State of the Church of England, and of the People of our Realm, and to defend them from such Oppressions and Expences, Willing, with regard to these and other like Grievances to afford convenient Remedy, and considering that it would be useful that the Statute, in the Time of the Lord Edward, formerly King of England, our Father, in the Third Year of his Reign at Westminster, against such Delinquents made, should be observed in all its Articles, and that the Offenders should be punished by the Pains in the said Statute contained, according to their De-, merits; by which said Statute it is thus ordained ;

Ç* That none shall come to eat or lodge in any House of Religion of any otherÕs Foundation than of his own, at the Costs of the House, unless he be specially requested by the Governor of the House before his coming thither; nor yet at his own Costs against the Will of the Governor of the same : And by this it is not intended that the Grace of Hospitality should be withdrawn from such as need, nor that the Founders of such Houses should overcharge or grieve them in any Way. And 1 that none by colour of any Kindred, Specialty, or Alliance, or by any other Occasion shall course in anotherÕs Park, nor fish in anotherÕs Pond, nor presume to lodge in the Houses or Manors of Prelates, or Religious Persons, or others whom.soever, at the Costs of the Lords of the said Manors, or at their own Costs, against the Will or Leave of the said Lords, or their Bailiffs of their Manors aforesaid } and if any do chance to enter any such Manor or House with the good Will, or against the Will of the Lord of such Manor or House, or his Bailiff, he shall cause no Window or Door, nor nothing that is shut, to be opened or broken by himself nor by any other, nor no manner of Vidual, nor other Thing shall take by colour of buying nor otherwise: And that none shall presume to thrash Corn, nor to take, carry, or drive away the same, nor any

¥ This Title is in the Margin of the Entry of a Writ to the Sheriff of Lincoln, on Rot. Claus. 9 Edw. II m. it d. the Contents of which are very similar to the Text, as above printed from the Statute Roll; on which latter Roll ihia Instrument is entered immediately after the last Statute of Edward I. and on the same Membrane of the Roll i It is not inserted in any Copy of the Statutes, printed previous to the Year 1800, except in HawkinsÕs Edition.


Recital of the Provifions in Stat. Weitm t. 3 Edward I. chapter I.

154

2¡ Edwardi, II.

Proclamation .hall be made for observing of the recited Statute.

Recital of the Statute a8 Edw. I. [Artie, infer Car/.e 1,3,6.]

A.D. 1309.

Viftuals nor other Goods of Prelates, or Men of Religion, Ecclesiastical Persons, CleTki, nor Lay Persons, by colour of buying or otherwise, within Market Town or without; nor Horses, Oxen, Waggons, Carts, Ships, nor Barges of any, to make Carriage against the Will of them to whom the Things belong, or of the Keepers of the same; and if any do any such Thing by the Assent of the Party, then incontinent he shall pay according to the Covenant made between them. And also that all they that offend against the Premises or any of them, and thereof be attainted, shall be committed to Prison and be punished according to the Quantity and Manner of the Tres.pass, and after as our Court shall think convenient; and that if they to whom such Trespass was done will sue, the Damage which they have received shall be awarded and restored to them to the Double, and they that have done the Trespass shall be likewise punished in the Manner aforesaid : And althoÕ none will sue in this Behalf We shall have our Suit against such Trespassers as for a Thing committed against our Commandment, and our Peace. And We shall make En.quiry from Year to Year what Persons do such Trespasses, after as We shall think convenient; and they that be indi&ed by such Inquests of any of the Trespasses aforesaid, shall be at.tached and afterwards distrained by the great Distress, to come into our Court at a certain Day, containing the Space of a Month; and if they come not at that Day they shall be dis.trained again by the same Distress, for to come at another Day, containing the Space of Six Weeks, and if they come not then, they shall be judged as attainted, and shall yield double Damages, at our Suit, to such as have received such Hurt or Damage, and nevertheless shall make grievous Fine, at our Plealure, after the Manner and Quantity of such Trespass.Ó We do command You, that in our City aforesaid, in the Places where you shall see fit, you do cause to be proclaimed and published, and likewise oh our Behalf to be firmly en.joined, that no one under the Pains in the said Statute con.tained, and grievous Forfeiture to Us, do presume to contra.vene the said Statute in any Thing ; or to inflict any such Grievances and Oppressions on Prelates, Men of Religion, Ecclesiastical Persons, Clerks, or Lay-men of whatever State or Condition they be : And that all who shall feel themselves aggrieved by such Oppressions and Grievances, and will re.cover their Damages against such Offenders, shall come to our Chancery for obtaining Remedy therein in their several Cases : And We have injoined our Chancellor that such Remedy he shall not in any Way delay to make to such Complainants. Witness the King at Canterbury on the Eleventh Day of June.

In the same manner it was commanded to the several Sheriffs throughout England.

Prelato^ vel holm religiosop, psonap ecctiasticap, ctico^ aut laicoS, colore empeois, vel alio modo quocumq. infra villam mcatoriam vel extra; nee equos, haves, plaustra,

care etas, naves aut batellos alicujus ad cariagia aliqua inde facienda, cape, asportare, vel abduce p>sumat cont* voluntate illop quop fSint, vel custodum eopdem; F.t si quis de voluntate illop aliquod hujusmodi fe&t, statim satisfaciat illis, sedm qd inde conventu fuerit in? eos. Et eciam qd ornes qui cont* pmissa vel aliquod cop veSiat & inde convidi fSint p'sone adjudicent' k sedm q*ntitate & modum detci sui s£fdm qd Cur nra faciend viderit puniant'; Et qd si illi quiby in aliquo pmissojt t*nsgressu fSit, 9sus t*nsgressores illos sequi volSint, dampna que sustinSint eis in duplo adjudica- bunt' & restituent', & t*nsgressores modo £>d?o nichil- homin9 puniant': Et q*mq*m aliquis sequi nolSit in hac pte, Nos tamen se&a nram cont* hujusmodi t*nsgressora tanq'm de re fca contra phibicoem & pacem nram heamus. Nosq, de anno in annu ut expedire viderim9 inquiri faciem9 qui aliquant hujusmodi feSint Pnsgres. sionem; et qui p tales inquisicoes de aliqua transgres- sionu p*dcajt indidati fSint attachiabunt' & postmodu distringent' p magnam districcSem ad veniend in Cur nra ad Stum diem, spaciu unius mensis continent, et si ad diem ilium non veniint, i?ato p consimilem dis- triccoem distringent' veniendi ad ?minu sex septimanas continentem, & si tunc non veniint tanq'm convi&i judicent', & reddant ad sedam nram dampna in duplo illis qui hujusmodi dampna receperunt, & nichilhomin9 g'vi? redimant' ad voluntatem nram s£drn modum & q*ntitate t*nsgressionis illius. Vofe pcipim9, qd in Civi- tate nra pdea locis quibj expedire videritis pclamari publican & simili? ex pte nra firmi? inhiberi facialis, ne quis sub penis in dco statuto contends, & g'vi foris- feura nra cont* dem statutu in aliquo venire, seu aliqua hujusmodi g*vamina, & oppWones, Prelatis, viris religiosis, psonis ecctiasticis, clicis aut laicis cujuscumq^ status vel condi cois fSint inferre psumat: Et qd omes qui de hujusmodi opp'ssionibt & gÕvaminibj g*vatos se senserint, & dampna sua versus t'nsgressores illos re- cupare voluerint, ad Cancellaf nram accedant p remedio inibi in suis casiby impet'ndo. Injunxim9 autem Can- cellario nfo qd hujusmodi remedium conquerentibj faSe no differat quovismodo. T.Ji apud Cantuar xj. die Junii.

Eodem modo mand est singulis Viced p Angt.

Anno 3¡ EDWARDI, II. A.D.1309.

&tatutum apuD staunforD.*

The STATUTE of STAMFORD.

THESE be the Articles which King Edward, Father of the King who now is, at his Parliament at Westminster in Lent, in the Twenty-eighth Year of his Reign, amongst other Things which he then ordained in Alleviation of the Grievances which his People had sustained by the wars, which had been, and in amendment of their Estate, and to the end that they might be more ready to his Service, and more wil.lingly aiding when he had need thereof, did ordain and establish, in the Form which followed) ;

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 33. in Cedula.

CES sount les Articles q le Roi Edward, piere le Roy q ore est, a son plement, a Westmustr, en quaresme lan de son regne vint & oitisme, en? les autres choses, qil adonq ordena, en allegance des grevances, q soen poeple avoit eu, par les guerres q avoient este, & en amendement de lour estat, e plant qil fuissent plus prestez a son €vice, & plus volentiers eidantz, qant il en averoit a fere, ordena & establi, en la forme q sensuyt.

¥ This Title is from CayÕs Printed Copy: No Title appear on the Roll: ThiÇ Statute is not inferted in any Printed Copy previous to HawkinsÕs. See Rot. Clout. j Edw. II. m. 13. in Cedula, as to the passing of this Statute.


Dl, IJ

Ç>

rf

>r

rÈ

p

:h

dl

to

be

s-

at

P

to

M

Id

lit

ur

I-

tr

>T

t-

K

a

i-

r.

N

Ic

)r

ir

ic

d

i-

i*

h

e

i

?re\ato^ ie\ holm xiu.\ _ _

auvUcto, colore empco\s,n:\ ilk tufo viWam Scatomm it\ eciv,

carefios, naves m bathos ihoijtt ii ^ mde hdatda, ape, ispom, id

corf vohmme hlo^ quo^ &k, id eiiiabi^ It a quk de votautttt 'ity dn\ÇA hijak- statists sattsfadat this, slim Vndt omaa, b3 eos. it eciam od "È-*

J.D.1309.

3¡ Edw. II. Stat. Stamford.

. eriam q4 onvts y. uar

eo^ vtSsat k mde cotmfti &mt jut

scdm qÕwitate k modum Add si sJin fociend viderit pununt' ¥, It qi a ffi È*-' phnisso* Õ**¥Ñ

T

. -7:È** iM^^n

. Ñ7 fnsgtessu Kit, v>sus

volSint, dampna que suaiuSm m k i^s t

bunt' k tesutuent', k fnspessoits mode

honun9 puniant'; It aliquis seqaÇfcu

pte, Nos tamen sefti nram cow* hijumolite*

tanq'm de re fca contra pbibicoem it ^afe

teamus. Nosq, it anno in annu at ajtisi^

inquiri fadetn9 qui aliquam Wpioiiiakf^

tionem; et qui p tales inquiacoesit aiqcaoa^,

aonu ^d£a^ indi&ati fSint attaduabaat lÑ

... - Ñwamywil {jote

distnngent p magnam district ^ nra ad dura diem, spaciu unius neuis g^, si ad diem ilium non learnt, itaio pcaaasj triccdem distringent' veniendi adtnunuia J confinement, & si tunc non n8k tafu * judicent', & reddant ad setbm nhm illis^jui hujusmodi dampna recepenn^laac gÔvit redimant' ad voluntatem nhm tela ami q*ntitate fnsgresaonis illiut. Vob tate nra pdea locis quibt eipedirt den j* publican k similit ex pte nra finnit mlksi kk ne quit sub penis in dCo statuto contain, ijV.a feura nra corf dem statutu in aliquo satire, k as hujusmodi gVamina, k oppssiones, Pda 5 religiosis, psonis ecctiasdcis, click auibiaae* status vel condicois fuint inferre psumai: Ltii qui de hujusmodi opjtWonibt k g^amial; fmi sensermt, & dampna tua versus rtugrestoret ibi cupare voluerint, ad Cancellar nram acctdaja* inibi in suk casib} impet'ndo. Injuniim 11s i cellario nro qd hujusmodi remedium wš no differat quovismodo. T| apud Caai die Junii.

Eodent modo mand est

RDl,U. A.D. 1309.

pun &tmforV

i of STAMFORD.

I Ex maps Rut. Stat. in Tmtt. LidiLy}.ah* ' f^ES sount la Articles q IcRoiliMp1 Roy q ore est, 1 son pleaat, a Wa*1 quaresme lan de son regne rint St owe, at kt choses, qil idonq ordau, ea ilkgmiaff**' soen poeple avoir ea, par les guena firstsa; en mendementde lour estat, e phut prestez a son 'svice, k plus roleotiersahxX' averoit a fere, ordena k establi, en la hotj*

Ea p'meschief, p'ceo q tine g*nt grevance est en ceo Roiaume, e damage sanz noumbre, de ceo q le Roi e ses Minis!res de sa [mesne,1] ausibien les aliens come les denzeins, font lour pÔses, la ou il pas sent pmy le Roiaume, & pnent les biens, des gentz, des clers, & de lays, sanz rien paer, ou bien meins q la value: Ordene est, q nul ne pnge pÕses parmy le Roiaume, forsq les pnours le Roi & ses p'veurs pr lostel le Roi; & q ceux pnours le Roy, &c p'veurs pur son Hostel, ne pngnent rien forsq pur meisme lostel. Et des p'ses qil ferront parmy le pays, de manger, ou de beuire, & autrs menues necessaries pur lostel, qil facent la paye, ou gre, a ceux des queux les choses sront p'ses. E q touz tieux pnours le Roi, p'veurs ou achaturs, eient de ci enavant lour garant ovesqes eux, du g*nt seal, ou de petit seal le Roi, contenant leur poer, & les choses dont il ferrount p'ses ou p'veaunce; le quel garant il mostront a ceux des queux il front la pse, avant ceo qil enpignent rien. Et q ceux pnours, p'veurs, ou achaturs le Roi, ne p>ignenc plus q bo- soignes & mestier ne seit, pur le Roi, & son Hostel & de ses enfantz : & q rien ne pHgnent p' ceux q sont a gages, ne pur nul autre. Et qil respoignent, en lostel, & en la garderobe, pleinement des totes lour p'ses, sanz fere aillurs lour largesces, ou liverees de chose q p' le Roi seit p'se. Et si nul pnour del hostel le Roi, p garant qil eit, face p'ses ou liverees, en autre ma3e q desus nest dit, par pleinte fete al Seneschal, & al Tresorer del Hostel le Roi, seit la vW enquise. Et si de ceo soit atteint, seit gre meintenant fait al pleintif, & soit oste du s'vice du Roi, p' touz jours, e demoerge en p'son, a la volente le Roi. Et si nul face p'ses sanz garant, & lemporte en countre la volente celui a qui les biens sont, seit meintenant arestu par la villee ou la p'se €ra faite, e mene a la pcheine gaiole ; Et si de ceo seit atteint, seit la fet de lui come de laron, si la q*ntite des biens le demande. Et q*nt as p'ses fere, en feires, & en bones villes, Sc portz, p' la g*nt garderobe le Roi, eient les pnours leur co- munc garant par le g'nt seal. E des choses qil pren- dront, eient la temoignance du seal du Gardein de la Garderobe ., et des choses issint par eux pÕses, de noumbre, de q'ntite, & de la value, seit faite dividende entre les pnours & les gardeins des feires, Meir, ou chiefs Baillifs, des villes & portz, par la veue des Mar- chaundz, des queux les biens sront issint pris. E riens ne lui seit soffert de plus prendre qil ne mette en dividende; Et cele dividende soit porte en garderobe, desutz le seal le gardein, Meire, ou chief baillif avantditz, & leenz demoerge, tanq sur la conte du. garderober le Roi: Et sil soit trove q nul eit au-

trement pris q fere ne deveroit, soit puni sur la counte p le gardein de la garderobe le Roi, solonc sa deserte; E si nul face tieux p'ses sanz garant, & de ceo seit atteint, soit fet de lui come de ceux q font p'ses p' lostel le Roi sanz garant, come desus est dit. Et nentent mie le Roi, ne son conseil, q par cest estatut, rien descresse au Roi, de son dreit des aun- cienes p'ses dues & acustumes, come des vins & autres biens, mes q en touz pointz pleinement lui soit sauve. D'phtiscort Del estat du Seneschal, & des Mareschaux, & des catt ter.end P^2 eux deivent tenir & coment, ordene est qil ne tiegnent plai de frank tenement, ne de dette, ne de covenant, ne de contract des gentz du poeple fors tantsolement des trespas del hostel, & autres trespas fetz deinz la verge, e des contractz, & covenanz, q aucun del hostel le Roi avera fet, a autre de meisme lostel,

' meignee, Rot. Slot. 28 Edw. I.

Ò In the first place, Forasmuch as there is a great Grievance in this Realm, and Damage without measure, for that the King and the Ministers of his House, as well Aliens as Denizens, do make their Takings where they pass through the Realm, and take the Goods as well of Clerks as of Lay People, without paying there.fore any thing, or else much less than the value: It is Ordained, that from henceforth none do make any 1 akings within the Realm, but only the KingÕs Takers, and the Purveyors for his House ; and that the KingÕs Takers and Purveyors of his House shall take nothing, but only for his House. And touching such Things as they shall take in the Country, of Meat and Drink, and such other mean Things necessary for the House, they shall pay or make agreement with them of whom the Things shall be taken. And that all such the KingÕs Takers, Purveyors, or Buyers from henceforth shall have their Warrant with them, under the KingÕs Great or Petty Seal, declaring their Authority, and the Things whereof they have power to make Prise or Pur.veyance ; the which Warrant they shall shew unto them whose Goods they take, before they take any thing. And that those Takers, Purveyors, or Buyers for the King, shall take no more than is needful or meet to be used for the King, his Household, and that of his Children : and that they shall not take any thing for them that be at Wages, nor for any other. And that they shall make full Answer in the KingÕs House, or in the Wardrobe, for all Things taken by them, without making their Largesses any other where, or Liveries of such Things as have been taken for the King. And if any Taker for the KingÕs House, by reason of his Warrant, make any Prise or Livery, otherwise than before is mentioned, upon Complaint made to the Steward and to the Treasurer of the KingÕs House, the Truth shall be enquired. And if he be attainted thereof, he shall forthwith satisfy the Party, and shall be put out of the KingÕs Service for ever, and shall remain in Prison at the KingÕs Pleasure. And if any make Prise without Warrant, and carry it away against the will of the Owner, he shall immediately be arrested by the Town where the Prise was made, and shall be committed to the next Gaol; and if he be attainted thereupon, it shall be done unto him as unto a Felon, if the quantity of the Goods do so require. And con.cerning Prises made in Fairs, and good Towns, and in Ports for the KingÕs great Wardrobe, the Takers shall have their common Warrant under the Great Seal. And for the Things that they shall take, it shall be testified under the Seal of the Keeper of the Wardrobe ; and of those Things so by them taken, the Number of the Things, the Quantity, and the Value, there shall be a Dividend made between the Takers and the Keepers of Fairs, Mayors, or Chief Bailiffs of Towns and Ports, by the view of Merchants, whose Goods shall be so taken ; and they shall not be suffered to take any more than is contained in their Divident; and the said Di- vident shall be taken into the Wardrobe under the Seal of the Warden, Mayor, or Chief Bailiff aforesaid, and there shall remain until the Accompt of the Keeper of the KingÕs Wardrobe: Add if it be found, that any hath taken otherwise than he ought to do, upon his accompt he shall be punished by the Keeper of the King's Wardrobe after his desert; and if any make such Prises without Warrant, and be attainted there.upon, he shall incur the same Pain as they which take Prises for the KingÕs Household without Warrant, as before is said. Nevertheless the King and his Council do not intend, by reason of this Estatute, to diminish the KingÕs Right, for the ancient Prises due and ac.customed, as of Wines and other Goods, but that his Right shall be sav ;d unto hint whole in all Points. Concerning the Authority of the Steward and Marshals, and of such Pleas as they may hold, and in what man.ner, It is ordained, that from henceforth they shall .tot hold Plea of Freehold, neither of Debt nor of Covenant, nor of any Contrad made between common People, but only of Trespass done within the House, and of other Trespasses done within the Verge, and of Con.trails and Covenants that one of the KingÕs House shall have made with another of the same House, and in

155

Purveyor*.

What they ¥hall uke.

Payment

thereof.

Purveyor* to shew their Warrant j

to take no more than it needful {

to answer for

Things

taken.

Punishment for undue Purveyance.

Taking with.out Warrant, Felony.

Purveyance* made for the King'. Wardrobe.

Saving at to aniient Prises.

Of Picas, to be Holden before the Steward and the Marshal.

be Roll: ThÒ StuoKÒ uofofthu Suiutr

156

3¡ Edw. II. Stat. Stamford.

^¥jD.1309

Confirmation of recited Provisions.

Of holding Pleas at the Gates of the Castles.

Certain Custom Duties shall cease.

Saving of

ancient

Customs.

Other

Requests

granted.

Remedy by Writ from Chaucery.

the same House, and none other where. And they shall plead no Plea of Trespass, other than that which shall be attached by them before the King depart from the Verge where the Trespass shall be committed ; and shall plead them speedily from day to day, so that they may be pleaded and determined before that the King depart out of the Limits of the same Verge where the Trespass was done. And if it so be that they cannot be determined within the Limits of the same Verge, then shall the same Pleas cease before the Steward, and the Plaintiffs shall have recourse to the common Law. And from henceforth the Steward shall not take Cogni.sance of Debts nor of other things, but of People of the same House, nor shall hold none other Plea by Ob.ligation made at the Distress of the Steward and of the Marshals. And if the Steward or Marshals do any thing contrary to this Ordinance, it shall be holden as void. There shall no Writ from henceforth, that toucheth the Common Law, go forth under the Petty Seal.Ó

The which Articles the King that now is, at the Request of his good People of his Realm, having regard to the cau.ses aforesaid, doth will and command that henceforth they be fully holden and kept in all their points. And as to the Request of the said good People with respeft to holding and maintaining Pleas at the Gates of the KingÕs Castles, the King willeth that the Constables of his Castles shall not dis.train People to plead before them any Plea of 3 Foreign County, nor within the County, otherwise than anciently hath been used to be done. And as to the Customs which the King taketh by his Officers, that is to say, of every Ton of Wine two shillings, of every Cloth which Alien Merchants bring into his land two shillings, and of every Pound Value of Avers de poi> three-pence, the King willeth at the Request of the said good People, that the said Customs of Wines, Cloths, and Avers de pois, do cease at his will, in order to know and be advised what Profit and Advantage will accrue to him and his People by ceasing the taking of those Customs, and then the King will have Counsel according to the Advan.tage which he shall see therein; Saving always to the King the antient Prises and Customs antiently due and approved. And as to the other Requests ¥ which the said good People have made to the King, the King hath granted the same fully, and hath charged his Chancellor and his other Officers, that they do cause the same to be firmly kept. And the King willeth, that if any one find himself aggrieved in any point contrary to the said Ordinance, and the said Articles so by him granted, and will complain thereof, that his Chancellor do give him Remedy by Writ according to his case, and according to that which shall seem most expedient to be done.

The King to the Sheriff of York Greeting. Whereas in our Parliament holden at Westminster in one Month after Easter, in the Second year of our Reign, Supplication was made unto Us, on the part of the Commonalty of the said Realm, that We would take care to provide a Remedy upon divers Grievances suffered by the said Commonalty ; and after.wards in our Parliament at Stamford, after the Feast of St. James the Apostle, in the Third year of our Reign, diligent Discussion being had upon the said Supplications, and a cer.tain Ordinance, lately made on some of such grievances by the Lord Edward formerly King of England our Father, being taken into consideration and recited before Us and our Coun.cil, VVe, favourably inclining to the Supplications aforesaid, have caused the said Ordinance, which We will shall hence.forth be firmly observed, together with certain other Articles in the aforesaid Supplications contained, and by Us, in like manner at the Request of the said Commonalty, of our special grace, granted, to be transmitted to you under our Seal; Commanding, that the Ordinance and Articles aforesaid, in your full County Court, you do cause to be read and pub.licly proclaimed, and the Ordinance and Articles aforesaid throughout your bailiwick to be firmly and inviolably ob.served. Witness the King at Langley the Twentieth day of August.

Like Letters are directed to every Sheriff throughout England.

* See Rot. Claus. 3 Edw. II. m. 13. in Cedula.

& en meisme lostel, & nemie aillours. Et nul plai de trespas ne pledront, autre q ne soit attache par eua avant ceo q le Roi isse hors de la verge, ou le trespas €ra fait, & les pledra hastiement de jour en jour, Issint qil soient parpledez & Pminez, avant ceo q le Roi isse hors des boundes de cele verge, ou le trespas fust feit. Et si p cas dedeinz les bundes de cele verge ne poent estre Pminez, cessent ceux pledz de- vant le Seneschal, & soient les pleintifs a la comune ley. Ne (Ô) pVige le Seneschal conoissaunces des dettes, ne dautre chose, forq des gentz del Hostel avantdit; Ne nul autre plai ne teignent par obligacion faite a la destresce du Seneschal & Mareschaux. Et si le Seneschal, ou [Mareschal,1] rien facent contre cest or- denement, soit leur fait tenu pur nul. Desutz le petit seal ne isse (3) nul breef q touche la comune ley. Les queux articles le Roi q ore est, a la requeste de ses bones gentz de son Roiaume, eant regard a les acheisons desusdites, voet & comande q desormes soient pleinement tenuz & gardez en toutz lour pointz. Et qÔnt a la requeste des dites bones gentz, endroit des pledz trere & tenir a les portes des Chasteux le Roi, veut le Roi, q les Conestables de ses Chasteaux ne de- streignent gentz a pleider devant eux nul plai de forein Conte, ne deinz Conte, autrement q auncienement soleit estre fait. E q*nt a les custumes q le Roi prent par ses Ministres, cest asavoir de chescun tonel de vin ij. s. de chescun drap q marchaundz aliens font venir en sa ?re ij. s. & de chescun livre de aver de poys iij. d. Voet le Roi, a la requeste de ses dites bones gentz, q les dites custumes, de vins, draps, & aver de poys, cessent a sa volunte par saver & estr avise quel pfit & quel a vantage acrestera a lui, & a son poeple par cesser de la p'se de celes custumes, et puis avera le Roi conseil solonc lavantage qil y verra; sauveez tote- voies au Roi les auncienes p'ses & custumes aunciene.ment dues & approvees. E q*nt a les autres requestes, q les dites bones gentz fesoient au Roi, le Roi les ad g"nte bonement, & ad charge son Chauncellier, & ses autres ministres, q eux les facent garder fermement. Et voet le Roi q si nul se sente greve en nul point, contre le dit ordenement, & les ditz articles, issint par lui g'nteez, & pleindre se voill, q le Chauncellier luy face remedie par breef, solonc son cas, & solonc ceo qil verra q mieutz soit a fere.

Jfc Vic Ebof, saltm. Cum in pliamento nro, apud Westin in mense Pasche anno regni nri sedo, fiito, nob ex pte coitatis ejusdem regni supplicatu fuisset, ut sup diesis g'vaminibj que eadem coitas paciebat' remediu appoSe curarem9; nosq, postmodu in plia.mento nro apud Staunford post festum sci Jacobi Apti anno regni nri ?cio, fcito sup supplicacbibj huj9- modi diligenti traftatu, considerataqs quadii ordinacoe p dfim E. quondam Regem Angt, prem nrm, nup sup aliquibj huj9modi gÒvaminib} fca, & coram nob & consilio nro recitata, supplicacbibj p*dcis favorabili? annuentes, ordinacbem illam, quam ex nunc volum9 firmi? observari, una cu quibjdam aliis arddis in sup.plicacbibj jpddis contends, & p nos similit1 ad ejusdem coitaus requisicoem de gra nra spali concessis, tibi sub sigillo nro duxim9 tÕnsmittend, p*cipientes qd ordina.cbem & articlos pdcos, in pleno Coin tuo legi & publice pclamari, ac ordinacbem & articlos pdCos, p totam battiam tuam, firmi? & inviolabili? fa? observari. T. apud Langele xx. die Augusri.

Consimiles Ire dirigunt' singulis Vicecomitibj p Angt-

1 desoremes ne

Õ les Mareschaus i Rot. Stat. 28 Edw. I.

1 desoremes J


I

157

. "Ôosme lostei t,

?ymt ceosVTšÕ >utrt

4È iTi u^ *Ó^H*'**È

^0I issf hã_ , h £_;. 4

I**,

fl

>È1

A

h

r* fesÇÈC !SÒ*È

r?niÔÒ'repw*"^4

dÈÈÇ, Ç* iÇ h'i ^Õ^.ridakfeq^S

bones eenf7 rL n ^Õ^nas lÔnI 1 la requestc d^dhes b, ** ^

pledz trere & tenir i U

fe^qiÈc.,ãbbJe¡^Ô

rj^f^pWfedwJlSÓ

Conte, ne deinz Conte, iutrement <j unca^"

ses Mimstres, cest zuvoir de chacua tontli^f de chescun drap q tnarchatmdz ^ * a rre tj.s. & de chescun lint dc ito k ml Voet le Roi, a la requeste de ses dites bcea š q les dite* custumes, de Tins, drjpt,iTO £ cessent a sa volume par saver 4 Ç? n^; & quel avantage acrestera a lui.it a cesser de la p se de celes custumes, et pus m Roi conseil solonc lavantage qil y vena; am voies au Roi les auridenes p'ses & custumes ms ment dues k approvees. E q*nt a les autres raym q les dites bones gentz fesoient au Roi, JeRnhi g'nte bonement, & ad charge son Ctodfcli autres ministres, q eux les facent gardufea Et voet le Roi q si nul se sente greve a contre le dit ordenement, k la ditz article, iesp lui g'nteez, k pleindre se roill, q le Chandark face remedie par breef, solonc son as,!tdas qil verra q mieutz soit a fine.

{i- TO Ebor, saftm. Cura in jdbnš^* Westrn in mense Pasche anno regni nn 'Ai nob ex pte coitads ejusdem regni suppha-us ut sup diesis gÕvaminibj que eadem c&a ss remediu appoSe cunrem9; aosq, r***> memo nro apud Staunford post fetum sa ^ Apti anno regni nri Fcio, fcito sup ÇWÒ*; modi diligenti traftatu, p diim E. quondam Regem * sup aliquiby hufmodi fm*iM<jj & consilio nro reatata, suppheacoib? Pš. annuentes, ordinawem iM V*

^ *<£*.

coitads requisicoem de gm

iš

ml

coem k articios |ta*. Ò P ^ ^ publice pclaman, ac o town baftiam tuam,

Consuniksfrcdinguntsng^

Anno 5¡ EDWAHDI, II. A.D.1311.

Jits notjeles £)*Denanecff,

fattcs a ILunDres, lan Du regne nostre Seigneur štci CDtbarD,

fit3 le iRet ÛDtbarD> 4Elupnt.*

The NEW ORDINANCES,

Made at London, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King Edward, Son of King Edward.

Ex Cards Colton 43 D. 18.

JPDWARD par la grace tie dieu Roi DenglePre, Seign' Dirland e Duk Daquitayne a touz ceaux as queux cestes lettres vendront, saluz. Sachez qe come le xvj. jour de Marcz lan de nre Regne tierz al hon' de dieu e pr le bien de ns e de nre Realme [ - - - - Õ] de nre f*nche volunte p nos lettres overtes as Prelatz, Countes, & Barons de nostre dite Realme qil puissent eslire certeines psones des fJlatz, Contes, 8c Barons les quels il leur sembleroit suffisaunz dapeller a eux ; & eus- soms auxint gr*nte p mesmes les lettres a ceaux q' deussent estre esluz queux qil feussent, p les ditz Prelatz, Countes, 8c Barons, plein poer de ordeiner lestat de nostre hostel, 8c de nostre Realme dessusditz, en tieu maner qe leur Ordinaunces feussent faites al honr de dieu 8c al honr 8c pfit de seint eglise 8c al hon' de nous e a nre pfit 8c a pfit de nre poeple solom dreit e reson 8c le ?ment qe nous faismes a nre corone- ment, sicom plus pleinement est contrnu en nos dices lettres : et le hon'able piere en dieu Robert p la g*ce de dieu, Erceveqe de Cantrebir p'mat de tute EnglePre, Evesqes, Countes, 8c Barons, a ceo esluz p la vertu de no3 dites lettres eient ordeine sur les dites choses en la forme qe sensuit.

Pur ceo qe p malveis conseil 8c deceivaunt nre Seign' le Roi 8c touz les soens sunt en totes 9res deshonures, 8c estre ceo la corone en multz de poinz abessee 8c desmembre, 8c ses ?res de Gascoigne, Dirland 8c descoce en point destre pdues, si dieus ne mette amendement, 8c son Realme Denglc- fre en point dc reveler pr oppressions, p'ses, 8c destruccions ;

1 eussoms gÕunte Rot. OrJ.

JjÕDWARD by the Grace ot God, King of England, Lord of Ireland, and Duke of Aquirain, To All to whom these Letters shall come, Greeting. Know Ye, That Whereas on the sixteenth day of March, in the third year of our reign, to the honour of God, and for the weal of Us and of our Realm, We did grant of our free will, by our Letters Patent, to the Prelates, Earls, and Barons of our said Realm, that they might choose certain Persons of the Prelates, Earls, and Barons, whom they should see fit to call unto them; and We did also grant, by the same Letters, to those who should be chosen, whosoever they should be, by the said Prelates, Earls, and Barons, full power to order the State of our House.hold, and of our Realm before mentioned, in such man.ner that their Ordinances should be made to the honour of God and the honour and profit of Holy Church, and to our honour, and to our profit, and to the profit of our People, according to right, and reason, and the Oath which We made at our Coronation (Ô), according as is more fully contained in our said Letters: And the Honourable Father in God Robert, by the grace of God Archbishop of Canterbury, Pri.mate of all England, the Bishops, Earls, and Barons thereunto chosen (.), by virtue of our said Letters, have ordained upon the said Matters in the Form which followeth;

Forasmuch as by bad and deceitful counsel our Lord the King and a',1 his Subjefts are dishonoured in all Lands ; and moreover the Crown hath been in many points abased and dismembered, and his Lands of Gascony, Ireland, and Scotland on the point of being lost, if God do not give amendment; and his Realm of England upon the point of rising, on account of Oppressions, Prises, and Destruflions j

1 For the Form of this Oath, See the Notes at the End of this Ordinance.

1 For the Names of the Ordainers, See Rit. Claus. 3 Ed. 11. m. %d: Rot. Cant MS. Colt. I :ÑRot Cans, also contains the Form of the Election of the Ordainers and the Oath taken by them.

* The Text of these Ordinances is given from an Exemplification of them under the Great Seal of K. Edward II., preserved in the British Museum among the Cotton Charters.

In the Tower of London is preserved, among the Parliament Rolls, a Roll containing these Ordinances, beginning Ô A touz ceux Õ The Roll is of the Time of Edward IL, and is indorsed, in a Hand-writing nearly contemporary, with the Word * OrdinaSies.Õ Several Indorsements in a more modern Hand-writing, have aKo been made on the Roll. The following is in the Hand-writing of Mr. Geo. Holmes, for sixty Years Deputy Keeper of the Records in the Tower, who died in 1748, Ô Rot. Pari, de anno v. Edwardi Secundi, sive Rot. Ordinationum facf per Comiss. Regis t.ingen Statum tocius Regni.Õ In this Roll the Paragraphs or Chapters are numbered, and Abstracts of the Contents are inserted, in the Margin. These are printed in Addition to the Text of the Exemplification. Some Words illegible in the Exemplification have been supplied from this Roll, but which is itself partly defaced ., these and other Readings from the same Roll are marked Rot. Ord. in the Notes.

In the Treasury of Canterbury Cathedral is a Roll marked K. 11, containing these Ordinances. It begins thus Ò Ceux sunt les Noveles Ordenances faites a Lundres lan du regne nostre Scignur Rei Edward, fitz le Rei Edward Quynt: Et par mesme le Rei confermees 8c desouz seon graunt seal enseallees : Et desouz meme le Seal les dites Ordenances 8c le confermement sunt cn la Tresorie de ceste Eglise en Garde.Ó The Instrument under the Great Seal, referred to by the Roll, is not to be found in the Treasury of the Cathedral ; although the numerous and valuable Deeds and Charters there were very carefully arranged and indexed in the Year 1806. The Notes from this Roll are marked Rot. Cant.

A Copy of these Ordinances is entered, in a Hand writing of the Time of Edward II, in MS. Cott. Claudius D. II. fo. 169, 8cc j and another Copy in fo. 197, 8cc. of the same Volume, in a Hand-writing of a subsequent Period. In both Copies the Instrument is divided into Chapters, but not striflly in Accordance with the Numbers on the Roll in the Tower above noticed. The Readings from the more antient Copy are marked MS. Cott. 1 : those from the other Copy MS. Cott. 2. Copies of the Ordinances are in many other Manuscript Collections, but not in any Printed Copies of the Statutes.

VoL. I.

S S


158

5¡ Edw. II. Ordinances, c. 1Ñ7

.^D.1311.

L

Franchises of Holy Church.

II.

Keeping the KingÕs Peace.

III.

Of Gifts

made by the King without Assent of the Ordainers.

nr.

Of paying the Customs into the Exchequer.

V.

Of arresting

Merchants

Aliens.

VI.

Of keeping the Great Charter.

VH.

Of repealing Gifts of the King.

the which things being known and shewn, our Lord the King, of his free will hath granted to the Prelates, Earls, and Ba.rons, and to the other good People of his Realm, that certain Persons should be chosen to order and establish the state of his Household and of his Realm, as more fully appears by the Commission of our Lord the King thereof made: Wherefore We, Robert, by the grace of God Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all England, the Bishops, Earls, and Barons chosen by virtue of the said Commission, do ordain, to the honour of God and of Holy Church, and to the honour of the King and of his Realm, in the manner which followeth :

First, We do ordain that the Ordinances before made by Us, and shewn to the King ('), be holden and kept, the which are next under written :

Ò FIRST, It is Ordained, That Holy Church have all her Franchises, in such sort as she ought to have.

Ò MOREOVER, It is Ordained, That the Peace of the King be firmly kept throughout the Realm, so that every one may safely go, come, and tarry, according to the Law and Usage of the Realm.

Ò MOREOVER, It is Ordained, For to acquit the Debts of the King and retrieve his State, and the more honourably to maintain him, that no Gift of Land, nor ot Rent, nor of Franchise, nor of Escheat, nor of Wardship, nor Marriage, nor Bailiwick, be made to any of the said Ordainours during their Power under the said Ordinance, nor to any other, without the Consent and Assent of the said Ordainours, or of the greater part of them, or Six of them at the least; but all the things whereof Profit can arise shall be used to the Profit of the King, until his State be becomingly retrieved, and somewhat else be thereupon ordained to the honour and profit of the King.

Ç MOREOVER, It is Ordained, That the Customs of the Realm be kept and received by People of the Realm, and not by Aliens; and that the Issues and Profits of the same Customs, together with all other Issues and Profits of the Realm arising from any matters whatsoever, shall come en.tirely to the KingÕs Exchequer, and by the Treasurer and the Chamberlains shall be delivered, to maintain the Household of the King, and otherwise to his Profit, so that the King may live of his own, without taking Prises other than those an.ciently due and accustomed; and all others shall cease.

Ò MOREOVER, It is Ordained, That all Merchants Aliens, who have received the Profits of the Customs of the Realm, or of other things appurtenant to the King, since the Death of King Edward the Father of our Lord the King that now is, shall be arrested with-all their Goods, wheresoever they shall be found within the power of the King of England, until they have rendered reasonable Account, of how much they have re.ceived of the Issues of the Realm within the time aforesaid, before the Treasurer and before the Barons of the Exchequer, and others joined to them by the said Ordainours.

Ç MOREOVER, It is Ordained, That the Great Charter be kept in all its points in such manner, that if there be in the said Charter any point obscure or doubtful, it shall be declared by the said Ordainours, and others whom they will, for that purpose, call to them, when they shall see occasion and season during their power.Ó

AND Moreover, Forasmuch as the Crown is so much abased and dismembered by divers Gifts, We do ordain, That all the Gifts which have been given to the damage of the King and the Diminution of the Crown since the Commis.sion made to us, of Castles, Towns, Lands and Tenements, and Bailiwicks, Wardships and Marriages, Escheats and Re.leases, whatsoever they be, as well in Gascony, Ireland, Wales, and Scotland, as in England, be repealed, and We do repeal the same altogether, without being given again to the same persons without common assent in Parliament. And that if such manner of Gifts or Releases be from hence.forth given against the form aforesaid, without the assent of his Baronage, and that in Parliament, until that his Debts be

1 These former Ordinances, Chapter i, to 6, of the present Ordi.nances, and the Writ for their Observance, are entered on Rot.Pat. 4Ed.lI.P l- m. 18.

les queux choaes sues 8c mustrees, nre seignr le Roi de B fr*nche voluntee gr*nta as Prelatz, Countes, 8c Barons, & as autres bones gentz de son Realmc, qe cteines gentz feusstnt esluz de ordenner & establir lestat de son hostel & de son Realme, sicom plus pleinement piert p la comission nfe seign' le Roi de ceo faite : Dount ns Robert p la grace de dieu, Erceveqe de Cantrebir p'mat de tute EnglePre, Eveqes,

Contes, 8c Barons, esluz p la vertu de la dite comission, ordenoms at honr de dieu, 8c de seinte eglise, 8c lonour du Roi 8c de son Realme en la maner qe sensuit.

Enpbnes ns ordenoms qe les Ordenances avant faites p DÕ fod nous & mocstrees au Roi, soient tenues 8c gardies, les quels ^ sunt pcheinement sutzescritez. Enp'mes ordeine est qe seinte eglise eit tutes ses f*nchises, si avaunt cum ele deit avoir.

Derechef ordeine est qe la pees le Roi soit fermemem Delapct,

gardie p tute le Realme issint qe chesqun puisse sauvement k Roi

aler, venir, 8c demorrer solom la lei 8c lusage du Realme. (') šlr^'

2.

t ¥] pr les dettes le Roi acquiter & son m .

U dount

Roi sane assent des Ordtnom. 3'

a lescheqier. 4*

Derechet [orde

estat relever, 8c le plus honrablement meyntenir, qe nul doun faitapie de terre ne de rente ne de fr*nchise, ne deschete, ne de garde, ne marriage, ne baillie, se face a nul des ditz ordeinours du-

rant lour poer, del dit ordeinement, ne a [------- re s] saunz

conseil 8c assent des ditz ordeinours ou de la greign'e ptie de eus ou sis de eaux au meins, mes totes les choses des queux pfit puit sourdre, seient enproues au pfit le Roi jusq son estat soit avenanment releve, 8c autre chose soit s' ceo or- deine, al honour 8c pfit du Roi

Derechef otdeine est qe les custumes du Realme soient Des cus- gardeez 8c Tesceues p gentz du Realme mesme 8c non pas p tunics aliens, 8c qe les issues 8c les pfitz de mesmes les custumes en- semblement ove tutes autres issues 8c pfitz issanz du Realme des queles choscs qc ccs soient entierment viegnent al Escheqr le Roi, 8c p le Tresoter, 8c les chaumbleyns soient liPez p' lostel le Roi maintenir 8c aillours a son pfit issint qe le Roi peusse vivre de so:n saunz pÕses faire auttes qe auncienes dues & acustumes, [----Ç"] autres cessent.

Derechef ordeine est qc touz les Marchantz aliens qi DÕ Mar- ount resceu les pfits des custumes du Realme, ou des autres c'untJ choses apurtenantes au Roi puis la mort lc Roi Edward piere nre Seignr le Roi qore est, soient arestuz ove touz lour j, biens ou qil soient trovez denz le poer le Roi DenglcPre jesq il eyent rendu rcsonable acounte de q*nt qil eient resceus des issues du Realme denz le temps avantdit, devant le Tre- sorer, e les Barons delescheqr 8c autres jointz a eux p lei ditz ordeinours.

Derechef ordeine est qe la gr*nt chartre soit gardee en jy |, touz ses pointz en tieu mafie qe sil ieit en la dite chartre nul graundc point obscure ou dutif soit desclare, p les ditz ordeinours, & autres qil vorront a eux a ceo appeller, q'nt il verront houre e temps durant lour poer.

Et puis derechef p1 ceo qe la coron est tarn abessee 8c p> Joutl! desmembree p dips douns, ns ordenoms qe touz les douns qe kRoi sunt donez au damage du Roi 8t descrees de la Coron puis la comission a nous faite des chasteux viles Pres 8c tenz, et baillies gardes 8c manages eschetes 8c relees, quiconq qil soient, auxint bien en Gascoigne, Irland, Gales, 8c Escoce cum en EnglePre soient repellez, 8c noB les repelloms de tut saunz estre redonez as mesmes ceaux saunz comun assent en parlement. E qe si tieu maner des douns ou relees soient desormes dones encontre la forme avauntdite saunz assent de son barnage, 8c ceo en plemet taunt qe ses dettes soient

' In Rot. Pat. 4 Ed. II. P i. m. 18, is an Addition to this Article, for the Security of the Ordainers during the time of their making the Ordinances.

' Ordeine tst Rot. Ord : Rot. Pat.

J nul autre Rot. Ord: Ret. Pat.

¥ e totes Ret. Pat : Rot. Ord.

chartre tenir. 6.

repcller.

V


\eÈ queui choses sues h mtutttts, sh fr*rvche volunux p*nu as Fttha, Conan, k^,, aultes bones gentz Ac son O'*'-- * -

__,S

t gt*na u Pidj^Com^^l ..ua nones gentz de ton Retime, qe cttaa p. v

csluz At otAennet Sc esuWix Itttu 4e w v_ Realme.

Plmtt nS ordcnom, qe , ****

nou* & moeiifejj Itt È/

P hae Ic Rcalmc issint >*kRÈ'W^ c ' [orde -. tÇj

* dcrcãtencdtfrtlcbtfCi Ô

nn< !our potr, del dit ordeinemcm,

^k'-******mml!iZh

P pU# ^rdre, teient enprouc, w ^ t j .

sou avenanment rcltre, & wttt ^ ^ deine, al honour Sc pfit du Roi Derechef ordtine eat qe les comma ds |g^e gardeti 8c rciceues p gentz du Realme aa*^ >l>cni, Sc qe lc tatties & les ffitz dc atš, klaJ' f emblement ore tutes autrei issues it ffiB ** <lucles cll0,ts qe CCS soient eatienw ntp*^ le Roi, 8c p It Trtsorer, Sc les chaiuukleps oik, lostel le Roi maintemr Sc aillourss son (St iai,n peusse vine de so:n sauna p'sesfauc autre qe meet Sc acustumes, autres ceuent.

Derechef ordeine est qc touz Its Madam ib. ount resceu les (fits des custumes dn Realme,ogdaai; choses apurtenantes au Roi puis la mon !c RoihdnSp; nre Seign' le Roi qore est, soient aiatm on*i biens ou qil soient troÈez denz le poer le Roi Denglefe o il ejrent rendu rcsonable acounte de q'nt qil deat mat issues du Realme denz le temps arantdit, dentlelb sorer, e les Barons delescheqr & autres jointz a ear |l ditz ordeinours.

Derechef ordeine est qe la grtt chartrt Mp: touz ses pointz en tieu mafic qe ail leitenhdatttei point obscure ou dutif soit desclare, pies dMorddacl autres qil vorront a eui a ceo appellee, (jDumols

e temps durant lour poer.

Et puis derechef p' ceo qe la caron est tana

desmembree p di?s douns, n5 ordenoms qe touz bÇÈ! sunt donez au damage du Roi Jcdeserees debWÈ la comission a nous faite des chasteus * * et baillies gardes Sc mariages eschetes !c soient, auxint bien en Gascoigne, en EngletVe soient repellez,'

cum

mesmes

StnoÕl ceauc s

saunz estre redonez as en parlement. E qe si tieu miner des i detoma dones encontn la forme an de ion bamage, & ceo en planet nun

1 In Rot.Pa. 4 £/. //. F. i. * i J,ÇÇi

(or the Security of the Ordiioen during I

the Ordinances

' Ordeine eit Ra. OrJ: Ra. Pa.

Õ nuJ antre Ra. OrJ: Ra.Pa.

¥ e totes Ra Pa: Ra. OrJ.

De totes maSes issues du roialm li?er a leKheqier.

8.

Qe le Roi ne aile hors du roiaume.

9-

Qe totes p'ses cessent. io.

DÕ noveles custumes 8c maletoutes ouster.

II.

acquittez & son estat arenanment relevez soient tenuz, p' nulle, et soit le pnour puniz en plerhent par agard del bamage.

Purceo qe autrefoiz fust ordeine qe les custumes du Realme fussent resceues 8c gardees p gentz du Realme, 8c non pas p aliens 8c qe les issues e les plitz de mesines les custumes cn- semblement ove tutes les autres issues 8c pfitz issanz du Realme quels qe eux feussent entierment venissent al Escheqr le Roi, 8c p le Tresorcr & les Chaumberleyns feussent resceues & lirerez pr lostel le Roi meintenir, 8c aillours a son pfit is.sint qe le Roi peusse vivre du soen saunz p'ses faire autre qe auncienes dues 8c dreit'eles, les queux choses (') sunt mie tenuz; Dont nous ordenoms qe les dites custumes ensemble- ment ore tutes les issues du Realme coin avant est dit, soient resceues 8c gardees p gentz du Realme, 8c liverez al Eschcqer en la forme susdite.

Purceo qe le Roi ne doit enprendre fait de Guerre en- contre nuli, ne aler hor3 de son Realme saunz comun assent de son Bamage pur multz des pilez qe purront avenir a luy,

8c a son Realme, nous ordenoms qe le Roi desormes ne aille hors de son Realme ne enpregne encontre nuli fait de Guerre, saunz comun assent de son Bamage, Sc ceo en plement, et si autrement le face, & si sur tiele enprise face somondre son Vice, soit la somounce pur nule. Et sil aveigne qe le Roi enpreigne fait de Guerre contre nuli ou aille hors de ?re p Ijssent de son bamage, 8c bosoigne qil mette gardeyn en son Realme, donqe le mette p comun assent de son barnage 8c ceo en plement.

Et p' ceo qil fait a doter qe la poeple de la Pre se leve p' P'ses 8c divers Oppressions faites eintz ces hourcs, nomement, p' ceo qe autrefoiz estoit ordene qe nre Seign' le Roi vesqui- sist de soen saunz p'ses faire autres qe les aunciens dues Sc custumes, 8c totes autres se cessasent, e non pas pr ceo p'ses sunt faites de jour en jour contre cel ordeinement com avant, Nous ordenoms qe totes p'ses cessent desormes sauve les p'ses aunciens dreit'eles 8c dues au Roi, 8c as autres, as queux eles sont dues' de droit. Et si nuls p'ses se facent contre Lor- deinement susdit p qi qe ceo soit, ou de qel condicion qil soit, ceste a savoir si nul p colour de purviaunce faire al oeps nre Seign' le Roi ou a autri preigne bleez, merez, marchan- dises, ou autre mancr des biens, contre la volunte de ceaux a qi il sont, et ne rendre meintenaunt les deners a la verroie value sil ne puisse de ceo avoir respit de la bone voluntee le vendour, solom ceo qe est compris en la gr*nt chartre des pÕses faites p conestables de chasteux, e lour baillifs, 8c estre la forsprise des pÕses dues susdites, nient contresteant comis.sion qil eit, soit levee sur luy la menee p hu 8c cri, & mene a la pscheine gaole le Roi, et de luy soit fait comun lei com de Robeour ou de laron, si de ceo soit atteint.

Ensement novels custumees sont leveez 8c aunciens en- hancees coin sur leynes, draps, vins, avoir de pois 8c autres choses p quei les Marchantz viegnent le plus rclement, 8c meyns de bien miegnent en la terre, 8c les Marchantz es- t*nges demoerent plus longes qil ne soleient faire, p la quel demoere les choses sont le plus encheries qel ne soleient estre au damage du Roi e de son poeple ; Nous ordenoms, qe tutes maneres des custumees 8c maltoutes leveez puis le coronnement le Roi Edward fiz le Roi Henri soient entierment oustees 8c de tut esteinz p' touz jours, nient contresteant la chartre qe le dit Roi Edward fit as Marchantz aliens, p' ceo qe ele fut fait contre la grant chartre, 8c encontre la fr*nchise de la Citee de Loundres 8c sanz assent del Barnage ; et si nuli de quele con.dicion qil soit riens preigne ou leve outre les auncienes cus.tumees dues e dreit'eles, ou destourbance face p quei les marchantz ne puissent de lur biens faire lour volunte, 8c de 1 ne Rot.Ord.

acquitted, and his State becomingly relieved, they shall be holden for none, and the Taker shall be punished in Parlia.ment by the Award of the Baronage.

FORASMUCH as it was heretofore ordained, That the Customs of the Realm should be received and kept by People of the Realm, and not by Aliens ; and that the Issues ami the Profits of the same Customs, together with all other Issues and Profits of the Realm arising, whatsoever they be, should come entirely to the KingÕs Exchequer, and by the Treasurer and Chamberlain be received and delivered for the Mainte.nance of the KingÕs Household, and otherwise to his profit, so that the King might live of his own, without making Prises other than those anciently due and rightful; the which mat.ters are not observed ; Wherefore We do ordain, that the said Customs, together with all the Issues of the Realm as afore is said, be received and kept by People of the Realm, and delivered into the Exchequer in the form aforementioned.

FORASMUCH as the King ought not to undertake Deed of War against any one, nor to go out of his Realm, but by common assent of his Baronage, for the many Perils that may happen to him and his Realm, We do ordain, That the King henceforth shall not go out of his Realm, nor undertake against any one Deed of War, without the common assent of his Baronage, and that in Parliament. And if he otherwise do, and upon such Enterprize cause to be summoned his Service, such Summons shall be for none) and if it happen that the King undertake Deed of War against any one, or go out of the Realm, with the assent of his said Baronage, and it be necessary that he appoint a Guardian in his Realm, then he shall appoint him with the common assent of his Baronage, and that in Parliament.

VIII.

Of paying all Manner of Issues of the Realm into the Exchequer.

IX. That the King go not out ofthe Realm.

AND Forasmuch as it is to be feared that the People of X. the Land will rise, for the Prises and divers Oppressions That all made in these times, especially because that it was heretofore ordained, That our Lord the King should live of his own, without making Prises other than those anciently due and accustomed, and all others should cease, and nevertheless Prises are made from day to day against that Ordinance, as be.fore ; We do ordain that all Prises fhall cease from henceforth, saving the Prises, antient, rightful, and due to the King, and to others to whom they are due of right. And if any Prises be made contrary to the Ordinance aforesaid, by whomsoever it be, or of whatsoever condition he be ., that is to say, if any, by colour of making Purveyance to the use of our Lord the King, or of another, (hall take Corn, Wares, Merchandizes, or other manner of Goods, against the will of those to whom they belong, and do not render incontinently the Money to the very Value, if he cannot thereof have respite of the good will of the seller, according to that which is comprised in the great Charter, of Prises made by Constables of Castles and their Bailiffs, and moreover the Prises aforesaid which are due being excepted, notwithstanding any Commission which may be, the pursuit of the Hue and Cry shall be raised upon him, and he shall be carried to the next Gaol of the King, and the Common Law shall be done of him as of a Robber or Thief, if he be thereof attainted.

ALSO, new Customs have been levied, and the old en.hanced, as upon Wools, Cloths, Wines, Avoir de pois, and other Things, whereby the Merchants come more seldom, and bring fewer Goods into the Land, and the Foreign Merchants ahide longer than they were wont to do, by which abiding things become more dear than they were wont to be, to the damage of the King and his People ; We do ordain, that all manner of Customs and Imposts levied since the Coronation of King Edward, Son of King Henry, be entirely put out, and altogether extinguished for ever, notwithstanding the Charter which the said King Edward made to the Merchants Aliens, because the same was made contrary to the Great Charter and the Franchise of the City of London, and without the assent of the Baronage ; And if any, of whatsoever condition he be, do take or levy any thing beyond the ancient Customs due and rightful, or make disturbance, whereby the Merchants cannot of their Goods do their will, and thereof be attainted, there

XI.

Of abolishing Nrw Customs and evilTollt.


XII.

Of Damages in Attach.ment on Prohibition.

XIII.

Of removing evil Coun.sellors from the King.

XIV.

Of appoint.ing the KingÕs Officers and Ministers.

XV.

Wardens of Ports, &c.

XVI.

Of appoint.ing Ministers in Gascony, Ireland, and Scotland.

XVII.

Of appoint.ing Sheriffs in Counties.

XVIII. Of Keepers of Forests.

shall be awarded to the Plaintiffs their Damages, having re.gard to the Purchase, to the Suit, to the Costs and Losses which they shall have had, and to the violation of the Great Charter; and the Trespasser shall/ be imprisoned according to the quantity of the Trespass, and according to the discre.tion of the Justices, and he shall never be in the KingÕs Ser.vice ; saving nevertheless to the King the Customs of Wools, Wool-Fells and Leather; that is to say, for each Sack of Wool, half a Mark, and for three hundred Wool-Fells, half a Mark, and for a Last of Leather, one Mark, if the Goods be liable thereto: And henceforth Merchants Strangers shall come, abide, and go according to the ancient Customs, and according to that which of old they were wont to do.

TO the Honour of God and of Holy Church, and against those who by malice do purchase Prohibitions and Attachments against the Ordinaries of Holy Church in causes of corredlions of Sin, and others purely spiritual, which in no wise belong to the Lay Court; We do ordain, that by the Justices, who convid for such malicious doings, and who amerce the mali.cious Plaintiffs, Damages shall be awarded to the Ordinaries injuriously vexed, or if the said Plaintiffs have nothing whereof to pay, Imprisonment shall be awarded for the time according to the Grievance maliciously procured, saving the Estate of the King, and of his Crown, and the Right of others.

AND Forasmuch as the King hath been evil guided and counselled by bad Counsellors, as is aforesaid, We do ordain, that all evil Counsellors be put away and removed altogether, so that neither they nor other such be near him, nor retained in any Office of the King, and other more fit People be put in their Places; And in the same manner shall it be done of their Servants and People of Office, and of others who arc in the KingÕs Household, who are not fit.

AND Forasmuch as many Evils have come to pass by such Counsellors and such Ministers, We do ordain that the King do make the Chancellor, Chief Justice of the one Bench and the other, the Treasurer, the Chancellor and Chief Baron of the Exchequer, the Steward of his Houshold, the Keeper of his Wardrobe, and Comptroller, and a fit Clerk to keep the Privy Seal, a Chief Keeper of the Forests on this Side of Trent, and another on the other Side of Trent, and also an Escheator on this Side of Trent, and another on the other Side of Trent, and the Chief Clerk of the King in the Com.mon Bench, by the Counsel and Assent of his Baronage, and that in Parliament; And if it happen by any chance, that it be expedient to appoint any of the said Ministers before there be a Parliament, then the King shall appoint thereto by the good Counsel which he shall have near him, until the Parliament. And so it shall henceforth be done of such Ministers, when need shall be.

LIKEWISE We do ordain, that all the Chief Wardens of the Ports and the Castles upon the Sea, shall be appointed and made in the Form aforesaid, and that such Wardens be themselves People of the Land.

AND Forasmuch as the Lands of Gascony, Ireland, and Scotland be in peril of being lost for want of good Ministers, We do ordain, that good and sufficient Ministers be appointed to keep watch in the said Lands, in the form contained in the Second Article next above.

MOREOVER We do ordain, that the Sheriffs be from henceforth appointed by the Chancellor, the Treasurer, and the others of the Council who shall be present; and if the Chancellor be not present, they shall be appointed by the 'treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer, and by the Justices of the Bench, and that such be appointed and made who are fit and sufficient and who have Lands and Tenements whereof they can answer to the King arid to the People for their Deeds, and that no other than such be appointed, and that they have their Commission under the Great Seal.

FOKASMUCH as common Fame is, and besides much Proof hath been made, that divers Oppressions, as Disherit- ances, false Indi&ments and Imprisonments, and thereupon grievous Hansoms, and many other manner of Grievances, which the Wardens, Bailiffs, Ministers of the Forest, and others, have done by colour of their Bailiwicks and of their

ceo soient atteinz, soient agardez as pleintifs lur damages, eaunz regard au p'chaz a la suite, as custages 8c pees qe il aVont eu, & al offense de la g*nt chartre, et eit le trespassour la p'son solom la q*ntite du trespas, 8c solom descrecion des Justices, et mes ne soit en Svice le Roi; sauve nequident au Roi les custumes de Leyne, peaus, & de quirs, ceste a savoit de chequn sak de leyne demy mark, et de CCC. peaus lanutz demy mark, & de last de quir un mark, si avoir le doit; 8c desormes viegnent, demoergent 8c aiilent les estÕnges mar- chantz, solom les auncienes custumes, et solom ceo qe aun- cienment soleient faire.

Al hon' de dieu & de Seinte Eglise, 8c eDcontre ceaui qi p

malise pÕchasent phibicions 8c attachementz encontre ordey. a?en

nairs de seinte Eglise en causes de correccions de peche 8c ^^*1* , ... , . phibickm.

dautres purement espiritales, qe en nule manere ptiegnent a la

il.

lei Court, No5 ordenoms qe p les Justices qi atteignent tieux malices, 8c qi amercient les malisiouses pleyntifs soient agardez damages as ordeinaires a tort tÕvaillez, ou si les ditz pleintifs neient dount paier, soit agarde p'son de temps solom la gre- vence malisiousement peuree, sauve lestat le Roi & de sa co- rone, 8c autri droit.

Et pr ceo qe le Roi ad este mal guye 8c conseile p malveis jy m,| conseilers com est susdit; Noš ordenoms qe touz les mal- seillienle veis conseilers soient ostes 8c remuez de tut, issint qe eux ne ^0I ous,tr'

>3-

le Roi faire.

M*

autres tieux nen soient mes pres deluy, ne en office le Roi re- tenuz, et qe autres gentz covenables soient mys en lour leux,

8c en mesme le maner soit fait des Mesnengs & de gentz de office [8c Dautres '] qi sunt en lostel le Roi, qi ne sont

pas covenables.

Et pr ceo qe multz des mals sont avenuz p tieux consei- j)e lers 8c tieux ministres; N 9 ordenoms qe le Roi face Chaun- & Ministm celer, Chief Justices del un bank a del autre, Tresorer,

Chanceler, 8c Chef Baron de Escheqer, Seneschal de son Hostel, Gardein de la Garderobc, 8c Contreroulour 8c son clerk covenable pr garder son p've seal, un chief gardein de ses forestes de cea Trente, 8c un autre de la Trente & auxi un Eschetour de cea Trente, & un autre de la, Chef clerk le Roi en le comun Baunk, p le conseil 8c lassent de son Baronage, et ceo en plement; 8c sil aveigne p asqun aventure qil co- veigne mettre asqun des ditz ministres avaunt ceo qe plement soit, donqe le Roi [il mette1] p le bon conseil qil avera pres de luy jesqs au plement; 8c issint soit fait desormes des tieux ministres q'nt mestre serfa.

Ensement nou6 ordenoms qe (3) les chef gardeinsdes portz, e des chasteux sur la meer soient mis e faitz en la forme sus.dit, el qe ceaux gardeins soient de la Pre mesmes.

Et pÕceo qe les Pres de Gascoigne, Dirland, 8c descoce sunt en peril destre pducs p defaute des bons ministres; No5 faire en tres ordenoms qe bons e suffisanz ministres soient mis a la gard fortinci faire en les dites ires en la forme contenu en le secunde article pchein p amont.

Eslre ceo noš ordenoms qe viscontes soient desormes mis DTiscotitri

p le Chaunceler, Tresorer, 8c les autres du conseil qe ?ront [['rt01 Õ ã Õ Counttz.

psents, 8c si Chanceler ne soit psent, soient mis p le Tresorer n.

e Barons del Escheqer, Sc p les justices du Bank, 8c qe tieus soient mis 8c faitz qi soient covenables & suffisantz, ft qi eient Pres 8c tenementz dont il puissent responder au Roi,

[ou <] al poeple, de lour faitz, e qe nuls autres qe tieux ne soient mis, et qe eus eient comission desouth le g*nt seal.

Purceo qe comune fame est 8c ovesq ceo meinte demos- D1 Gardeini

trance ad este faite qe elvers oppssions, cum deshitanses faux deFwats.

. lo.

enditementz e enp'sonemenz, 8c sur ceo greves ranscons, 8c

Dautres multz des maners de grevanses, qe gardeins, Baillifs,

Si ministres des forestes & autres out fait p colur de lur ba'illies

,5-

Del Gardein

decink

portz.

DÕ Ministres

1 Rot. Ord. omits. 1 touz Rot. Ord.

1 yinette Rot. Ord. 4 8c Rot. Ord.

;<5S-

L Itb

* I ?


mances, c. ij.__

18.

trÇÑ.cx-s

Ro' .Ç custumej dc !¥ã * Õ am"Çto,

dÇormÇ viegMM, dtm

c^.solomlcslMCJ

cwnment soleient fiire. t'iolo"iÈÇ,

Jlhwdedfcufcdetoftj^.

^^IÈfch,k2l ^

la Cowt.NoÈordÇom,,eplesI.^

¥È,**.* £

mjl,S10uscmtnt pcurcc, Siutt ^ kR ?

rone, & autri droit. Òii,u

consolers com cs. wdit, Nos ordenoms

res consolers soicmostofercmuade,,,^ *

autres tern nets scent mcs pres delay, neenofc^,, tCnuzÕn V JOtres gentz corembla soiesi my, s,t k 01 mcsnit >Ç miner soit fait des Mtsragi ic office [&DautresÔ] qi sont n lostel lcRffllf lK pas corenables.

Et p' ceo qe multz des mils soot iraai pMai. len 8c tieui ministres; Ns ordenoms qe le RotirQj, celer, Chief Justices del un bank i del mat, Tam,! Chanccler, 8c Chef Baron de Escheqer, Sotsddka Hostel, Gardcin de la Garderobe, 8c Connemulourk suds covenable p' girder son pHre seal, sus chief gardes i . forestes de cea Trente, 8c un autre de h Trait Sim Eschetour decea Trente, 8c un autre de la, Chef daikit en le comun Baunk, p le couseil 8c lassent de mbit, et ceo en plement; 8c sil ireigne p asqun iraš|is reigne mettre asqun des dltz ministres ansnt ceoqejbs soit, donqe le Roi [ il mette'] p le bon couseil (J sop de luy jcsqs au plement ; 8c issiut suit fait d:tmiÈB ministres q*nt roestre scrfa.

En.'Cment nous ordenoms qe (') les ehef gardensdesiir. e des chastcux sur la meet soient mistto fktau dit, et qe ceaux gardeins soient deum š*È

Et p'ceo qe les <Õres de GacoiPf'

en peril destre pdues p default des bons e sulEsanz ministres

, Dtriand, k i

sunt

ordenoms qe .*ÈÈ ---------

les dices fÇs en la forme conw

soient mis i b (Ç

fairs en

article pchein p amont.

Estre ceo no5 ordenoms qeviseontes sow.

i le Chaunceler, lresorer, 8c lesautres

. I___ crxW nsfnt. so;

k k*<

iksccs

i

do coisdfB

ljkTs

soient mis 8c faitz qi mat to - Ñ dont il

mils autres qt

eient ?res 8c tenementz

[ou<] al poeple.de lour fatta, e qe soient mis. et qe eus eien, comission dean1 Purceo ,e camune fame e*koxe,

p'sonemenXi 8csur ct0 ^ ,

CDS1

Uilcf^

5 cÇ

defo**

cnditemouzeenpsonemenz.k^

& ministres des tore tea

i for. Orl omits- i touz Ra- Ori-

. ytnetttª1 ¥ bU-M-

A.D. 1311.

19.

gc de liar offices, desquels grevanses le poeple qi tant est greve, ne se ose overtment pleindre ne lur pleintes suite, en la Court le Roi, tant come il sont en lur baillies 8c offices; Nous ordenoms qe des touz gardeins baillies 8c ministres des forestes qe avant le tenps le Roi qore est soleient estre remuables a la volunre le Roi, auxi bien de ceaux as queux lur baillies 8c offices sont ja volentriment gr'nte a terme de vie, non con- treesteant lieu gr*nt, cum des autres, lour baillies ou offices soient seisiez en la main le Roi ; et qe bones gentz e leaus soient assigneez Justices denquer sur les grevances avandites,

8c de oier 8c de {miner tutes les grevances & les pleintes de touz iceaux qi devers les ditz gardeins, Baillifs, 8c ministres de forestes [ou autres1] suire vodront pr le Roi, ou pr eux mesmes, solom la lei 8c la custume du Realme, 8c si avant com lei le soeffiree, soient les pleintes {niineez entre cy 8c la Pasq proschein avenir, ou avant si horn poet en bon tnanere solom lei. Et si les ditz gardeins bailiff's 8c ministres soient t¡vez cupables des grevances avant dites, adonqe soient re- muez pr touz Jours, et si non reeient leur baillies 8c offices. Des endite- Et p' ceo qe plusours gentz sunt desheritez reintz 8c mentz de la destrutz p les loveins gardeins de les forestes de cca Trent 8c Foreste. ]a> ^ ^ |es lutres ministres contre la forme de la chartre

de la foreste, 8c encontre la declaracion qe le Roi Edward fiz le Roi Henri fist en la forme qe sensuit, cest asavoir; Nous voloms 8c grantoms pr nous 8c pr nos heires qe de trespas faitz en nos forestes de vett 8c de veneison qe les foresters en qi baillies tieux trespas s!ront faitz, presentent mesmes les tre pas as pcheins Swanimotz devant foresters verdeers, regardours, agistours, 8c autres ministres de mesmes les forestes, et sur tieus jSsentmentz devant les foresters, ver- ders, regardours, agistours, 8c autres ministres avantditz p sment, auxi bien des chevalers come dautres pdeshoms 8c leaux, e nemie suspecionous des pties vaisineaux 8c plus pcheines ou tieux trespas ISront issint psentez purra la verite mieuz 8c plus pleinment estre enquise, e tiel verite issint enquire soient tieux psentmentz p comune acord & assent de touz les ministres avantditz, solenipment afforccs, 8c de lour sealx enseales: Et si en autre maner soit nul endite- ment fet desormes soit a nul tenuz : Et pur ceo qe les chiefs gardeins des forestes ne unt mie la dite forme tenue jesqe cn cea; Nous ordenoms qe desormes nul ne soit pris ne en- p'sone pur vert nc p' veneson, si il ne soit trove ove mai- noure ou en la fourme avandite [ou en la forme avandite,1] 8c adonq lui lesse le soverein gardein de la foreste a mainpris jesq al heire de la forest, saunz rien prendre pr la deliveranse 8c si le dit gardein faire ne le voille, eit bref en Chancelerie qe auncienment fust ordeine pr tieux enditees destre a mayn- pris jesqe en Eyre; et si le dit gardein aps le dit bref receu ne face tieus etiditez sanz delei deliverer a meinpris, sanz rien pndre, donq eit le pleintif bref en Chancelerie al viscont de attacher le gardein devant le Roi au certein jour a re.sponds, pr quci il nad replevi celi qi est ensi pris ; e le vis.cont appellez les verders face deliverer celi qe est pris p bon mainpris en le psence des Verders, 8c les nouns des mainpnours face liverer a mesmes les verders a respondre en Eyre devant Justices. Et si le chief gardein de ceo soit at- teint, soient agardez as pleintifs ses damages au treble, et le dit gardein a la p'son 8c rcint a la volente le Roi, et mes ne soit en office le Roi. Et desormes soit escrit a eux com as chiefs gardeins de la forest, pr ce qe Justic ne deivent il estre, ne record avoir, forsq en Eyre. Et pr ceo qe horn dit qe les chiefs gardeins des forestes encontre la forme susdite unt p's 8c levez fins anlcimentz & ranseons, Nous orde.noms qe les gardeins avantdiz e les autres chiefs gardeins rendent lour acontes, des p'ses susdites, devant le Tresorer 8c les Barons del Escheqer entre cy et le Noel proschein avenir.

Ret. Ord. omits.

'. enditez Rot. Ord.

Offices, of which Grievances the People, who are so much grieved, do not dare openly to complain, nor to prosecute their Suit in the KingÕs Court, while they are in their Bailiwicks and Offices; We do ordain that of all Wardens, Bailiffs, and Ministers of the Forests, who before the Time of the King who now is, have been wont to be removeable at the King's Pleasure as well of those to whom their Bailiwicks and Offices have been already wilfully granted for term of life, notwithstanding such Grant, as of others, their Bailiwicks or Offices shall be seised in the King's hand ; and that good and sufficient Persons be assigned Justices to enquire upon the Grievances aforesaid, and to hear and determine all the Griev.ances and Plaints of all those who will prosecute for the King, or for themselves, against the said Wardens, Bailiffs, and Ministers of the Forests, or others, according to the Law and Custom of the Realm ; and in such sort as the Law will permit, the Plaints shall be determined between this and the Easter next coming, or before, if they can in due manner according to Law. And if the said Wardens, Bailiffs, and Ministers be found guilty of the Grievances aforesaid, then they shall be removed for ever, and if not, they shall have again their Bailiwicks and Offices.

AND Forasmuch as many Petsons have been disherited, fined, and destroyed by the Chief Wardens of the Fo.rests on this side of Trent and on the other, and by other Ministers, against the form of the Charter of the Forest, and against the Declaration which King Edward the Son of King Henry made in the Form which followeth; that is to say ;

ÒWe will and grant for ourselves and our Heirs, that con.cerning Trespasses hereafter to be done in our Forests of Green-Hue and of Hunting, the Foresters within whose Bailiwicks such Trespasses shall happen to be committed, shall present the same at the next Swanimote before the Fo.resters, Verdors, Regardors, Agistors, and other Ministers of the same Forest; and upon such Presentations there before the Foresters, Verdors, Regardors, Agistors, and all other Ministers aforesaid, by the Oath as well of Knights as of other lawful and honest Men of the nearest parts where the Trespass so presented shall be done, not suspefted, the truth of the matter shall be better and more fully inquired of; and the truth so inquired of, the same Presentations by the com.mon Accord and Assent of all the Ministers aforesaid shall be solemnly confirmed and sealed with their Seals : And if an In- di&ment be in any other Manner, it shall be adjudged voidsÓ And because that the Chief Wardens of the Forests have not observed the said Form heretofore, We do ordain, that henceforth no one shall be taken or imprisoned for Green- Hue or Hunting, unless he be found with the Mainour, or indifked in the form before mentioned, and then the Chief Warden of the Forest shall deliver him to Mainprize until the Eyre of the Forest, without taking any thing for his deli.verance. And if the said Warden will not do it, he shall have the Writ in the Chancery which was of old ordained for such Persons indicted, to be at Mainprise until the Evre ; And if the said Warden, after the receiving of the said Writ, do not cause such Persons indifted to be delivered to Main.prise, without taking any thing, then the Plaintiff shall have a Writ in the Chancery to the Sheriff, to attach the Warden before the King, to answer at a certain day, why he hath not replevied him, who is so taken ; And the Sheriff, calling the Verdors, shall cause to be delivered him who is so taken, to good Mainprise, in the presence of the Verdors, and shall cause to be delivered the names of the Mainper.nors to the same Verdors, to answer in Eyre before the Justices. And if the Chief Warden Le thereof attainted, there shall be awarded to the Plaintiffs their treble Damages ; and the said Warden shall be imprisoned and ransomed at the KingÕs Pleasure, and shall never be in the Service of the King. And from henceforth it shall be written to them as to the Chief Wardens of the Forest, because that they cannot be Justices, nor have Record, except in Fvre. And Forasmuch as it is said, that the Chief Wardens o' the Forests have taken and levied Fines, Amercements, and Ran.soms against the Form aforesaid, We do ordain, that the said Wardens, and the other Chief Wardens do render their Ac.counts of the aforesaid Prises before the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer, between this and the Christmas next to come.

XIX.

Of Indifk- ments of the Fotest.

34 EJ-1- Ordinjtio Foreilt, C. I.


XX

Concerning

Piers

Gavaston.

FORASMUCH as it is a Matter known, and proved by the examination of the Prelates, Earls, and Barons, Knights, and other good People of the Realm, that Piers de Gavaston hath evil led and evil counselled our Lord the King, and hath enticed him to do evil in divers and deceitful manners, in ga.thering to himself all the Treasure of the King, and sending the same out of the Realm; in accroaching to himself Royal Power and Royal Dignity, as in making alliances of People by Oaths to live and die with him against all Men, and that by the Treasure which he acquired from day to day; in lording it over the State of the King and of the Crown, in destruc.tion of the King and his People, and especially estranging the KingÕs heart from his Liege People; in despising their coun.sels ; not suffering good Ministers to execute the Law of the Land ; in removing good Ministers, putting in those of his covin, as well Aliens as others, and who at his will and at his command offended against Right and the Law of the Land; in taking the KingÕs Lands, Tenements, and Bailiwicks to him and his Heirs; and hath caused the King to give the Lands and Tenements of his Crown to divers People, to the great Damage and Decrease of the State of the King and of his Crown; and that as well since the Ordinance which the King granted to the Ordainours, to aft for the profit of him and of his People, as before, against the Ordinance of the Ordain.ours ; and maintaining Robbers, Homicides, and causing them to obtain the KingÕs Charter of his Peace, in encouraging evil doers to aft worse ; and in carrying the King into hostile Land without the Assent of his Baronage, to the peril of his Person and the destruction of his Realm ; and in causing to be sealed Blank Charters under the Great Seal of the King, in deceit and disheritance of the King and his Crown, and against his homage; and feloniously, falsely, and traiterously hath done the things aforesaid, to the great dishonour and damage of the King, and disherison of his Crown, and disherison of the People in many ways: And Moreover We, having regard to the Deeds of the most noble King, the Father of ihe King that now is, by whose award the aforesaid Piers abjured the Realm of England, and who willed that our Lord the King his Son should abjure for ever his Company; and that since by the common Assent of all the Realm, and of the King, and of the same Prelates, Earls, and Barons, it was heretofore awarded that he should void the faid Realm, and he did void the fame; and that his Return was never by common Assent, but only by the Assent of some Persons, who, under condition if he should well demean himself after his return, assented thereto: And now for certain is found his evil demeanour; for which demeanour, and for the great evils aforesaid, and for the many others which may happen to our Lord the King and his People, and for nourishing good concord between the King and his People, and to eschew many manners of discords and perils; We do ordain, by virtue of the Commission of our Lord the King to us granted, that Piers de Gavaston, as the open Enemy of the King and of his People, be for ever exiled, as well out of the Realm of England, Scotland, Ireland, and Wales, as from all the Dominion of our Lord the King, as well beyond the Sea as on this Side, for ever, never to return : and that he do void the Realm of England and all the Land, aforesaid, and entirely all the Dominion of our Lord the King, between this and the Feast of All Saints next to come ; and We do give hint Port at Dover, in the form afore.said, and no where else, from whence to pass and go out. And if the said Piers do abide in the Realm of England, or in any other place within the Dominion of our Lord the King, beyond the said Day which is given to him to go out and pass as is aforesaid, then it shall be done of him as of the Enemy of the King and of the Realm, and of his People. And that all those who henceforth shall contravene this Ordinance in respeft of the said Exile, or the penalty thereupon ensuing, it shall be done of them according to that which thereunto pertaineth, if thereof they be attainted.

XXL

Concerning Emery Fris- cotnbaud.

ALSO We do ordain, that Emery and those of the Company of Friscombaud do render account in the manner that was or.dained and published, notwithstanding the account which they say they have rendered, within the Quinzime of St. Michael next coming, and in the mean time there be arrested all the Bo.dies and all the Goods of the Company of those of Friscom.baud, who can be found in the power of the King of England,


20. Pur ceo qe conue chose est 8t p le examinemet des

Prelatz, Countes 8c Barons chevalers e autres bones gentz Gavaston du Realme trove qe Pierres de Gavaston ad malmenez & JO. malconseiles nre Seign' le Roi & lad entice a malfair en dverses maners 8c deceivantes en aquillant a luy tut le Tresor le Roi e lad elloigne hors du Realme, en attreant a lUy [real1] poer e [real1] dignite, com en alliance faire des genz p Dmentz a vivre 8c morer ovesq luy encontre tutes gentz, & ce p le Tresor qe il p'chace de jour en jour, en- seignurant s' lestat le Roi 8c de la corone, en destruccion du Roi et du poeple, et especiaument enloignant le cuer le SeignÕ de3 ses liges [gen - - >] despisant lour conseils, nient soeffrant bons ministres faire lei de terre, en ostant Its bones ministres, mettant ceux de sa covine, auxi bien aliens com autres, e qe a sa volume 8c a son comandement offen. dunt droit et lei de terre, enpnant tenes tenementz 8c baillies du Roi a luy 8c a ses heires, 8c ad fait q le Roi ad done Pres 8c tenemenz de sa corone a diPses gentz au grant da.mage 8c descres de lestat le Roi 8c de sa corone, 8c ceo auxi bien puis lordeinement qe le Roi gÕnta as ordenours de faire au pfit de luy 8c de son poeple, cu devant encontre lordenement des ordenours, & [meintent4] Robbeours homi.cides C) 8c les fait avoir la chartre le Roi de sa pees, en donant hardement as meffesours de pis faire, 8c en menant le Roi en terre de Guerre sanz comun assent de son Barnage en pil de son corps & en destruccion du Realme, 8c en fesant sealer blaunches chartres desout le grant seal le Roi en deceit 8c desheritance le Roi, e de sa corone, 8c encontre son homage; Et felonesement, fausement, 8c treiterousement ad fait les choses susdites a gr*nt deshonour 8c damage du Roi, 8c desheriteson de la corone 8c a destruccion du poeple, en multz des maners : Et ovesq ceo nous eauntz

regard a les faitz le tres noble Roi piere le Roi qore est p qi agard lavantdit Pierres forsjura le Realme Dengleterre, e voleit qe nre seignÕ le Roi son fiz forsjurast a touz jours la compaignie de luy ; Et qe puis p comun assent de tote le Realme 8c du Rot & de luy mesmes Prelatz, Countes, 8t Barons autrefoitz estoit agarde de mesme le Realme voider,

& voida, 8c qe son rctoumer nestoit unqes p comun assent, mes solement p assent dasqunes psones qe soutz condicion si bien se portast apres son retorner a ceo se assentirent: et ore certeimment est trove son mal port, pur quel port, e pv les gÕntz malveistez susditz 8c p' plusours autres qe porront avenir a nre seignÕ le Roi 8c a son poeple, e pÕ bon acord nurrir entre le Roi e ses gentz, et multz de maners de des- cordez 8c pilz eschuire ; Nous ordenoms (*) p vertu de la comission nre SeignÕ le Roi a nous grantee qe Pierres de Ga.vaston com apert enemi le Roi 8c de son poeple soit de tut exilez auxi bien hors du realme DenglePre, Descoce, Dirland,

8c de Gales, cum de tute la Seignuri nre seignÕ le Roi, auxi bien de la la meer com decea, a touz jours saunz james re- tourner; 8c qil void le Realme DenglePre, 8c tuttes les Pres susditz, 8c tut outrement tut la Seignurie nre SeignÕ le Roi entre cy Sc la feste de touz Seintz pschein avenir; Et luy donoms port a Dovre en la forme susdite, et nul part ail. lours a passer 8c a voider. Et si le dit Pierres demoerge en le Realme DenglePre ou nule part ailours en la Seignuri nre SeignÕ le Roi outre le dit jour qe done luy est de voider e de passer com est susdit, adonq soit fait de luy com del enemi du Roi 8c du Realme 8c de son poeple. Et qe touz ceaux qe desormes vont contre cest ordeinement en droit du dite exit ou la pein qe sensuit, soit fait de eux solom ceo [qil 3] appent, si de ceo soient atteinz.

Aussint ns ordenoms qe Emery 8c ceux de la com- DÕ Emm paignie de Friscombaud viegnent a la conte [a (] la manere Friscom- qe fust ordeine 8c pubpliee non contresteant la conte qil se dient avoir renduz de denz la q'nzein de la Seint Michel preschein avenir, et endementres soient mis en areste touz les corps 8c touz les biens de la compaignie de ceaux de Fris.combaud qe porront estre trovez en le poer le Roi DenglePre,

1 roial 1 roiale 3 gentz en 3 Sc Iarons MS.Cett. I.

Ret. Ord.

eintient j y \Rot.

ndre en J

Ori.

* meintient

3 q y 6 rendre <

3 com Ordinours MS. Cetf.i¥

k

.q.

las

Le

las

**È. C. 20,21,

10. Put ceo qe conue chose est h jk

Preiatz, Countes k batata tkwkntwia^'

du Realme note qe Pienes 4e Gwoš k ^

malconseilcs me Seign' le Roi & \a4 trim

flvetjes miners k 4eceinntes en iqdlWiukit*,Õ^

\e Roi c UA elloigne hots 4u Healtnt, a

[KaUj poet e [teal Õ] digmtt, tom n ¥Ç gertt n^"1*

"ÒÈll

- mgmte, com tn iam^i getii p Vena i Vine k motet owsq kj

genti, & ce p le Tresot qe il pÕcW 4t jwa^ seienunnt s' lestat le Roi k 4e la com* -1 Roi - - '

**ftant muii" c,Ô]

boneÔ "¥'¥mm, mttUm * **,

com autres, c ae a e 83 co>ine, l c

|ju R¡' a luy 8t , Ki L . ^ """ ÔotHBot,: rcÔ & 'wemene de Ç ÈÇÇ,

ma8e * dnere, de lcstJt

ilC au de luy & dc l

lordentment de, ordenours & J ^

hardement as megeÈurs de pis ,

J** GÒe- - coman

homage ; Et feloneseme f * C¡T¡neÕ k '**>Ç fait les k , ' faustmª. itreiteomo-,

Ro'. & deshentejon de I, corone k , A? ^..nmuia de, manen:

^ alÇ f>Ç, lent, noble Rapwk|a P Çl' agard Unotdit Pierres fonjum k j.* Çvoleitqe nre seign' le Roi son t, forijonstaac x

e Realmc & du Roi it de luy mesmo Print,C^, Baront autrrfoitz estoit agatde dc mesme Icfe,. & voida, & qe son retoumer nestoit umjeipcmci- mes solement p assent dasqunes psonciqe moat, bien se portast apres son retomer a era k mu-. ote certeimment est tiore son maJ port, percrij*!' les g*ntz malveistez suÈiitz & p' pliuours asttesqcpK arenir a nre seign' Is Roi & a son poeple, < pÕkn nurrir entre le Roi e ses gentz, et malt: 4 manen cordez & pilz eschuire; Nous ordenoms (*) p sets 4t comission nre Seign' le Roi a nous grantee qePitmsik vaston com apert enemi le Roi 4 de son pope an enlez auzi bien hors du realme Denglefre, Desac,Dai, k de Gales, cum de tute la Seignuti are seign' it iic bien de la la meer com decea, a toaz jean amt jams tourncr; & qil void le Realme Dengleire, it tuneskis susditz, & tut outrement tut la Seignurie art SopÕHi entre cjr & la feste de touz Seintz pscheia ansir; li donom s port a Dovre en la forme susdite, etrijia lours a passer k a voider. Et si le dit Pierres an :n le Realme Denglefre ou nule part ailotus ea la Segr ire Seign' le Roi outre le dit jour qe done luvestkÇ e de passer com cst susdit, adonq soit bit 4 lqa> enemi du Roi k du Realme k de son poepk. tip* ceaux qe desormes vont contre cost ordeinement a s' due eiil ou la pein qe sensuit, soit lait 4 ffl [qil *] appent, si de ceo soient atteinz.

Auutnt ns ordenoms qe Emery & teat 4 a * paignie de Friscombaud vtegnenta la conte(t.išÕ qe fust ordeine k pubpliee non contresteant It iÈ * sir renduz de denz la q'uzeia 4 b SetÈ , et endemeuws soient mil or-';

iet corps k touz les btens de la compaign*km* combaud qe ponont eitre trovez en k poet It

en

nre

dient avoir preKhein avenir,

RJ. Orl

> roial Èroiale i gentz en ) r it larons MS.btt-

¥ meintient

Mr

1 ttndrt en a

DÕMonl Henri de Beaumont, 12.

DÕ la Dame de Vescy. 13.

DÕ acq1- tances en lescheqier. U-

D' plez tenir en lescheqier. JS-

et qe tutes le, ?res le dit Emery soient seisies en la meyn le Roi ou qil soient en le dit poer le Roi. Et si le dit Et3y >>e È'egne de denz le j¡ur ass'gne> P* t*0 qe P luT est lordenement susdit enfreint, Sc pr sa sustrete il rend sol me,mes coupable Sc suspefte; No* ordenoms qe il soit banny hors del poer le Roi, Sc de cele houre en avant soit tenuz a enemy, et de luy soit fet com del enemy du Roi Sc du Realme, si nule part soit trovez en le poer le Roi auzi bien dela com decea.

Auxint p' ceo qe mon sire Henri de Beaumont ad pris de nre Seign' le Roi au damage 8c deshonure du Roi puis le temps del ordeinement des oideinours a quel le Roi se agrea, le Realme de Man, 8c autres ?res, rentes, franchises, Sc Bail- lies, 8c peure a doner as autres Pres 8c tenement franchises 8c Baillies contre cel ordeinement, et p' ceo qil ad malcon- seile le Roi, encontre son 3ment; Noš ordenoms qe il soit hoste du conseil le Roi pr touz jours, et qe pres du Roi mes ne veigne, nulle part, sil ne soit a coe somonce de plement ou en guerre si le Roi le voet avoir, si il ne soit p coe assent del Ercevesq,, Evesqs, Countes, 8c Barons 8c ceo en plein parleraent; Et tuttes les autres Pres qil tient denz le Realme DenglePre soient pris en la maine le Roi DenglePre, 8c tenues tant qe le Roi eit resceu des issues de celes Pres la value de touz les esplez, qe le dit sir Henri ad pris des Pres resceues contre le dit ordeinement, et si le dit Sire Henri veigne en nul point contre cestes ordenances soit desheritz pr toutz jours de tuttes les temts qil ad en Englcpre du doun le Roi.

Pur ceo qe trove est p examincment des Prelatz, Countes,

& Barons qe la Dame de Vescy ad peure le Roi a doner a Sire Henri de Beaumont, son frer c as autres, terres, fr*nchises & [baillifs *] a damage 8c deshon' du Roi 8c apert desheriteson de la corone, et auxint peure de maunder hors lettres [de 1 ] la Targe contre lei 8c lentencion du Roi; N9 ordenoms qel aille a sa meson, 8c ceo dedetiz la qÕnzein de la Seint Michel [Js- chein avenir, saunz james retoumer a la Court p' demoer faire j et qe pur tuttes cestes choses avantdites, et p' ceo qe horn entent qe le chastel de Bamburgh est de la corone, Nous ordenoms auxint qe cel chastel soit repris de luy en la mayn le Roi, et qe mes [nen >] soit bailie a luy ne a autre forsqe a la volunte le Roi.

Et pur ceo qe le poeple se sent mult grevez p diverses dettes qe lour sunt demandeez a loeps le Roi p somonce del Escheqer, les queux dettes sont paiecz, dont les gentz ont di- verses acquitances, les uns p tailes 8c p brefs, 8c les uns p diPses frÕnchises qe leur sont g'ntees p faitz de Rois qe sont alowables; Nous ordenoms qe desormes sur la conte de ches- qun viscont et dautres ministres le Roi, qe acounte deivent rendre al Escheqer soient tieux mancres des tailes brefs 8c fr'nchises alouwes qe alouables sont s' laconte, si les dites ac.quitances soient demostrees a la Court, issint qe mes ne cor- gent en demande p defaute de alouance. Et si le Tresorer 8c les barons del Escheqer ne le facent en la forme avantdite, eient les pleintifs lour recoverir p peticions en plement.

Pur ceo qe comuns Marchantz e autres plusours du poeple sont receux de pleder al Escheqer pies de dettes, et de trespas, p la reson qe il sont avowez p les ministTes de la dite place, plus avant qe estre ne dePoint, dont les acontes e les autres choses tochauntes le Roi, sont le plus delaiez, 8c ovesq ceo multz des gentz del poeple grevez ; Nous ordenoms qe desormes ne soient tenuz plez en la ditc place del Escheqer, forsqe les plees tochantz le Roi e 3CS ministres qe sont re- sponables en lescheqer, p la reson de lour offices, et les mi.nistres de mesme la place, 8c lour mesnegs 8c lour Pvantz qe touz le plus sont demorant oveq eus en les lieux ou le Esche.qer demorert; et si nul soit resceu par avowri de la dite place de pleder en le dit Escheqer encontre la forme susdite, eient les enpledez lour rcoverir en plement.

1 baillies Rot. Ord. ' desouz Rot. Ord. 3 ne Rot. Ord.

and that all the Lands of the said Emery be seised into the hand of the King, wheresoever they be in the power of the King.

And if the said Emery doth not come within the day assigned, forasmuch as the aforesaid Ordinance is by him broken, and by his withdrawing himself he maketh himself culpable anil suspected ; We do ordain, that he be banished out of the power of ihe King, and from that time forward he be holdeu as an Enemy, and of him it shall be done as of an Enemy of the King and of the Realm, if he be found any where in the power of the King, as well beyond Sea, as on this side.

ALSO Forasmuch as Sir Henry de Beaumont hath XXII. taken of our Lord the King, to the Damage and Destruction Concerning of the King, since the time of the Ordinance of the Or- dainours to which the King agreed, the Realm of Man, and other Lands, Rents, Franchises, and Bailiwicks, and hath procured to be given to others Lands and Tenements,

Franchises and Bailiwicks contrary to that Ordinance, and for that because he hath evil counselled the King contrary to his Oath; We do ordain that he be put out of the King's Counsel fer ever, and that he do never, in any place, come near the King, unless it be at the common Summons of the Parliament, or in War if the King willeth to have him, unless it be by common Assent of the Archbishops, Bishops,

Earls, and Barons, and that in full Parliament, and all other Lands which he holdeth within the Realm of England, shall be taken into the hand of the King of England, and holden until the King hath received of the Issues of those I.ands the Value of all the Esplees which the said Sir Henry hath taken of the Lands received contrary to the said Ordinance. And if the aforesaid Sir Henry do in any point contravene these Ordinances, he shall be disherited fot ever of all the Lands which he hath in England of the Gift of the King.

FORASMUCH as it is found by the Enquiry of the Prc- XXIII. latcs, Earls, and Barons, that the Lady de Vescy hath pro- Concerning cured the King to give to Sir Henry de Beaumont her Brother, de

and to others, Lands, Franchises, and Bailiwicks, to the da- ÕÕ mage and dishonour of the King, and open disherison of the Crown, and also procured to be sent out Letters under die Privy Seal against the Law and the Intent of the King,

We do ordain, that she go to her house, and that within the Quinzime of St. Michael next coming, without ever return.ing to the Court to make stay ; And that for all the Things aforesaid, and because tiiat it is understood that the Castle of Bamburgh belongeth to the Crown, We do also ordain that the said Castle be retaken from her into the KingÕs hand, and that it be not delivered to her nor to any other, except at the King's Pleasure.

AND Forasmuch as the People do feel themselves much XXIV. aggrieved by divers Debts which are demanded of them to Of Acquit- the KingÕs use by Summons of the Exchequer, the which Ònc^*ln Debts are paid, whereof the People have divers Acquittances, some by Tallies and Writs, and others by divers Franchises which were granted to them by Deeds of Kings, which are allowable ., We do ordain, that from henceforth upon the Account of every Sheriff, and of other Ministers of the King, who ought to render account at the Exchequer, such manner of Tallies, Writs, and Franchises be allowed, which are al.lowable upon the Account, if the said Acquittances be shewn to the Court, so that they do not run in demand by default of Allowance ; and if the Treasurer and Barons of the Ex.chequer do not perform this in manner aforesaid, the Plaintiffs shall have their recovery by Petitions in Parliament.

FORASMUCH as common Merchants and many other of XXV the People are received to plead in the Exchequer Pleas of of holding Debt and Trespass, by reason that they are acknowledged Pleas m the by the Ministers of the said Court more readily than they Exchequer, ought to be, whereby the Accounts and other things touching the King are the more delayed, and besides that many of the People are aggrieved ; We do ordain, that from henceforth Pleas shall not be holden in the said Court of the Exchequer, except Pleas touching the King and his Ministers, who are answerable in the Exchequer by reason of tlicir Offices; and the Officers of the same Court, and their Attendants and Ser.vants, who chiefly are abiding with them in the Places where the Exchequer abides; And if any be teceived by the ac.knowledgement of the said Court to plead in the said Exche.quer in the form aforesaid, the Parties impleaded shall have their recovery in Parliament.


XXVI. Of holding Pleas in the Marihalsea.

XXVII.

Of perform.ing the Office of Coroner within the Verge.

XXVIII.

Of Charters of the KingÕs Peace.

LIKEWISE, Forasmuch as the People do feel themselves much aggrieved that the Stewards and Marshals hold many Pleas which do not belong to their Office, and also in this that they will not receive Attornies as well for the Defen.dants as for the Plaintiffs, We do ordain, that from henceforth they receive Attornies as well for the Defendants as for the Plaintiffs, and that they do not hold Plea of Freehold nor of Debt, nor of Covenant, nor of Contrail, nor any common Plea concerning the common People, but only of Trespass of those of the Household, and of other Trespasses done within the Verge, and of Contrails and of Covenants which any one of the KingÕs Household shall have made with others of the same Household, and in the same Household, and no where else ; And that they plead no Plea of Trespass other than that which may be attached by them, before that the King go out of the Verge where the Trespass shall be done, and shall plead them speedily from day to day, so that th'y be pleaded through and determined, before that the King go out of the Limits of that Verge where the Trespass was done ; And if perchance they cannot be determined within the Limits of that Verge, such Pleas shall cease before the Steward, and the Plaintiffs shall sue by the common Law. Nor from henceforth shall the Steward take cognizance of Debts, nor of other things, except of Persons of the House.hold aforesaid, and against Persons of the Household afore.said, nor shall hold none other Plea by Obligation made at the Distress of the Steward and of the Marshals; Nor shall any otie of the Household, nor any who follow the Household, be put in Inquest before them, excepting where the Plaintiff and Defendant be of the same Household, and of Deeds done in the same Household; And if the Steward and Marshals do any thing against this Ordinance, their Deed shall be holden for none ; and they who feel themselves ag.grieved against the said Ordinance, shall have a Writ in Chancery pleadable in the KingÕs Bench, and shall recover their Damages against those who hold the Plea, and who have drawn them into Plea, by the discretion of the Justices, having regard to their Purchase, Costs, Grievances, and Losses, according to the quantity of the Trespass, and they shall never be in the Service of the King.

AND Forasmuch a3 heretofore many Felonies done within the Verge have been unpunished, because that the Coroners of the Country have not been authorised to enquire of such manner of Felonies done within the Verge, but the Coroner of the KingÕs Household, by reason whereof there hath been no Trial made in due manner, nor the Felons put in Exigent, nor outlawed, nor any thing of such Felony presented in Eyre, which is to the great Damage of the King, and the less secure maintenance of his Peace; We do ordain, that from hence.forth in case of Homicide, whereof the CoronerÕs Office is to make View and Inquest, it shall be commanded to the Co.roner of the Country or of the Franchises where the dead Persons shall be found, that he together with the Coroner of the Household do execute the Office which thereunto per- taineth, and shall enter it in his Roll; And of that which cannot be determined before the Steward, because that the Felons cannot be attached or found, or for any other reason, the process shall remain at the common Law, so that the Exigents, and the Outlawries and the Presentments made thereof be shewed in Eyre by the Coroner of the Country, as well as of other Felonies done out of the Verge ; Neverthe.less they shall not omit, by reason hereof, to make Attachments freshly upon the Felonies done ; if they can be found.

FORASMUCH as the People do feel themselves much aggrieved in this, that Persons are emboldened to kill and rob others, because that the King by evil advice giveth so lightly his Peace against the form of Law ; We do ordain, that no Felon nor Fugitive be from henceforth prote&ed or defended from any manner of Felony, by the KingÕs Charter of his Peace granted to him, unless in a case where the King can give grace according to his Oath, and that by Process of Law and the Custom of the Realm, and if any Charter be from hence.forth granted and made in any other manner to any one, it shall avail nothing, and be holden for none: And that no open evil doer against the Crown and the Peace of the Land, be by any one aided or maintained.

Ensement pur ceo qe le poeple se sent multz grevez qe jy ^ senechaux 8c marchaux tenent multz des pleez qe a lour office Wt n ne appendent, & auxi de ceo qe eus ne voillent receiver attor- ^lraÔ nez auxi bien pur les defendanz cum p' les pleintifs, Nous a6. ordenoms qe desormes resceivent attomez auxi bien p' lej defendanz cum pur les pleintifs; Et qil ne tiegnent pleez de frÕnk tenement ne de dette ne de covenant, ne de contraQ, ne nul comun plai des gentz du poeple, fors tantsoulement des trespas del hostel [mesmes,1] et [des*] autres trespas faitz dedenz la verge 8c de contraSz 8c covenantes qe asquns del hostel le Roi avera fait a autre de mesmes lostel, e en mesme lostel, et nemie aillours; et qe nul plai de trespas ne pledent autre qe ne soit attache p eus avant qe le Roi isse hors de la verge ou le trespas Ira fait, 8c les pledrent hastivement de jour en jour, issint qil soient ppledez 8c Pminez avant ceo qe le Roi isse hors de les bondes de cele verge ou le trespas fust fait; et si p cas dedenz les bondes de cel verge ne poent estre Pminez, cessent tieux plaiez devant le Seneschal, et ceo p'chasent les pleintifs p la comune Lei. Ne desormes ne preigne le Seneschal conisances des dettes ne dautres choses, fors qe des gentz del hostel avantdit, et encontre gentz del hostel avantdit, ne nul autre plai ne tenent p obli- gacion faite a la destresse du Seneschal 8c dcs marechaux:

Ne qe nul del hostel ne q suient le hostel ne soient mys en enquest devant eux, fors qe la ou le pleintif e le defendant sont du dit hostel, 8c des faitz fetz en mesme lostel; et si le Seneschal Sc Mareschaux rien facent contre cest ordeinement soit lour fait [nul;3] Et qe ceaux qe se senteront grevez contre la dite ordinance eient bref en chancelerie pledable en bank le Roi, et recoverent lour damages vers eux qi tiegnent le plai, 8c qe les unt trait en plai p descrecion des Justic eantz regard a lur p'chaz custages grevances 8c ptes solom la q'ntite du trespas, et mes ne soient en '3vise le Roi.

Et pÕ ceo qe avant ces houres multz des felonies faites DÕolct

dedenz la verge unt este despuniez pr ceo qe les coroniers du *w7r

, faire dcuiz

pais ne se sont pas entremis denquer de tieux maners des fe- jaJgC. lonies dedenz la verge, mes le coroner del hostel le Roi, de ty quoi issue nad mie este fait en due manere, ne les felons mis en exigendes, ne utlagcz ne rien de tieu felonie psente en Eyre qe est au gr*nt damage le Roi et a meins bon garde de sa pees ; Nous ordenoms qe desormes en cas de mort de horn, ou office de coroner apent a les veues des corps mortes 8c as enquestes de ceo faire, soient mandez les coroners des pais ou des fr*nchises p la ou les mortz sront trovez, qe assemble- ment ove le coroner del hostel face le office qe apent 8c le mette en son Roele ; & ceo qe ne purra mie devant le Senes- chaux estre Pminez p ceo qe les felons ne purront estre at- tachez ne trovez ou p autre encheson, demoerge le processc a la comune lei, issint qe les exigendes e les utlagaries 8c les psentementz de ceo faitz soient mustrez en Eyre p le Coroner du pais auxint cum des autres felonies faites dehors la verge; mes pr ceo ne soit lesse qe les attachementz ne soient faitz frechementes sÕ les felonies faites sil puissent estre trovez.

Purceo qe le poeple se sent multz grevez de ceo qe Deles gentz sont esbaudes de tueir les gentz 8c robber p tant qe le Roi p malveis conseil leur donne si legerement sa pees contre ptts- la forme de lei; Nous ordenoms qe nul felon ne futif ne soit J8. covert ne defendu desormes de nul maner de felonie, p la chartre le Roi de sa pees a luy g*ntes, nen autre maner si non en cas ou le Roi poet faire g*ce solom son 3ment, e ceo p pees de ley, et la custume du Realme, et si nule chartre soit deshore en avant g*ntee, e faite en autre maner a nuli, rien ne vaile, et pur nule soit tenu; 8c qe nul apert meffesour encontre la corone et la pees de la Pre p nuli soit eydez ne meyntenuz.

1 Rot. Ord. omits.

3 tenuz pur nul ; Rot. Ord.


ÕÕc- 26Ñ28.

Ejuement put ceo qe k potpV it it# ^ ^ tenechaux k mitcW Wiern mh. D1

ne appendent.k mi de ceo qc wsTOwSbmj,.. net tali bien put \eÈ Arftudini cum y y, 19-

oidenoms qe desormes ittcnttm ittontiai^. dcfendanz cum put \et pic'mtds-, ttqd ft'nV tenement ne de dctte ne de coram,*^ ne nul cotnun phi des jenti du poepie, iš ^ deÈ tietpis del ltostel \mesracs,'} et [ia'\ anc^. dedent 1* verge k de contn&i kcmcwmij:^, hostel \e Rot wen to Ènitre dt Ñ

Ñ

. -tqenulplnittwp,,,,

autre qe ne soit attache p tut aunt qt

verge ou le treipai tra fait, k Its

DÕleschange de moneie. 30.

"Ò'r leu,

rjÓ; Ò*Õ>*Ç w.'tr

.......2**S D-È.

ch¡**, fors qe des gentI ^ **¥Ç*.

?wtz del hostel ataãtdlt, ncnu] ^!ÇÈ

".*"1* tau.i*. **¥*

Òquest derant eur, for,~ h . K Qe lei *

Sont du dit hoitel hi . ' Ò£ ne soit

hostel, & dã fait2fniai delate p

Seneschal 3t Mareschaui rim f du

Ôl1ÕÒ1. J Etqeceau,^^ 3a.

^.teord,nance eientbre/endMcetephT

Rouetrecovetemlourd^^^ ^ plui. k qe les unt Ç*Ç*,*ã** regard a lur p'chaa outage, grevance, kpmin de mar- Ò du trespas, Ç me, ne soient en 2,Ç le id. chamz- Et p- ceo qe aram cm hours nub it km, 33' dedenz la verge un, este despuiiiez p ceo piano; paw ne se sent pas entremis denquerdeanKa,, lonte, dedenz la verge, me, le corooer delkedih, quoi issue nad mie este fait en due manere, st nfoi en exigendes, ne utlagez ne rien de tin fd*p.

Epre qe est au gr*nt damage le Roi et 1 ndai lap; sa pees; Nous ordenoms qe desormes en cud wilt ou office de coroner apent a le reue des op mi as enquestes de ceo faire, soient mander b ctraaiii ou des franchises p la ou le, morta sront trovez, pm ment ore le coroner del hostel lice le officeqeyalt mettc eu son Roele; Jc ceo qe ne purrs nit dials chaui estie rminez p ceo qe lo felons nt punxsi tachez ne trovez ou p autre encheson, demoergt Its, a la comune lei, issint qe les exigendes e le, adapait psentementz de ceo faitz meat musntz o£nt(itÈ du pait auzinr cum des autres felonies fairei deb, if mes p' ceo ne soit Jesse qe les attachment xati frechementes s' les felonies faites sil puiÈentesotÈc

Purceo qe le poeple se sent multz pno *91 D' gentz gentz sont esbaudes de tueir les gens irntorp1 Roi p malveis conseil leur donne si legerctnen; a pef mainpÔse. la forme de lei; Nous ordenoms qe nul fb * U" 34-

covert ne defendu desormes de nul mana * * chartre le Roi de sa pees a lujptus, *È ** non en cas ou le Roi poet faire g*ce È1Ç ***'' p pees de leg, et la custurae du Realm, aÇ** soit deshore en avant g'ntet, e Elite o aš rien ne vaile, et pur nule son tenu i i <f f ^ encontre la corone et la peesde la fre p nb-' ¥*

megntenuz.

'¥ * Ret. Ord. omits.

> tenuz pur nul; Rut. Ord

Pur ceo qe multz des gentz uont delaiez en la Court le Roi de lour demande p tant qe la ptie aleggc qe les demandans ne deivent estre respondeuz sanz le Roi, Sc auxint mulz des genz grevez p les ministres le Roi encontre dreiture des quels grevances hom ne purra avoir recoverir sanz comun plement 5 Nous ordenoms qe le Roi tiegne plement une foitz p an ou deux foiz, si mestre soit, et ceo en lieu covenablc, et qe en mesmes les plementz soient les pleez qe sont en la dite forme delaiez, et les pleez ou le3 Justic sont en divers op- pinions recordeez Sc Vmincz; et en mesme la manere soient les billes Pmineez qe livereez 2ront en plement si avant com lei et reson le demande.

Pur ceo qe a totes les foiz qe eschange de nionee se fet en Realme tut le poeple est g'ntement grevez en multz des maners; Nous ordenoms qe q'nt mestre 3ra Sc qÔnt le Roi voille eschange faire, qe il le face p comun conseil de son Barnage Sc ceo en plement.

Ensement nous ordenoms qe tous les estatutes qe sont faitz en amendement de la lei Sc au pfist du poeple p les an- cestres nre Seign' le Roi soient gardez 8c meintenuz si avant com estre deivent p lei 8c reson, issint qe eux ne soient pas conttaires a la gÔnt chartre ne a la chartre de la forest, ne en.contre les ordeinementz p nous faitz, Sc si nul estatut soit fait encontre la forme susdite soit tenuz pr nul, Sc tut outre- ment defait.

Purceo qe la lei de la terre et comun droit unt este sovent delaiez p lettres issues desoutz le p've seal le Roi, au g*nt grevance du poeple; Nous ordenoms qe desormes la ley de la fre ne comun droit ne soient delaiez ne desturbeez p let.tres du dit seal, et si rien soit fait en nule des places de la Court nre seignr le Roi ou aillours p tiels lettres issues de- sutz le p've Seal, encontre dreiture ou lei de terre, rien ne vaille ne pr nient soit tenuz.

Pur ceo qe multz des gentz de poeple autres qe marchantz conuz se sentent mult grevez e reintez p lestatut des Mar- chanz fait a Adton Burnel, Nous ordenoms qe (.) cel estatut ne se teigne mes fors qe entre [Marchaux et Marchaux,5] et des marchandises entre eux faitas, et qe la reconisance se face si come est contenuz en le dit estatut, et p tesmoignanz des qÕtres pdeshoms et leaux conuz et qe lour nons soient entiez en la reconisanz pr tesmoigner le fait; Et qc a null soient autres ?res liverez a tenir en noun de fr*nk tenement p la vertu del dit estatut, forsp's Burgages des Marchanz e lour chateux moebles, et ceo fait a entendre entre marchanz ct marchanz, conuz marchanz. Estre ceo Nous ordenoms qe le Seals le Roi qe sont assignez p( tesmoigner les dices coni- sances soient bail lees a plus riches et plus sages des villes souzdites a cele garde esleuz p les comunaltez de mesmes les viles, cest asavoir, a Noef chastel sur Tyne, a Everwik 8c Notingh'm pur les contiez de la Trente, et les Marchantz ilokes venantz Sc demoerantz. A Excestre, Bristcut, Sc SuthÕmpton pr les Marchantz venantz 8c demorrantz en les parties del Suth Sc del West; a Nichot et NorthÕmton pur les Marchantz venantz et demorrantz ilokes; a Loundres 8c a Cantrebir pr les Marchantz, venantz Sc demorrantz en cels pties; a Salop pur les Marchantz venantz 8c demorrantz en cels parties; a Norwiz pur les Marchantz venantz Sc demor.rantz en cels pties. Et les reconisances p aillours faites qe en les ditz villes tiegnent nul leu desormes.

Purceo qe multz des prisons devienent appellours pur lour vies esloigner et par diverscs grevances et peins qe viscontes et Gaolers leur fount, en qi garde il sont, et les enforment dappeler les plus riches du pais, et gent de bone fame les queux il fount attacher et mettre en vile et dure p'sone, et pnent greve ranscon de eux des quels toltes et prises nul avantage ne accrest au Roi, Nous ordenoms qe desormes qe ceaux qi sont de bone fame appellez de appellours qe de droit [ne>] dcussent avoir nule voice, ne soient mis en prison, par quei qil puissent trover bone mainprise destre en la pscheine deliveraunce de Gaole dester a la lei, et eus acquiter de la

1 desoremes Rot. Ord.

* marchauntz 8c marchauntz Rot. Ord.

1 Rot. Ord. omits.

FORASMUCH as many Persons are delayed in the King's XXIX. Court of their Demands, because that the Party alledgeth, that the Demandants ought not to be answered without the lnnu4Uy. King, and also many People be aggrieved by the KingÕs Mini.sters against Right, in respedt of which Grievances no one can recover without a common Parliament ; We do ordain, that the King shall hold a Parliament once in the year, or twice, if need be, and that in a convenient Place -. And that in the same Parliaments, the Pleas, which are in the aforesaid form de.layed, and the Pleas whereon the Justices are of divers Opi.nions, shall be recorded and determined. And, in like man.ner the Bills shall be finished which are delivered in Parlia.ment, in such sort as Law and Reason demand.

FORASMUCH as at all times when an Exchange of Mo.ney is made in the Realm, the People are greatly aggrieved in many manners; We do ordain, that when need be, and the King willeth to make an Exchange, that he do it by the com.mon Counsel of his Baronage, and that in Parliament.

LIKEWISE We do ordain, that all the Statutes which have been made in Amendment of the Law, and to the Profit of Of the the People by the Ancestors of our Lord the King, be kept keeping all and maintained in such sort as they ought to be by Law and Sulutc*' Reason, so that they be not contrary to the Great Charter, nor the Charter of the Forest, nor against the Ordinances by us made. And if any Statute be made against the form afore.said, it shall be liolden for none and altogether made void.

XXX Of the Exchange of Money.

XXXI.

FORASMUCH as the Law of the Land and common Right XXXII.

are often delayed, by Letters issued under the KingÕs Privy That the

Seal, to the great grievance of the People, We do ordain, that ,*<e

, , , . , T r , r , , , , Land be not

trom henceforth the Law of the Land and common Right be deiaye(] by

not delayed nor disturbed by Letters of the said Seal; And if Letters of

any thing be done in any of the Places of the Court of our Lord

the King, or elsewhere, by such Letters issued under the Privy

Seal against Right or the Law of the Land, it shall avail

nothing, and be holden for none.

FORASMUCH as many Persons, other than known Mer- XXXIII. chants, do feel themselves much aggrieved and fined by the ^

Statute of Merchants made at A&on Burnell; We do ordain, Merchants that henceforth that Statute shall not hold except between Mer.chants and Merchants, and of Merchandizes made between them, and that the Recognizance be made like as is contained in the said Statute, and by the testimony of four good and lawful Men, who are known, and that their names be entered in the Recognizance to testify the faff, and that to no one shall other Lands be delivered, to hold in the name of Frank Tenement by virtue of the said Statute, except the Burgages of Merchants and their moveable Chatties, and that is to be understood between Merchants and Merchants, known Mer.chants. Moreover We do ordain, that the Seals of the King which be assigned to testify the said Recognizances be deli.vered to the most rich and the most sage, in the undermen.tioned Towns, chosen to such custody by the Commonaltiei of the same Towns; that is to say, at Newcastle upon Tvne,

York, and Nottingham, for the Counties beyond Trent, and the Merchants there coming ar.d abiding; at Exeter, Bristol, and Southampton for the Merchants coming to and abiding in Parts of the South and West; at Lincoln and Northampton, for Merchants there coming and abiding; at London and at Canterbury, for the Merchants coming to and abiding in those Parts; at Shrewsbury, for the Merchants coming to and abiding in those Parts; at Norwich, for the Merchants coming to and abiding in those Parts. And Recognizances made elsewhere than in the said Towns, shall not hold place from henceforth.

FORASMUCH as many Prisoners do become Approvers for the saving of their Lives, and by means of divers Oppres.sions and Pains which Sheriffs and Gaolers, in whose custody they are, do cause to them, and set them on to approve the most rich Persons of the Country, and those of good fame, whom they cause to be attached, and to be put into vile and hard imprisonment, and take grievous ransom of them, from which Imposts and Takings no advantage doth accrue to the King, We do ordain, that from hcncefortlt they who are of good fame being approved by Approvers, who of right ought not to have any voice, shall not be put into Prison, in case they can find good mainprise, to be at the next Gaol Delivery to abide the Law, and to acquit them of the charge according to the

XXXIV. Of letting to Mainprise Persons appealed.

VOL. I.

U u


L

XXXV. Of Persons outlawed in Foreign Countries.

XXXVI. Of abating Appeals.

XXXVII. Of deceit by means of Protections.

Usage of the Realm, without taking any thing from them for being let to mainprize. And that at all times when the Gaol- Delivery is delayed by the absence of the Justices, or on other occasion, they shall be left by the said Mainprize, or by other sufficient Security, until the coming of the said Justices in the form aforesaid. Likewise, We do ordain, that they who become Approvers shall not be heard to approve any Man later than three Days next after the time when they become Approvers.

LIKEWISE, Forasmuch as many Persons, Terre-Tenants are appealed, through malice, of divers Felonies in Counties where they have not Lands or Tenements, and by malicious Suit are outlawed, to the loss of their Lives and the disherison of them and of their Heirs; We do ordain, that from hence.forth no Man outlawed by such malicious Suit in the County where he hath not Lands or Tenements, shall be put to death, or disherited, in case that they who by such Suit are out.lawed, do render themselves to the KingÕs Prison, and can acquit themselves by the Counties in which they were out.lawed of the Felonies and other Trespasses, in respe£l of which they were outlawed, and their Lands shall be restored to them when they are acquitted, if they be in the KingÕs Hand ; and if any other than the King be Tenant of the said Tenements they shall have their Recovery by Writ of Entry formed upon the said case ; And they at whose Suit they were so outlawed shall be taken, and shall abjure the Realm, and if they cannot be found, they shall be put in Exigent and outlawed.

Forasmuch as many Persons, by false testimonies of Sheriffs, testifying that they cannot be found, and have not Lands or Tenements by which they can be distrained in their Baili.wicks, albeit they have in other Counties Lands and Tene.ments, are thereby put in Exigent in Counties where they have not Lands or Tenements, and perchance outlawed, in peril of their Lives, and in disherison of them and of their Heirs, if they be outlawed for Felonies; wherefore We do ordain, that Persons outlawed in such manner shall not be put to death, nor disherited of their Lands, in case they render themselves to the KingÕs Prison, and can acquit them.selves by the Counties in which they were so outlawed, that they be not guilty of the Felonies nor of the Trespasses laid to their charge, and they shall have recovery of their Lands and their Damages in form aforesaid.

LIKEWISE, Forasmuch as many Persons are the more em.boldened to kill and rob People, by reason that Appeals pursued in the Court of our Lord the King are abated for too slight causes, and the Appellors taken and imprisoned and ransomed at the King's will, and those appealed at the KingÕs Suit more lightly acquired than they would be if the Appeals were not abated ; We do ordain, that from henceforth Appeals of Felonies be not abated, wherever the Appellors make mention in their Appeals of the Day, and the hour, and the place, and with what weapon the death was infli&ed, and of what manner of Goods the Robbery was ; And if the Appellors can acquit themselves of the said Felonies, they shall have their Recovery upon the Abettors and the Appellors, according to that which is contained in the Statute upon the Abettors of false Appeals, if the Appellees be not indided of such Felonies by solemn Inquest.

FORASMUCH as many Persons are delayed of their Suits in the KingÕs Court, by Prote&ions granted to Persons who pretend to go into the King's Service, and do so only to delay the Suit of the Plaintiff, as well in Plea of Land as in Plea of Debt, and of Trespass; to restrain such malice also, We do ordain, that if the Tenant in Plea of Land do use the Protec.tion of our Lord the King after appearance, and the Deman.dant can aver that the Tenant was not in the King's Service the Day that the parol did demur without Day by reason of the Protedion, the absence of the Tenant shall be turned into a default; And if the Tenant use his Protedion before Ap.pearance, it shall be lawful for the Demandant, if it be pro.fitable to him to take a Writ in the Chancery upon the Tenant, to aver that he was not in the KingÕs Service the Day that the Suit was delayed by the Proiedion, and if the Tenant be con- vid thereof, there shall be awarded to the Demandant his Damages by the Discretion of the Justices, regard being had to his Purchase, Costs, Charges, and Losses, and the Tenant shall be adjudged to Prison for the Deceit done to the King

fame solom lusage du Realme, sanz rien prendre [de eus1 ] destre a mainpris. Et qe a tuttes les foitz qe deliverance de Gaole se delai p absence des Justic ou p autre encheson soient lessez par la dite mainprise, ou par autre suffisante jesij a la venue des ditz Justic, en la forme susdite. Ensement nous ordenoms q ceaux (*) deviegnent appellours qe eux ne soient oiz de nul horn appeller plu longs qe treis jourt les plus pscheins apres le temps qil deveignent appellours.

Ensement purceo qe multz des gentz terre tenantz sunt D'gctitt appellez p malice de diverses felonies en les Countez ou il utlagez en ne unt ftres ne tenementz & p malisiouse suite sont utlagez, f¡rcÒM ptit en perte de lour vies et en disheritance de eux el de lour ^

heirs, Nous ordenoms qe desormes nul horn p tiel malisi- ouce suite utlage en Counte, la ou il nad terre ne tenement ne soit mis a la mort, ne desherite, p quei qe ceaux qe p tiel suite sont utlagez se rendent a la p'son le Roi et se puissent acquiter p les Countez en les quels il furent utlagez des felonies et dautres trespas pur les queux i) furent utlagez, et lour terres lour soient renduz qÕnt il sront acquitez sil soient en Ja main le Roi; et si autre qe le Roi soit tenant des ditz tenementz par bref Dentre forme sur le dit cas eient leur recoverir, et ceaux a qi suite il furent issint ut.lage soient pris et forsjurent le Realme, et sil ne soient trovez soient mis en exigende, et utlagez.

Purceo qe plusours gentz p fals tesmoignans des viicontes tesmoignans qe eux ne sont mie trovez, ne unt Pres ne te- neinenz p unt il purront estre destrentz en leur baillies tut eient il en autre contez du Realme terres & tenementz, et p tant sont mis en exigende en les Countez la ou il ne unt terres ne tenementz, et p cas utlagez en peril de lour vies, en deshe- ritance de eaux, e de lour heirs, sil soient utlagez pur felonies, p quei nous ordenoms qe les gentz en tieu mancr utlagez ne soient mis a la mort, ne de ltur terres desheritez, p quei il se rendent a la p'son le Roi, et se puissent acquiter p les Conteez en les queux il furent issint utlagez, qe eux ne sont pas coupables des felonies ne des trespas, qe leur sont mis sur, et eient recoverir de lour terres, et leur damages en la la forme susdite.

Ensement pr ceo qe multz gentz sont plus esbaud de tuer DÕ appeaux les gentz, et de robber de taunt qe les appeaus p'suis en la abarre. Court nre seign' le Roi sont p trop legeres causes abatuz, et 3^ les appellours pris et enp'sonez, et reintz a la volente le Roi, et les appelez a la suite le Roi plus legerment acquitez qil ne Aroint si les appeals ne fuissent abatuz ; Nous ordenoms qe desormes les appeals des felonies ne soient abatuz del houre qe les appellours font mencione en lour appeals del jour, et de houre, 8t del leu, et de quel arme il fust tuez, ou des queux maner des biens il fust robbe; et si les ap.pellez se peussent acquiter des dites felonies, eient lour reco.verir sr les abettors, et les appellours, solom ceo qe est con- tenu en lestatut ordeine sur les abettours de faux appeaux si les appellez ne soient enditeez des dites felonies p solempne enqueste.

Purceo qe multz des gentz sont delaez de lour suites en Q' deceite la Court le Roi par pteccions g'nteez as gentz, qe se feig- faite p la nent daler en 3vice le Roi, et ne le font mie mes qe pur fteccl0D' delaer la suite le pleintif auxi bien en plai de terre com en phi ^ de dette, et de trespas, et pur tiel malice restreindre, NoÕ ordenoms.qe si le tenant, en plai de terre use la pteccion nre seignur le Roi aps apparance, et le demandant puisse averrer qe le tenant ne fust mie en 'Svice le Roi le jour qe la parole demorra senz jour p la pteccion, soit labsence le tenant tournee en une defaute ; et si le tenant use sa pteccion avant apparance bien list a demandant sil entende son pfit faire de prendre bref en chancelerie sur le tenant de .verrer qe il ne fut mie en le '3 vice le Roi le jour qe sa suite fust de- laiez p la pteccion, et si le tenant de ceo soit atteint, soient agardez al demandant ses damages p descrecion des Justic eantz regard a son p'chaz custages mises et ptes, et soit le tenant jugge a la p'son pur la deceite faite au Roi

' du soen Rot. Ord. ' qi Rot. Ord.


Ji

Ônances,

c.

34^37_

Gi0k Ç dclai DaK

'¥ aoÇ rim

111 "nut Jt^i 'iJT

-ssr^-waSi

ÈPt*ll :nt PUrceo V moltz dÇ ^nCM ^ Ppe11Ó p malice de di

Òe ,0,t ši* È la mort ****** UeJ ,uite Çom

P>ÒÇem acquirer n |f. r ^ 1 h P^È k la-

"ÔÒÒrtcrrcw^n, J 77s

^'ÇlamainleRo 7^^^

7 ^ ÇÇÇÇ*;*££?***

ª¡ qe p]usoim gCM2p(ill,^ ~punÇilpurront tmc hlmaal^

ÇÇaª MU* cent,a dÈ Rate mnut *

unt not mu en exigende en ImCountn k,h,J

Ó tCntment2Õa P CJS Òtlagtz ra peril de louring manct de eaui, e de lour hein, ai loient mlip p quei noui ordenom, qe les pm, en ben oaKi tog, ¥oient mu a la mon, ne de Itur terns Worn.* K rendent a la pÕson le Roi, et ie puasent ape,, Conteez en les queue il fluent mint utfagez, pmu pas coupables dei felonies ne des treipu, pkeÇi lur, et eient recorerir de lout terns, et hr iaÇ!. la forme ruidite.

Ensement pÕ ceo qe multz gent, sont pin erirnditi les gtntz, et de robber de taunt qe les appeanpeet Court nre seign1 le Roi sont p trop legem am iiat: let appellours pris et enp'wnez, et rent, ill ids IL et les appelez a la suite le Roi plus legumes m> ne Aroint si les appeals nefuissent ibitu; Nw m qe desormes les appeals des felonies neiontdai houre qe les appellours font mencioae en Iwigae jour, et de houre, 8c del leu, et de quel MM IM ou des queux maner des biens il fust robbe;etÇbÈ pellez se peussent acquiter des dites felonies, rim Its rerir s' les abettors, et les appellours, solan cs ft* trnu en lestatut ordeine sur les abettoun de kip*1 les appellez ne soient enditec, des elites fdoaies|*te enqueste.

Purceo qe multz des gent, sont delaez de lÇ*; la Court le Roi par pteccions gÕnteez as gam, ft ^ uent daler en fee le Roi, et ne le font uuešf* delaer la suite le pleintif ami bien en pbidetanš:* de dette, et de oeqw, Ç pur rid Çafe Ç** ordenoms. qe si le tenant, en plai de Wit Kbp* seignur le Roi a£ apparana, et k qe le tenant ne fust mie en Sr.ce k RÇ demorra senz jour p la f'ccon, * toumee en une defaute; et si leÇÒ* ^

apparance bien list a demandant de prendre bref en chancelerie sur '

Unefut mieen le3vÇ ^J**mi*

* .,1, ion p'chaz cusWÇ m r.

Justic eantz regard a son p *,1

Dt le tenant jugge 1 I* PÕš00 Pš ^

>qi itM

du soen Ret-Ord.

De la ruDt Chartf 8t la Chartre de la Foreste.

38.

Dement de Ministres.

39-

DÕ Gentz assigner en parlementz.

40.

D1 ces

Ordinaunces

publicr.

41.

e a la Court a demorer un an et un jour, et soit reint a la volunte le Roi} et ai la dite deceite soit atteint en playe de dette ou de trespas, soit le defendant puniz auxi bien devers le pleintif cum devers le Roi, en la forme susdite.

Ensement no9 ordenoms qe la gr*nt Chartre des fran.chises et la chartre de la foreste qe le Roi Henri, fiz le Roi Joh*n fist, soient tenues en touz leur pointz, et qe les poinz qe sont dutifs en les dites chartres des fÔnchises soient [es- clartez Õ] en les pschein plement apres cesti par lavisement del Bamage & des Justices 8c dautres sages gentz de la lei, et ceste chose soit faite pr ceo qe nous navoms mis eu poer de faire le durant nre temps.

Ensement no9 ordenoms qe Chanceler, Tresorer, [chief Chanceler del Escheqer,*] Tresorer de la Garderob, Senes.chal del Hostel le Roi, tutes les Justic, Viscontes, Esche- tours, Conestables, Enquerours a quel chose qc ceo soit, et touz autres Baillifs, e ministres le Roi, soient jurez a tuttes les foitz qil resceivent leur baillies, 8c offices, de garder et tenir totes les ordinances faites p les prelatz, Contes & Barons a ceo esluz 8c assignez, et chesqune deles santz venir contre nul point de eles.

Ensement no9 ordenoms qe en chescun plement soient assignez un Evesqe, deux Countes, e deux Barons de oyr et terminer tutes les pleintes de ceaux qe pleindre se vodront des ministres le Roi, queux qil soient, qi ?ront contrevenuz les ordenaunces susdites; et si les ditz Esvesqe, Countes, 8c Barons ne puissent touz entendre ou soient desturbez de oyer 8c Pmmer les dites pleintes, adonk le facent treis ou deux de ceaux, et ceaux qeDront trovez contrevenuz encon- tre les dites ordenances soient puniz devers le Roi, et devers les pleintifs par la descrecion des ditz assignez.

Ensement no9 ordenoms qe les ordenances susdites soient meintenues et gardieez en totes lour pointz, et qe nre seign' le Roi les face mettre desuth son grant Seal, et envoir en chescun Countee DengleSre a publier, tenir 8c fermement garder, auxi bien dedenz franchises come dehors, et en mesme le maner soit maunde au gardein de cink portz qil pmi tute sa baillie les face publier tenir, 8c garder en la forme avantdite.

[Les queles>] Ordinances a nous mustreez, et le Lundi psehein devant la feste de seint Michel drein passe publieez, agreoms, acceptoms 8c affermoms j et voloms et gr*ntoms pour nous, et pur nos heires, qe tutes les dites Ordinances et chesqun deles faites solom la forme dÇ noz lettres avant- dites soient publiees par tute nre Realme, et desormes fer.mement gardeez, et tenues. En testmoignance des queux choses, nous avoms fait faire cestes nos lettres patentes. Doneez a Loundrcs le quint jour de Odobre Ian de nostre regne q'nt. (È)

1 esclareziz Rot.Ord: dcsclarez MS.Cot. 1: esclartiz MS.Col. 2.

* Chiefs Justices de lun Baunk & de lautre, Chauncellier de leschequier, Rot. Ord: MS. Colt. 2. Chief Baroun del Escheker MS. Colt. I. J Nous meismes celes Rot. Ord.

(¥) Predce Ordinationes publicate fuerunt in Cimiterio apd Sent Paulum London, p dnm Simonem Epm Sap autÕte 8c mandato spall veflabit pris dni Uobti Cantuar Archiepi; vÔ¡ kalend Odobr anno dni mittio CCC. undecimo, Regni vero Regis Edwardi filii Regis Edward Quinto. Rot. Cant.

and to the Court, to abide one year and a day, and he shall be ranaomed at the KingÕs Pleasure: And if the said Deceit be proved in a Plea of Debt or of Treapas., the Defendant shall be punished as well in resped of the Plaintiff as in respea of the King, in the form above mentioned.

LIKEWISE We do ordain, That the Great Charter of Fran.chises, and the Charter of the Forest which King Henry the Son of King John made, be holden in all their points, and that the Points which are doubtful in the said Charters of Franchises be explained, in the next Parliament after this, by the advice of the Baronage, and of the Justices, and of other sage Persons of the Law. And this thing shall be done, be.cause that we have It not in our power to do the same during our time.

LIKEWISE We do ordain, that the Chancellor, Treasurer, Chief Justices of the one Bench and of the other, the Chan.cellor of the Exchequer, the Treasurer of the Wardrobe, the Steward of the KingÕs Houshold, all the Justices, the Sheriffs, Escheators, Constables, Inquirers for any matter whatever, and all other the KingÕs Bailiffs and Ministers, shall be sworn at all times that they receive their Bailiwicks and Offices, to observe and keep all the Ordinances made by the Prelates, Earls, and Barons thereunto chosen,and assigned, and every of them, without contravening them in any point.

LIKEWISE We do ordain, that in every Parliament one Bishop, two Earls, and two Barons be assigned to hear and determine all the Plaints of those who will complain of the Officers of the King, whosoever they be, who shall have con.travened the above mentioned Ordinances; And if the said Bi.shop, Earls, and Barons cannot all attend, or shall be hindered from hearing and determining the said Plaints, then three or two of them shall so do ; and they who shall be found to have contravened the said Ordinances, shall be punished in resped of the King and in resped of the Plaintiffs, by the discretion of the said Persons assigned.

LIKEWISE We do ordain, that the Ordinances aforesaid be maintained and kept in all their points, and that our Lord the King do cause them to be put under his Great Seal, and sent into every County of England, to be published, holden, and firmly kept, as well within Franchises as without; And in like manner it shall be commanded to the Warden of the Cinque Ports, that throughout his whole Bailiwick he do cause the same to be published, holden, and kept in manner aforesaid.

The which Ordinances toUs shewn and published the Monday before the Feast of St. Michael last past, We do agree to, accept, and affirm ; and We do will and grant for Us and our Heirs, that all the said Ordinances and every of them, made according to the Form of our Letters aforesaid, be pub.lished throughout our Realm, and henceforth firmly holden and kept. In Witness whereof, We have caused to be made these our Letters Patents. Given at London, the fifth day of Odober, in the Fifth year of our Reign.

The Ordinances aforesaid were published in the Church-Yard at Saint PaulÕs, London, by Simon Lord Bishop of Sarum, by the authority and special command of the venerable Father Robert Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, on the fifth of the Kalends of October, in the year of our Lord 1311, and in the Fifth year of the Reign of K Edward, Son of K. Edward.*

soil

¥ See the following Entries respecting the making, altering, confirming, publishing, and ultimate Repeal of the Ordinances ; viz. Rot. Claus. 3 Ed. II. m. 8. d\ Letters of the Ordainers, dated at London 17th March 1309, that the Letters Patent of 16th March, See page 137, note 3., should not be brought into precedent to the KingÕs Prejudice Ò ne en autie manere estre entendi ne clame forsq, pprement de sa curtesie 8c sa franche volonte : Ó Rot. Pat. 3 Ed. II. P. 2. m. 17 ; The King s Letters Patent dated at York, March 8, appointing certain Persons to confer with the Ordainers as to amending the Ordinances : Rot. Pat. 6 Ed. II. P.i. m. 20 ; The KingÕs Letters, dated at Canterbury, Aug. 4. for summoning certain of the Ordainors to appear and treat on the amending of the Ordinances: Rot.Claus. 9 Ed. II. m. 15, d-, the KingÕs Writs to the Sheriffs, dated at Clipston, March 6, for publishing the Ordinances: Rot. Claus. 12 Ed. II m. 22 d ., the Confirmation of the Ordinances by the King in the Parliament of York that Year; and finally, Rot. Stat. 15 Ed. II. m. 31; the ACL for repealing the Ordinances; post, sub An. 15 Edw. II.

In MS. Cott. Claud. D. II. fo. 266, 267, is an imperfed Entry of some Instruments relating to these Ordinances ; a Leaf or more being wanting between 266 b. and 267.

On the Back of Rot. Ord. is the following Memorandum in two different Hand-writings of much later Date than the Roll.

¥Ç Md qd In Parliament tento apud Ebo^ aÓ lj Ed. 3. ordinaooes infra scrip! revocit' & adnullat', ut patet in magno Rot. Statutoj memb. 31.Ó

XXXVIII. 01 the Great Charter, and Charter of the Foreat.

XXXIX. Of the Oath of Officers.

XL.

Of assigning

Persons in

Parliament

to hear

Complaints

against

Officers.

XLI.

Of proclaim.ing these Ordinances.


On the Back of Ret. Cant, are entered Ô Declarationes quondam Articto^ Ordinacionu infra scriptap.ÕÑThese consist of Suggej. tions for Alterations of the Ordinances in certain Particulars. The repealing A<R 15 Ed. II, notices only the Ordinances as made and confirmed on the jth O&ober, 5 Ed. II.

On the Back of Rot. Cant, is also the following Entry of the ancient Form of the Coronation Oath in Latin and French; The Various Readings of the Latin Form are from the Printed Copy in TottellÕs Magna Carta 1556 : Those of the French are from an Entry on Rot. Claus. 1 Ed. II. m. 9, d. in Ceduta, of the Words of the Oath taken by K. Edward II. at his Coronation.

JForma Juratnenti Kegi0 angl' in CoronacoÕe sua;

Si Rex filit trat9 talis est.

[ € Archieps Cantuar, ad que de jure & consuetudie Ecctie Cant, antiq* 8c approbata, ptinet Reges Anglie inungere 8c coronate, die coronacois Regis, anteq* Rex coronetur, faciet Regi InterrogacxSes subscriptas.1 ]

$ Si leges & consuetudines, ab antiquis justis & Deo devotis Regibj plebi Anglop concessas, cum sacrameti pfirmacoe eidem plebi concedere 8c servare [volSis:*] Et psertim leges et consuetudines et libtates a gtoso Rege Edwardo clero poploq, 9cessas?

[Et respondeat RexÑConcedo he servare volo, 8c sac'mento pfirmare.3 ]

^ Servabis Ecctie Dei, Cleroc^ 8c Popto, pacem ex integro 8c pcordiam in Deo sedm vires tuas ?

[Et respondeat Rex4]ÑServabo.

S Facies fieri in omibj Judiciis tuis equam 8c reftam justiciam, 8c discrecom, in misericordia 8c veritate, sedm vires tuas?

[Et respondeat Rex 4]ÑFaciam.

$ Concedis justas leges 8c consuetudines esse tenendas, 8c pmittis p te eas esse ptegendas, & ad honorem Dei corroborandas, quas Vulgus elegit, sedm vires tuas ?

[ Et respondeat Rex 4]ÑConcedo 8c pmitto. (s )

$ Forma Juramenti, si Rex non fuerit litteratus.

$ Sire, Voilez vous graunter 8c garder, 8c par vostre serment pfermer, au poeple Dengleterre, les leys 8c les custumes a

eux grauntees p les anxiens Rois Dengleterr (6) dreiturels 8c devoutez a Dieu : Et nomement les leys 8c les custumes 8c les

fraunchises grauntees au Clergye 8c au poeple p le glorious Rei seynt Edward (Õ) ?

[ Et respondeat Rex 8]ÑJeo les graunt 8c [garderai 8c p ?ment confermerai.Õ]

€ Sire, garderez vo9 a Dieu 8c a Seynt Esglise, 8c au Clergye, 8c au Poeple, pecs 8c acord en Dieu entierement, solonc votre poerl

[Et respondeat Rex 8]ÑJeo les garderai.

€ Sire, frez vous faireen touz vos jugementz owele 8c dreyt justice, 8c descrecioun, en misericorde 8c vta (10) ?

[Et respondeat Rex8]ÑJeo le frai.

$ Sire, grauntez vous a tenir 8c [promettez vous a defendre " ] les leys 8c les custumes dreytureles, les queux la comunalte de

votre Realme aura eslutz, 8c les [afforterez "] al honour de Dieu [solome ,J] vostre poer ?

[ Et respondeat Rex 8]ÑJeo les graunt 8c promet. (,4)

Faftispmissionibj confirmet Rex sac*mento corpali, super altar pstito, se omia pdea esse servaturu.

In MS. Harl. 867, is the Form of this Oath in Latin and French; the former agreeing with the Printed Copy already referred to, and the latter with the Entry on Rot. Claus. 1 Ed. II. See also Rot. Pari. 1 Hen. IV. nu. 16, 17, the Form of the Oath in Latin, which omits the first Sentence of the Oath beginning Ò Si leges Ó and the Answer; but in other particulars agrees with the Printed Latin Copy.

The Form of the Coronation Oath in French, in the Old Abridgement of the Statutes, first printed about 1481, is as follows:

SACRAMENTUM REGIS.

Ceo est le serement q le Roy jurra a son coronemet; que il gardera 8c meinteynera les droites et les fraunchises de seynt esglise, grauntes auncienment des droitz roys christiens degliterre, et que il gardeTa toutz ses terres honours 8c dignitees droitturelx et franks del coron du roialme denglitrnre en tout maner dentierte sans nul maner damenusemet, et les droites disperges dilapidea ou pdus de la coron, a sa pouoir reappeller en launcien estate, et que il gardera la peas de seynt esglise, 8c al people de bon acorde, et que il fac fair en toutz ses jugementz owel et droit justice ove discrecion et misericorde, et que il graunter a tenur les leyes et customes du royalme, et a sa pouoir lez face garder 8c affirmer q les gentes de people aver faitz et eslies, 8c les malveis leyes et customez de tout ostera et ferine peas et establie al people de son royalme en ceo gard esgardera a son pouoir come dieu luy ayde.

1 Metropolitanus, vel Episcopus dominum Regem coronaturus, mediocTi distin&oq, voce cum interroget; * voluerit

3 Si aute his oibus assentire se velle promiseTit, exponat ei Metropolitan9 vel Episcopus de quibus jurabit, ita dicendo:

* Respondent 5 Adjiciaturq, prediclis interrogationibus, que justa fuerint. Pronunciatis

omnibus confirmet se omnia esse servaturum, Sacramento super altare protinus prestito, coram cunttis. 8cc.

6 voz jJdecessouTS 10 a vre poer ¥3 a

Õ votre pdecessour 11 garder

'* Explicit Rot. Cl.

8 Respons È promette.

u defendrez 8c afforcercz


^ Ordi

Prices,

cm. of 4.r

lted C¡pf in TottellÕ ¥

it w, . 5 Mapu q ^ š IÇia nji,

Ñ v

nsnetudinesÇlifcj, } Ò *'?Ò> CM> ÇmmÇi ^

ÔopSrmare..] g03¡RtgtEl1^ cb£Ò* Q4nu,lus

^t4mai*'"*iÇIiÇ*iÇ^ais iÓÓ*Õ

Ç*lj

Ç¥

11 Rei non fuerit littcratus.

Bent confer meni.*]

:È& an Poeple, pees & acord 0 Di{u ^

ft justice, St descretioun, en misericordc k ?,# (Èjl

!" ] let leys St les custumes drcyturelci, Its queu l,^. ieu [solomeIJ] rostie poet ?

altar fktito, se omia jldca esse semturu.

?rench; the former agreeing with the Printed Copy Une See also fist. Pari, i Htn. IP.Ç. 16, i;f the Pom uf&'flei ig " Si leges Ó and the Answer ¥, but in other pmada p

ridgement of the Statutes, first printed about 1481, u asm

NTUM REGIS.

gardera & meintejrnera les droites et lei fraunchiiadtwqi que il garden toutz ses terres honours Sr difietsircK; rte sans nul manes damenusemet, et les droites dispep cat te, et que il garden la peas de seynt eagliae, Se al pttfiian t justice ore discrecion et misericorde, et que il gnansrits' rder St affirmer q les gentes de people am faitz fl tsM* die al people de son royalme en ceo gird esgardenaa)*

. tdjc

Jcx^ vocc cum intcrrogct;

ipiscopus de quibus jurabit, ita dW-

errogationibus, que jusu fuerint. PwÒ

prestito, coram cunttis. kc.

lespons 'Pšš

lefendrez Sc afforcertt

Qd nullus imp'sonet' 8tc p morte Petri de Gavaston, Ac.

( 169 )

Anno T EDWARDI, II. A.D.1S13.

Ex Rot. Pat. 7 Edw. II. P.i.m. 8.*

LE Roy au Visconte DePwik, Salutz. Sachent tuit, q pur ?teines & covenables enchesons en nre plement a Westmonster le Lundi pchein apres la feste de Seint Edward le Confessour, cest asaver le quin- zime jour de Oftobr, lan de nre regne septime, p'veu est & g*nte p nous, & p Ercevesqs, Evesqs, Abbes, Priours, Countes, Barons, & la Comunalte de nre Roialme, illoeqs a nre mandement assemblez, unyement assentuz, & accordez, q nul de quel estat ou condicion qil soit, en temps avenir, ne soit appe- lez ne chalengez, por lacheson de la prise, la detenue, ne de la mort Pieres de Gavaston ; ne pur mesmes la snort ne soit pris ne emprisonez, empeschez, molestez, ne grevez, nen Jugement menez par Nous, ne par autre a nre suite, ne a suite dautri qui qil soit, en nre Cun, ne nulle pt aillurs ; et voloms q ceo g*nt & concord soit ferm & estable, en touz ses poinz, & chescun deux soit tenuz & gardez a ppetuete: e pur coe vous comandoms, q coe gÔnt & concord facez en vfe Counte crier, puplier, e tenir & fermement garder a ppetuite, si come de sus est dit. Don a Westmonster le xvj. jour de Oftobr.

K En mesme la manere est maundc a touz les Viscountes denglePre.

f Et mande est as Justices du Bank, q coe g*nt 8c concord facent en le Bank avauntdit lire, enrouler, 8c fermement garder a ppetuite, sicome desus est dit.

f En mesme la manere mande est a Sire Rog le Brabazoun, 8c ses copaignouns Justices a tenir les pies le Roy devaunt lui mesmes, q coe g"nt 8c concord en le Bank le Roy devaunt luy facent lire, enrouler, 8cc.

1 En mesmes la Manere maunde est a Lieu Tenant, le Tresorer, Sc as Barons del Escheker, q coe gÔnt Sc concord facent lire e enrouler, en lescheker avantdit, 8cc.

'JÕH E King to the Sheriff of York, Greeting s Know AU -fkut no one Men, that for certain and expedient Causes, in our Par- be moleÇed ^ liament at Westminster, the Monday next after the Feast of Q{ pKr5 St. Edward the Confessor, that is to say, the fifteenth day of Gavaston. Oflober in the Seventh Year of our Reign, It was Provided and granted by Us, and by the Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots,

Priors, Earls, Barons, and the Commonalty of our Realm, there at our command assembled, with one accord assented and agreed ¥, That no one of what Estate or Condition soever he be, in time to come be appealed nor challenged by reason of the taking, detaining, or Death of Piers de Gavaston ¥, nor for the same Death be taken, imprisoned, hindered, molested, aggrieved, nor into judgment brought by Us, nor by any other at our Suit, nor at the Suit of any otheT whomsoever, in our Court nor elsewhere: and We will that this Grant and Concord be affirmed and established in all its points, and that each of them be holdcn and kept for ever: and there.fore We do command You that this Grant and Concord you do cause in your County to be proclaimed, published, and holden and firmly kept for ever, as is aforesaid. Given at Westminster the Sixteenth day of Oflober.

In the fame manner It was commanded to all the Sheriffs of England.

And It was commanded to the Justices of the Bench, that this Grant and Concord they do cause in the Bench aforesaid to be read, enrolled, and firmly kept for ever, as is abovesaid.

In the fame manner It was commanded to Sir Roger Brabazon and his Fellows, Justices for holding the Pleas of the King before himself, that this Grant and Concord in the King's Bench before him they do cause to be read and enrolled, 8cc.

In the fame manner It was commanded to the Lieutenant, Treasurer, and Barons of the Exchequer, that this Grant and Concord they do cause to be read and enrolled in the Exchequer aforesaid.

* In the Old Printed Copies this Article is intituled Ò Statutum ne quis occssionetur pro morte Petri de Gaveston.ÕÕ It begins Ò Edward par la grace de dieu Roy Dengli? &c. a ses Juftices du Banke falutz.Ó In the Patent Roll of this Year 7 Ed. II. P. 1. *È¥ 14. in Ctdula, the Instrument is again entered, totidem verbis as in the Text, with the following Note in the Margin : Ò De pub- licacoe pdonat mortis Pet1 de Gavasi." On the fame Membrane of the Roll, is the following Entry:

Le Roy a tuz ceux, qui cestes Ires vVont, ou orront, salutz. Sachetz, qen nre plement comence a Westmostier, le dimeineb fkchein aps la seint Matheu la Postle, lan de nre Regne septisme, por c?teines 8c covenables enchesons, p'veu est & g*nte p nos & p - - - Ercevesqs, Evesqs, Abbes, Priours, Contes, 8c Barons, 8c par tote la Comunalte de nre Roiaume, illoeqs a nre maundement assembletz, uniement assentuz, 8c acordetz ., q nul, de quel estat ou condicion quil soit, por la p'se, ne larest de* joiaux, Chivaux, ou autres biens, & chateux, queux qil feussent, 8c a qi qil feussent, noz, ou dautri, a Noef Chastel s' Tyne, ou nulle pt aillors p encheson de Piers de Gavaston, ou du fait qe est avenuz de li, ne por entrees en Villes, ne en Chasteux, ne por leges des Chasteux, ne por portement darmes, ne por p'se des psones, ne por alllaunces queles qeles soient, ou en autre marile, quele qele soit, q touche ou eit regarde a la psone ou au fait qest avenu du dit Piers, ne soient appelletz, pris ne arrestez, enp'sonez, molestez, ne grevetz, ne en jugement menetz p no5, ne p autre, a nre suite, ne a suite dautri, en nre Curt, ne nulle pt aillors. E aussit q monf Griffith de la Pole, monf Fouk Lestraunge, leur mesnengs, alliez 8c aerdantz, por le Sege du Chastel de la Pole, ne por occison des gentz, ne por chcvauches qil fesoient a force & armes en les ?res de Powys, de la Pole, 8c aillors, en celles pties, ne por prise des bestes, ne dautre biens, queux qil feussent, 8c a qi qil feusset, ne por autres choses illoeqs faites contre nre pees, ne soient appelletz, pris, ne arestez, emp'sonez, molestez, ne grevetz, nen jugement menetz, p no9, ne p autre a nre suite, ne a suite dautri, en nre Curt, ne nulle pt aillors, E aussint q monf Johan de Chcrlcton, qi tint le dit Chastel al temps du dit sege, ses mesnengs, allietz, 8c aerdantz, p' chevauchecs qil fesoient en les ?res 8c pties avantdites, ne por occison des gentz, ne por p'se des bestes, ne dautre biens, queux qd feussent, ou a qi qil feussent, ne por autres choses illoeqs faites contre nre pees, si come avant est dit, ne soient appelletz, p's, ne arestez, emp'sonez, molestez, ne grevez, ne en jugement menetz, p no9, ne p autre, a nre suite, ne a suite dautti, en nre Curt, ne nulle pt aillors. Et volons q les g'ntz 8c acords susditz soient ferms & estables en toutz leur poinz, 8c chescun de eux soit tenuz 8c gardez a ppetuite. En tesmoignaunce de queu chose no9 avons fait faire cestei nos Ires oVtes. Don a Weymostier le sysme jour de No?.

Triplicat'.

Vol. I.


X X

That none be molested for the Return of Piers de Gavaston.

The King forbids the coming armed to Parliament, &c.

rJ'HE King to All who these Letters shall see or hear, Greeting. Know Ye that in our Parliament at Westminster, the Sunday next after the Feast of St. Matthew the Apostle, in the Seventh year of our Reign, for certain and expedient Causes, It was provided and granted by ITs, and by the Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, and Barons, and all the Commonalty of our Realm, there being at our command, with one accord assented and agreed; That no one, of what estate or condition soever he be, in any time to come be challenged, taken, nor imprisoned, hindered, mo.lested, nor aggrieved, nor into judgement brought by Us, nor by any other at our Suit, nor at the Suit of any other whomsoever, in our Court nor elsewhere, by reason of the return of Monsieur Piers de Gavaston into England, nor of any Aid, Maintenance, Adherance, nor of any Counsel nor Receipt of him, nor Alliance made with him, or for him, by writing or otherwise, nor by reason of tarrying in his Com.pany or Service in any time passed heretofore. And We will that this Grant and Accord be affirmed and established in all its Points, and that each of them be holden and kept for ever. In Witness whereof, ficc. Given as above.

Ex Rot. Pat. 7 Ed. II. P. l.m. 14. in Cedula.*

LE Roy, a tuz ceux, qi cestes Ires vÕront, ou orront Deeodan Salutz. Sachetz, qen nre plement, comence a wgotio. Westmoistier le dimeyncft pschein aps la feste de Seint Matheu le Apostle, en lan de nre regne sep- tisme, p c?teines & covenables enchesons, p'veu est & g*nte p no9, & p - - Ercevesqs, Evesqs, Abbes, Pri- ours, Contes & Barons, & tote la comunalte de nre roiaume, illoeqs a nre maundement, uniement assen- tuz & acorde; q nul de quel estat, ou condicion qil soit, en nul temps avenir, soit chalange, p's, ne en- p'sonetz, empeschez, molestez, ne grcvez, nen juge- ment menez, p no9, ne p autre a nre suite, ne a suite Jautri, qi qil soit, en nre Court ne nulle pt aillore, p encheson du revenir de mon# Piers de Gavaston en Eng let re, ne de eide, meintenaunce, aerdaunce, ne de conseil, ne de recette de 11, ne dalliaunce fait a li, ou por li, p escrit ou autrement, ne pr encheson de demorer en sa compaignie, ne en €vice, en nul temps passe cea en arrieres. E volons q ce g*nt & acord soit ferm & estable en touz sez pointz, & chescun de eux soit tenu & garde a ppetuite. En tesmoign, &c. Don ut sup*.

* This follows on the Patent Roll immediately after the Article given in the Note in page 169. In the Old Printed Copies this Article is intituled Ò Ne quis occasionetur pro reditu Petri de Gaveston.Ó It begins Ò Edwarde par la grace de dieu See. as toutz ceuxÕ' and ends Ò Done a Weftffi le vii. jour de Novembre lan de nostre reigne feptifme.Ó

£>tatutu supÕ Tlportamto 2lrmor\*

A STATUTE forbidding Bearing of ARMOUR.

y | ''HE King [to the Justices of his Bench,1] sendeth

X Greeting. Whereas of late before certain Per.sons deputed to treat upon sundry Debates had between Us and certain great Men of our Realm, amongst other things it was accorded, That in our next Parlia.ment after, Provision [shalll] be made by Us, and the common assent of the Prelates, Earls, and Barons, that in all Parliaments, [Treatises,5] and other Assem.blies, which should be made in the Realm of England [for ever,4] that every Man shall come without all Force and (!) Armour, well and peaceably, to the Honour of Us, and the Peace of Us and our Realm ; and now in our [next6] Parliament at Westminster, after the said Treatise, the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and the Commo.nalty of our Realm, there assembled [to take7] Advice of this Business, have said, that to Us it belongeth, and our part (*) is, through our Royal Seigniory, straitly to defend [Force9] of Armour, and all other Force against our Peace, at all Times when it shall please Us, and to punish them which shall do contrary, accord.ing to [our ,0] Laws and Usages of our Realm ; and (") hereunto they are bound to aid Us as their Sovereign Lord at all Seasons, when need shall be: We com.mand you, that ye cause these Things to be read afore you in the said [Bench,11] and there to be enrolled. Given at Westminster, the thirtieth day of October.

And It was commanded to Sir Roger Brabazon and his Fellows, Justices assigned to hold the KingÕs Pleas before him, that these things they do cause to be read before them, and there to be enrolled.

And It was commanded to the Justices of the Bench, that these things they do cause to be read before them in the said Bench, and there to be enrolled.

* to the Lieutenant, the Treaeurer and the Barone of the Exchequer,

1 should 5 Treaties 4 at alt timer,

i without 6 Old Translations omit. 7 taking

* it 5 wearing 10 the

" that 11 Exchequer

Ex Rot. Pat. 7 Ed. II. P. 1. m. 14. in Cedula.

LE Roy, au Lieutenant, le Tresorier, & as Barons del Eschekier, Salutz. Come nadguaires de- vant c?teines psones deputees a treter s' ascun debatz, euz, entre no9 & ascun de g'ntz de nre Roiaume, entre nutres choses feust acordez, q en nre pchein plement aps, p'veaunce se feist p no9 & le comun assentement des Prelatz, Contes, & Barons, q en touz plementz, tretementz, & autres assembletz, q se ferront en roiaume DengletVe a tuz jours, q home veigne santz tote force & saunz armes, bien & peisiblement al honur de no9, & a la pays de no9 & de nre roi.aume ; et ja en nre [pchein'] plement a Westiii ap*$ le ditz tretiz, les Prelatz, Contes, Barons, & la Co.munalte de nre Roiaume illoeqs assemblez, eu avise- ment de ceste bosoigne, no9 aient dit q a no9 apent, & devons p nre roiale Seignuric, defendre [portement'] darmes, & tote autre force contre nre pais, a totes les foiz q nous plerra, & punir ceux q contre ven- dront, selonc les leys & les usages de nre roiaume; E q a ce sont il tenuz de no9 aider come leur bon Seign', totes les foiz q mester sra ; Vo9 mandons q cestes choses facetz lire devant vo9 en le dit Esche.kier, & illoeqs enrouler. Don a Westfii le xxx. jour Dociobr.

f Et maunde est a Sire Rogier le Brabanzon 8c ses compaig- nons, Justices a les pletz le Roy devant lui tenir assignetz, q cestes choses facent lire devant eux, 8c illoqs enrouler.

f Et maunde est as Justices du Bank, q cestes choses facent lire devant eux, en dit Bank, 8c illoeqs enrouler.

* Old Printed Copies omit. * fortement Old Printed Copies¥

¥ This Title is in the Margin of the Roll. In the Old Printed Copies this is intituled Ò Statutum de Defensione portandi Anna; and is ascribed to the Seventh Year of King Edward I. The English Title is from the Old Translations.


,U'ARÈI, II.

w,

Ç.

the

md

*7

ns,

ror

no

to

ro.

tor

ter

ie

of

ior

*7

n-

rfl]

all

È.

E* R0t.Pat.7Ed.il.

LEBo'ja to <m, q\ tears \m i Salto. Sadittz, qea we Vlestmolsuer \e AimqnA ^sAtm

Sant Matbeu \e Apostle, at W AÇÈ- tisnve, p Heines *È

, Ñ paw

__... rnwneu \e Apostle, & Un A tÇ rã

nsme, p kernes A coveniblB eatWs,-^'.

£nte p no9, & p - - litevesq, {.tÈ~ È' ours, Contes *> D ¥ *

Article given in the Note in page 169. IilkOllhMIt Petri de Gaveston.ÕÕ It begins Ò Edwatde pa lips kki lorembre lan de nostre tetgne feptifme.Ó

SportamÕto armor?

ing Bearing of ARMOUR.

EÈRct.Pa,.7

T E Roy, au Lieutenant, Ic Tmrir.hk -Ld del Eschekier, Saluti. Consign, mt cteines pones deputees a treter (Ç, fc euz, entre no9 & ascun de g*ntz de nft iac entre autres choses feust acordea^amp plement apfe, pVeaunce se fasti'll a assentement des Prelatz, Comet, & bo, ju plementz, tretementz, & antra usaidra, jrb en roiautne Dengletre a tuz jouts, 9 tern santz tote force & saunz arraes, fa 4 jefe al honur de no9, & a la pays de tu^&deen aume; et ja en nre [pchein'] plement iWsiy le dilz tretiz, les Prelatz, Contes, Barons, 116 munalte de nre Roiaume illoeqs assemhlea, an mem de ceste bosoigne, no9 aient dit q a ae5?: & devons p nre roiale Seignurie, defendre jww darmes, & tote autre force contrc aft jssi* les foiz q nous plerra, A punir ceux q case 5 dront, selonc les leys A les usages liltš E q a ce sont il tenuz de no9 aider cine Is* Seign', totes les foiz q mester sra; m cestei choses facetz lire devant vo9 en le & kier, A illoeqs enrouler. Doii a W<š .!E1 Dodobr.

5 Et miunde est a Sire Rogier leBnbiMK'i*'35 nons, Justices a les plea le Rot derant hi W*

cestes choses facent lire devant cur, & ilk?

. - 1

estes choses tacent lire UfcvÇ..È----

f Et maunde est as Justices du Bani, 9 csBthri* : devant euir, en dit Sant, & ilJoeqs enrotder.

Old Printed Copies omit.

u Statutum de L

om the Old Translattons.

ã - ã - ,ap ours, Contes A Barons, k tote li roiautne, illoeq. a nie maunioBot, tuz A acorde; q nul de quel Çui, % ^ soit, en nul temps avenir, sott cw~

p'sonetz. v

ment menez, pno9 ra<3Õ Òpna*'

Jautri> qi qil nit, Õen ^ D*Ji9si

P ^cheson du revenir Jf3

-ªi*tq

, v 1Ò Òulli š nit Court m uAjij.. p encheson du revenir de marffim ^ concessis en Eaglet re, ne de eide, manknoo, ^ ne de consol, ne de recette de li, ne Afe-. a li, ou por li, p escrit ou autrement, ne ^ de demorer en sa compaignie, ne a^,, temps passe cea en artieres. Evdonsq*^ acord sort ferrn A estable en touz n y*,; chescun de eux soit tenu 8c garde a jpetsc. h tesmoign, Ac. Don ut sup1.

( 171 )

Anno 9¡ EDWARDI, II. A.D.1315-16.

artieuM tlerf.

ARTICLES for The CLERGY*

'sis

Ex rrutgno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 34. d.

ROmibj ad quos, 8cc. Saltm. Sciatis qd cum ¥ dudum tempibj pgenito^ nfo^ quondam Regu Angf, in diesis pliamentis suis, et simili? postqÕm regni nri gubemacula suscepim9 in pliamentis nris, p p>latos & deru regni nri, plures articuli continentes g'va- mina aliqua ecctie Anglicane & ipis p>latis & clero illata, ut in eisdem asserebaf, porredti fuissent, & cu instancia supplicatu, ut inde appoSetur remediu oportunu : Ac nup in pliamento nro apud Lincoln anno regni nn nono, articulos subscripts, & quas- dam responsiones ad aliquos eo£ prius fcas, cora consilio nro recitari, ac quasdam responsiones corrigi, & cefts articuLis subsc'ptis p nos & dSm con- siliu nrm fecerim9 responderi ; quop quide articulo^ & responsionu tenores subsequunt' in hunc modu.

In p'mis laici impetrant phibicones in gerJe sup de- cimis, obveneftibj, oblacioniby, mortuariis, redemp- cionibj penitenciaj, violenta manuu injeccoe in cticum vel convÕsuni, & in causis diffamaebis, in quibj agit' ad penam canonica imponend : Rex ad istum arti- culu respondet, qd in decimis, oblac6ib3, obvencoib3, mortuariis, q'ndo [sup1] istis noib3 pponuntr, phibiebi regie no est locus, eciam si ppt1 detencoem istop diutuma ad estimacbem ea^dem pecuniaria veniat'. Set si ciicus, vel religiosus, decimas suas in orreo suo congregatas, vel alibi existentes, vendiderit alicui p pecunia, si petat' pecunia cora Judice ec- cfiastico, locu bet phibicio, quia p vendicoem res spuales fiunt tempales, & fnseunt decime in catalla.

Item si sit contencio de jure decimals, originem bens ex jure pronatus, & eajidem decima^ q*ntitas ascendat ad quart! ptem bono^ ecctie, locum bet regia phibicio, si hec causa coram eccliastico Judice ventilet'. Item si f>latus imponat penam pecuniaria alicui p peccato, & re- petat illam, regia phibicio locum bet; vPmptamen si pPlati imponant penitencias corpales, & sic puniti velint hujus- modi penitencias ppecuniam [sponte1] rediirie, no bet lo.cum regia phibicio, si cora platis pecunia ab eis exigat'.

Insup si aliquis violentas manus inject in cticum. p violata pace debet emenda fieri cora Rege, p excoicacbe vero cora f?lato, ut imponat' penitencia corporalis ; qua si reus velit sponte p pecunia redirfie danda {Plato vel leso, potest repeti cora plato, nec in talib3 regia phibi.cio locum bet.

In diffamacbib3 ecia corrigant plati supradfo modo, regia phibicoe no obstante : (J)

1 sub Rot. Pat.

* Interlined on the Statute Roll; Rot. Pat. inserts.

, ( The Old Printed Copies here add as follows,

\primo injungendo penam corporalem quam si reus velit redimere libere percipiat prelatus pecuniam licet regia prohi- bicio porrigatur.ÑRot. Pat. agrees with the Text.

Statute the FtRST.

^ I riHF. King to All to whom, &c. sendeth, Greeting. Of dim. X Understand Ye, That whereas of late (') Times gr'ln^j''0 of our Progenitors sometimes Kings of England, in the Clergy, divers their Parliaments, and likewise after that We had undertaken the Governance of the Realm, in our Par.liaments, many Articles containing divers Grievances, committed (*) against the Church of England, the Prelates and Clergy, were propounded by the Prelates and Clerks of our Realm; and further, great Instance was made that convenient Remedy might be provided therein: And of late in our Parliament holden at Lin.coln, the Ninth year of our Reign, We caused the Articles underwritten, with certain Answers made to some of them heretofore, to be rehearsed before our Council, and made certain Answers to be corrected j and to the Residue of the Articles underwritten, An.swers were made by Us and our Council; of which said Articles, with the Answers of the same, the Tenors here ensue.

FIRST, Whereas Laymen do purchase Prohibitions generally upon Tythes, Obventions, Oblations, Mor.tuaries, Redemption of Penance, violent laying Hands on Clerks or [Converts,1] and in Cases of Defamation, in which Cases [Spiritual Penance ought to be enjoined : *] the King doth answer to this Article, That in Tythes, Oblations, Obventions, Mortuaries, when they are pro.pounded under these Names, the KingÕs Prohibition shall hold no place, although for the long withholding of the same, [the Money may be esteemed at a Sum certain.J] But if a Clerk or a Religious Man do sell his Tythes being gathered in his Barn, or otherwise, to any Man for Money, if the Money be demanded before a Spiritual Judge, the KingÕs Prohibition shall lie ; for, by the Sale, the Spiritual Goods are made Temporal, and the Tythes turned into Chattels.

No Prohibi.tion in Suits for Tythes, &cj

unless they be sold;

ALSO if Debate do arise upon the Right of Tythes, having his Original from the Right of the Patronage, and the Quantity of the same Tythes do come unto the fourth Part of the Goods of the Church, the KingÕs Prohibition shall hold Place, if the Cause come before a Judge Spiritual. Also if a Prelate enjoin a Penance Pecuniary to a Man for his Offence, and it be demanded, the KingÕs Prohibition shall hold Place; but if Prelates enjoin a Penance Corporal, and they which be so punished will redeem upon their own Ac.cord such Penances by Money, if (4) Money be demanded before a Judge Spiritual, the KingÕs Prohibition shall hold no Place.

II.

or arise from the Right of Patronage.

Penance

pecuniary and corporal.

MOREOVER, if any lay violent Hands on a Clerk, the Amends for the Peace broken shall be before the King, and for the Excommunication before a Prelate, that Penance Corporal may be enjoined; which if the Offender will redeem, of his own good Will, by giving Money to the Prelate, or to the Party grieved, it [shall7] be required before the Prelate, and the KingÕs Prohibition shall not lie.

III.

Laying Hanas upon a Clerk.

IN Defamations also Prelates shall correct in Man.ner abovesaid, the KingÕs Prohibition notwithstand.ing : first injoyning a Penance Corporal, which if the Offender will redeem, the Prelate may freely receive the Money, though the KingÕs Prohibition be shewed.

¥ in the 9 at it was therein listened 1 Lay-brethren

4 proceeding it had, that Spiritual Penance may he imposed;

* they come to a pecuniary Estimation, and Sentence for

the fame, 6 the 7 may

IV.

Defamation.

¥ These Titles are from the Old Printed Copies and Translations : The Various Readings in the Notes marked Rot. Pat. are trom an Entry of this Statute on the Patent Roll, io Edsv. II. P. 2 m. 34.


v.

Prohibition (hall not lie upon Demand of Tythe for a new Mill.

VI.

Jurisdiction of the King's Court jointly with the Spiritual.

VII.

The King's Letter to discharge an Excommuni.cate, shall not issue.

VIII.

Clerks in the KingÕs Service, not bound to Residence.

IX.

Distresses on the Clergy (hall not be taken in the Highways, nor in the ancient Fees of the Church.

X.

ALSO if any do erett in his Ground a Mill of new, and after the Parson of the same Place demandeth Tythe for the same, the KingÕs Prohibition doth issue in this Form : [Quia de tali molendino haftemis decimae non fuerurit solutae, prohibem9, &c. & sententiam ex- communicationis, si quam hac occasione promulgave- ritis, revocetis omnino. '3 The Answer. In such case the KingÕs Prohibition was never granted by the KingÕs Assent, [nor never shall, which Õ] hath decreed that it shall not hereafter lie in such Cases.

ALSO if any Cause or Matter, the Knowledge whereof belongeth to a Court Spiritual, and shall be definitively determined before a Spiritual Judge, [and doth passÕ] into a Judgement, [and shall not be suspended4] by an Appeal; and after, if upon the same Thing a Ques.tion is moved before a Temporal Judge between the same Parties, and it be proved by Witness or Instru.ments, such an Exception is not to be admitted in a Temporal Court. The Answer. When any one Case (s) is debated before Judges Spiritual [or6] Temporal, as above appeareth upon the Case of laying violent Hands on a Clerk, [it is thought,7] that notwithstanding the Spiri.tual Judgement, the KingÕs Court shall discuss the same Matter [as the Party shall think expedient for himself.8] ALSO the KingÕs Letter (Õ) directed unto Ordinaries, that have wrapped those that be in Subje&ion unto them in the Sentence of Excommunication, that they should assoil them by a certain day, or else that they do appear, and shew wherefore they have excommu.nicated them: The Answer. The King decreeth, That hereafter no such Letters shall be suffered to go forth, but in case where it is found that the KingÕs Liberty is prejudiced by the Excommunication.

ALSO Barons of the KingÕs Exchequer claiming by their Privilege, that they ought to make answer to no Complainant out of the same Place, extend the same Privilege unto Clerks abiding there, galled to Orders or unto Residence, and inhibit Ordinaries that by no Means, or for any Cause, so long as they be in the Ex.chequer, or in the KingÕs Service, they shall not call them to Judgement. The Answer. It pleaseth our Lord the King, That such Clerks as attend in his Ser.vice, if they offend, shall be correct by their Ordinaries like as other; but so long as they are occupied about the Exchequer, they shall not be bound to keep Resi.dence in their Churches. [This is added ,0] of new by the KingÕs Council. The King and his Ancestors since Time out of Mind have used, That Clerks, which are employed in his Service, during such l ime as they are in Service, shall not be compelled to keep Residence at their Benefices; and such Things as be thought ne.cessary for the King and the Commonwealth, ought not to be said to be prejudicial to the Liberty of the Church.

ALSO the KingÕs Officers, as Sheriffs and other, do enter into the Fees of the Church to take Distresses, and sometime they take the ParsonÕs Beasts in the KingÕs Highway, where they have nothing but the Land be.longing to the Church. The Answer. The KingÕs Pleasure is, That from henceforth such Distresses shall neither be taken in the KingÕs Highway, nor in the Fees wherewith Churches in Times past have been in- dowed ; nevertheless he willeth Distresses to be taken in Possessions of the Church newly purchased by Ecclesiastical Persons.

ALSO where some flying unto the Church, abjure the Realm, according to the Custom of the Realm, and Lay-men or their Enemies do pursue them, and pluck them from the KingÕs Highway, and they are hanged or headed ; and whilst they be in the Church, are kept [in the Church-yard with armed Men,"] and sometime in the Church, so straitly, that they cannot depart from the hallowed Ground to empty their Belly, and cannot be suffered to have Necessaries brought unto them for their Living :

1 Whcretts, of fuck a Mill Tythes have not been kilkerlo paid; IVc do prohibit, (Sr. and the Sentence of Excommunication, if any on this Occafion ye have polUJh'd, ycjhall wholly revole.

. who also > so that it pass 4 nor was not in suspense j Upon different grounds 6 and 7 they fay

8 according as it may seem expedient to that Court.

Èis used to be 10 Here is thus added.

È l,t armed men, within the Church-yard,

Item si aliquis in fundo suo molendinu erexit de novo, & postea a Reftore loci exigatÕ dedma de eodem, exhibetÕ phibicio regia sub hac forma; Quia de molendino tali ha&enus decime no fuerunt so.lute, phibem9 &c. et sentencia excoicacbis si quam hac oedone pmulgaPitis revocetis omio. Responsio, In tali casu nunqÔ exivit phibicio de p'ncipis voluntate, qui & decemit talem ppetuo no exire.

Item si aliqua causa vel negociu, cujus cpgnicio spettat ad foru ecctiasdcu, & enram ecctiastico Judice fSit sentenciali? Pminata, & tÕnsierit in rem judicatam, nec p appellacoem fSit suspensa, et postmodu cora judice seculari, sup eade re inP easdem psonas questio moveatÕ, & pbetr p testes vel instruments, talis excep- cio in foro seculari no admitted. Responsio. Quando eadem causa, divÕsis racionibj, cora Judicibj ecctias- ticis & secularibj ventilatÕ, ut sup* patet de injeccbe violenta manuu in cticum, dicunt qd no obstante ec.ctiastico judicio, Cur Regis ipm tractst negociu ut sibi expedire videt', ecctiastico judicio no obstante.

Item litPa regia ordinariis dirigitÕ, qui aliquos suos subditos excSicacionis vinculo innodarunt, qd eos absol- vant infra certu diem, Alioquin qd compeant respopsuri quare eos excoicaverunt. Responsio. Rex deCnit qd talis litPa nurnq6 exire imposPum pmittat', nisi in casu in quo posset inveniri ledi p excoicacoem regiam libtatem.

Item Barones de Sc'cio dni Reg, vendicantes sibi ex p'vilegio qd n5 debent ext* ilium locu conque- renti cuiq*m respondere, extendunt iilud privilegiu ad ciicos comorantes ibidem, vocatos ad ordines seu ad residenciam, et diocesanis inhibent ne aliquo modo, aliq*ve ex causa, du sunt in ScÕcio & in €vicio dni Regis, trahant ad judiciu quoquo modo. Responsio. Placet duo Regi, ut ctici suis obsequiis intendentes, si delinq'nt, p ordinarios ut cePi corrigantÕ; set tempe quo occupantÕ circa Sc*cm ad residenciam in suis fa- ciend ecctiis n5 tenentÕ. Hie additr sic de novo, p consiliu dni Regis. Rex & antecessores sui, a tempe cuj9 cont'rii memoria nd existit, usi sunt qd did suis immorantes [obsequiis, du obsequiis illis intendint, ad residencia in suis bnficiis faciend minime copel- lantr; nec debet dici tendere in pjjudiciu eccliastice libtatis quod p Rege ' ] & re publica necessariu invenit'.

Item Ministri dni Regis, ut Vicecomites k alii, in* grediunt' feodu ecctie ad disticcoes faciend* k ali- qÕndo capiunt animalia Reftop in via regia, qÕndo no bent nisi Pra ptinente ad ecctiam. Responsio. Placet dno Regi ne decePo districcbes fiant huj9- modi, nec in via regia, nec in feodis, quibj olim ec.ctie sunt Ôdotate; vult tamen districcbes fieri in pos- sessionibj de novo a psonis ecctiasticis adquisitis.

Item qÕndoq, aliqui confugientes ad ecctiam abjurant Pram, sedm regni consuetudine k psequntÕ laid eos vel inimici eop, & a publica strata abstrahuntÕ & suspenduntÕ, vel statiin decapitantÕ; & du sunt in ecctia custodiuntÕ p armatos infra CimiPium, & q*ndoq* infra ecctiam, ita arte qd n5 possunt exire locum sacru causa supflui ponderis deponendi, nec pmittit' eis necessaria vidfui ministrari:

* Interlined on the Roll i Rot. Pat. insert!.


:th

in

a*

a

re-

ise

SÕ*

tit

eof

ely

h3

by

es-

the

ru-

H

ue

as

on

iri.

me

¥7

lto

icy

Iey

lu-

lat

th,

is

by

no

me

:rs

no

x-

all

mr

:r-

ies

>ut

si-

>y

ce

re

re

ce

e-

3t

b.

!o

s,

Õs

's II e

i-

n

y

itein si a|:_ ¥ . novo, 4 fu"JG sj)

*"ÇÈÇ. 1* > * S

1m*,-, -c?

jÇdmo, Cii Rejis '

Item litra regia ordinaris subditos excSicacioais mculo innodamt, ^ vant infra emu diem, Alioquin qj compLm^, quare eot excoicavemnt. Responsio. Ra £( talis litra numq* exire impostum pmittar',aaja . quo posset inveniri ledi p excSofitai rtpfe Item Barones de Sc'do dni Reg, retlš, ex p'vilegio qd no debent erf illau È rend cuiqÕm respondere, extendunt illml clicos comorantes ibidem, voatw ad (xdins m residenciam, et diocesanis inhibent nt t&|jB aliq've a causa, du sunt in Sc'do i i iraj Regis, trahant ad judiciu quoquo modo. h& Placet diio Regi, ut did suis obsequiii iniademi delinq*nt, p ordinarios ut ce?i coniginfj ses? quo occupant' area ScÕcm ad residenciam ia sti ciend ecctiis no tenent'. Hie addir'sdt*| consiliu dni Regis. Rex k antecessors sti, up cuj5 cont*rii memoria no exisn't, usi saa sli suis immorantes [obsequiis, du obsquiis iiai ad residencia in suis bnficiis fadend mussed lant'i nec debet did tendere in p^udidn ccd* libtatis quod p Rege'] k re pubtonÇwiÈ Item Ministri dni Regis, ut Vicecow U> grediunf feodu eabe ad tWc&sWi* q*ndo capiunt animalia Redo? in va sfi -

no tot nia ?È &** Òf*

piÈ dno a* * .!È?. <¥È* Ò;

.ÇÇÈ**-ÈÈ**

M de 1 ÒÒ **Ò*

Jb) ae ama , r___

Item q'ndoq aliqui confugienta sd ccdbtibe

tram, sedm regni consuetudin? i (xf> eos rel inimici eof, Ic a publics stub & & suspendunt', rel ststint deapitmf; ki> ia eccfia custodluat' p annatas inh &* q'ndoq, infra eccfiam, ita arte qd ÈvaSs locum acrii causa supEui ponderd kfcsed1 pmitdt' eis necessaria riflin' nmstnii:

' Interlined on lie Roll X*. A.**1*

Responsio. Qui tram abjurarunt, du sunt in strata publica sunt in pace Regisnec debent ab aliquo moles- tari; et du sunt in ecctia, Custodes eop no debent morari infra Cimi?ium, nisi necessitas vel evasionis piculu hoc requirat. Nec arcent' confugi du sunt in ecctia, quin possint here vite necessaria, & exire libe p obceno pondere deponendo. Placet ecia dno Regi ut latrones appellatores, q'ndocuq, voluint, possint sa$dotib3 sua facinora confiteri; set caveant confes- sores ne erronee hujusmodi appellatores informent.

Item petit' qd dns Rex & regni Magnates, no orient domos religiosas, vel ecctiasticas psonas, p Corrodiis, pensionibj, vel phendinac6ib3 faciend in domib3 re- ligiosis & aliis locis ecctiasticis, carectis equis sibi mittend, cum p hoc pMce domus depaupent', cultusq^ divinus in hac pte diminuat', et ppt huj9modi onera compellunt' sepissime psbift, & alii ministri ecctiastici, divinis officiis deputati, a locis recedere sup'dCis. Responsio. Placet dno Regi qd sup cotentis in pe- tiefte deceto indebite no oSent'. Et si p magnates aut alios cont* fiat, heant inde remediu juxta forma statutop, tempe dni E. Regis, pris Regis nuc, editors. Et fiat consimile remediu de Corrodiis & pension^ p cohercbem exaftis, de quib3 no fit mencio in statutis.

Item si aliqui de tenura dni Regis, vocati cora ordinariis ext* parochiam in qua degunt, si pp? sua manifestam contumacia excoicent', ac post quadra- ginta dies p eoj capcoe scribat', pbendunt se p'vile- giatos, qd ext* villam seu pochiam suam no debent vocari & sic denegat' fere regiu p capcoe eo^dem. Responsio. Nunq*m fuit negatu nec negabit'in futuru.

Item petit' qd psone ecctiastice, quas dns Rex ad beneficia p'sentat ecctiastica, si Epus eas no admittat, utputa pp? defeftu sciencie, vel alia causam ronabi- lem, no subeant examinacoem laicajs psonap in casib3 antedcis, put hiis tempib3 attemptat' de fCo, cont* ca- noicas sancciones; set adeant Judice eccliasticu, ad que de jure ptinet, p remedio put justu fSit conse- quendo. Responsio. De idoneitate psone, psentate ad beneficiu ecctiasticu, ptinet examinacio ad Judicem eccliasticu ; et ita est haclen2 usitatu & fiet in futuru.

Item si vacet aliqua dignitas, ubi eleccio est facienda, petit' qd eie&ores lifee possint elige, absq, incussione timoris a quacuq, potestate seculari, & qd cessent pees & oppssiones in hac pte. Responsio. Fiant lifee juxta forma statuto^ & ordinaconum.

Item licet cticus cora seculari Judice judicari no debeat, nec aliquid cont* ipm fieri, p quod ad piculu mortis vel mutilacbem menbri valeat pveniri, secu- lares tamen Judices dicos ad eccliam confugientes, & reatus suos forte confitentes, faciunt abjurare regnum, & eo£ abjuracoes admittunt ex ilia causa, qÕtnq1 eo^ Judices sup hiis no existant, sicq^ dat' laicis indirefte potestas liujusmodi dicos trucidandi, si ipos post hu.jusmodi abjuracbem in regno contigit inveniri; sup quo petunt plati & clerus tale remediu adhiberi ut immunitas eedie, & ecdiasticajs psona?, con^vet' iliesa. Responsio. Cticus p felonia fugiens ad ecctiam, p immunitate ecctiastica optinend, si asserit se esse cti- cum, regnu no compellat' abjurare; set legi regni se reddens, gaudebit ecctiastica lifetate, juxta laudabilem consuetudinE regni haden9 usitatam.

The Answer. They that abjure the Realm so long Prottaion as they be in the Common Way, shall be in the of PerÇon* KingÕs Peace, nor ought to be disturbed of any š£c^urch Man; and when they be in the Church, their Keepers ln(j abjuring ought not to abide in the Churd. yard, except Neces- tbe Ralm. sity or Peril of Escape do require so. And so long as they be in the Church, [they shall not be compelled to flee away, but they shall have ÔJ Necessaries tor their Living, and may go forth to empty their Belly. And the KingÕs Pleasure is, that Thieves [or Appellors whensoever they will, may confess their Offences unto Priests ; but let the Confessors beware that they do not erroneously inform such Appellors.

ALSO It is desired that our Lord the King, and the X1- great Men of the Realm do not charge Religious Houses, or Spiritual Persons, for Corodies, Pensions, or so- t0 ^ unduly jouming in Religious Houses, and other Places of the charged with Church, or with taking up Horse or Carts, whereby Corodiet, ^ such Houses are impoverished, and GodÕs Service dl- Ptn*'on*' c' minished, and by reason of such charges, Priests and other Ministers of the Church deputed unto divine Ser.vice, are oftentimes compelled to depart from the Places aforesaid. The Answer. The KingÕs Pleasure is, that upon the contents in their Petition, from henceforth they shall not be unduly charged. And if the contrary be done by great Men or other, they shall have remedy after the form of the Statutes made in the Time of King Edward, Father to the King that now is. And like Remedy shall be done for Corodies and Pensions exacted by compulsion, whereof no mention is made in the Statutes.

ALSO if any of the KingÕs Tenure be called before their Ordinaries out of the Parish where they [con.tinue,4] if they be excommunicate for their manifest Contumacy, and after forty days a Writ goeth out to take them, they pretend their privilege, that they ought not to be cited out of the Town and Parish where their dwelling is; and so the King's Writ that went out for to take them is denied. The Answer. It was never yet denied, nor shall be hereafter.

ALSO It is desired that Spiritual Persons, whom our Lord the King doth present unto Benefices of the Church, if the Bishop will not admit them, either for Lack of Learning, or for other cause reasonable, may not be under the Examination of Lay Persons in the Cases aforesaid, as it is now attempted, contrary to the De.crees Canonical, but that they may sue unto a Spiritual Judge, (s) for Remedy, as right shall require. The Answer. Of the ability of a Parson presented unto a Benefice of the Church the Examination belongeth to a Spiritual Judge; and so it hath been used heretofore, and shall be hereafter.

ALSO if any Dignity be vacant, where Ele&ion is to be made, it is moved that the Eleftors may freely make their Election without fear of any Power Temporal, and that all Prayers and Oppressions shall in this Behalf cease. The Answer. They shall be made (ree accord.ing to the form of Statutes and Ordinances.

MOREOVER, though a Clerk ought not to be judged before a Temporal Judge, nor any thing may be done against him that concerneth Life or Member; nevertheless Temporal Judges cause that Clerks fleeing unto the Church, and paradventure confessing their Offences, do abjure the Realm, and for the same cause admit their Abjuration, although hereupon they cannot be their Judges, and so Power is wrongfully given to Lay Persons to put to death such Clerks, if such Per.sons chance to be found within the Realm after their Abjuration ; the Prelates and Clergy desire such Remedy to be provided herein, that the Immunity or Privilege of the Church and Spiritual Persons may be saved and unbroken. The Answer. A Clerk fleeing to the Church for Felony, to obtain the Privilege of the Church, if he affirm himself to be a Clerk, he shall not be compelled to abjure the Realm ; but yielding himself to the Law of the Realm, shall enjoy the Pri.vilege of the Church, according to the laudable Custom of the Realm heretofore used.

* they shall not be so straightened, but that they may have

1 4 dwell > to v/bom it property bc/onyrtb,

XII.

The King'a Tenant excommuni.cate not privileged.

XIII.

Examination of a Parson presented belongeth to a Spiritual Judge.

XIV.

Free Eleflion to Dignities of the Church.

XV.

A Cleric shall not be compelled to abjure.


XVI.

The Privilege of the

Church (hall not be denied to a Clerk becoming an Approver.

Appointment of Sheriffs, in the Exchequer.

Who shall be Sheriffs, and of what Estate they shall be.

ALSO, Notwithftanding that a Confession made be.fore him that is not lawful Judge, [thereof,1 *] is not sufficient whereon Process may be awarded, or Sentence given; yet some Temporal Judges, [though they have been instantly desired thereto, do not deliver to their Ordinaries, according to the Premisses, such Clerks as confess before them their heinous offences, as Theft, Robbery, and Murther, but admit their accusation, which commonly they call an Appeal, albeit to this reaped they be not of their Court, nor can be judged*] or condemned before them (3) upon their own Confes.sion, without breaking of the ChurchÕs Privilege : The Answer. The Privilege of the Church, [being demanded in due form by the Ordinary, shall not be denied unto the Appealour, as to a Clerk.4]

WE, Desiring to provide for the state of Holy Church of England, and for the Tranquillity and Quiet of the Prelates and Clergy aforesaid, as far forth as We may lawfully do, to the Honour of God, and emendation of the Church, Prelates, and Clergy of the same; ratifying, confirming, and approving all and every of the [Ar.ticles aforesaid, with all and every of the Answers made and3] contained in the same, do [grant6] and com.mand them to be kept firmly, and observed for ever : Willing and granting for Us and our Heirs, that the foresaid Prelates and Clergy, and their Successors, shall [use, execute, and pra&ise 7] for ever the Jurisdiction of the Church in the Premises, after the Tenour of the Answers aforesaid, without quarrel, inquieting, or vexa.tion of Us or of our Heirs, or any of our Officers whatsoever they be. T. R. at York, the xxiv. day of November, in the tenth year of the Reign of King Edward, the son of King Edward. (8)

1 of the person confessing,

* with respeS to Clerks who in this Matter are not suhjeQ to their Jurisdiction, but confessing before them their heinous Offences, as Thefts, Robberies, or Murders, do admit them to that Accusation against others, which commonly they call an Appeal, and do not after the Premises deliver such Clerks so confessing, accusing, or making Appeal, to their Prelates, although they be tUreto sufficiently required, albeit they cannot be judged

3 even

4 shall not be denied unto an Appellor, who is demanded in due form as a Clerk, by the Ordinary.

- Answers aforesaid, and all and every the things

6 for Us and our Heirs, grant the same 7 exercise

B By the King and Council.

Item qÕmqÕm confessio, corn iHo qui no est judex confitentis, no teneat nec sufficiat ad fariendu pcessum, vel sentenciam pferend, quida tamen seculares Judices, cticos, qui de foro suo in hac pte no exisrunt, reatus pprios & enormes, ut puta furta, roberias, & homici- dia, cora eis confitentes, admittunt ad accusacoem aliop, qua ipi coiter vocant appellu, iposq, sic confitentes, ac- cusantes seu appellum facientes, n5 libant p>latis eoj post p>missa, qsqÕm sup hiis fSint sufficient3 requisiti, licet cora eis eciam p confessions pp'am judicari vel condempnari nequeant, absq, violacoe eccliastice libtatis: Responsio. Appellatori, in forma debita, tanq1 ctico p ordinariu petito, libtatis eccliastice beneficiu no negatur.

Nos, desiderantes statui ecclie Anglicane, & tÕnquil. litati & quieti jplatop & deri p>dcfoj>, quaten9 de jure potim9 pvidere, ad honorem Dei, & emendacbem status dee ecctie, & plato^ & deri p>d£oj, omes & singulas responsiones pklcfas, ac omia & singula in eisdem responsionibj contenta, radficantes & appro- bantes, ea p nobis & fcedibj nris cocedim9, & pPcipim9 imppetuu inviolabili? observari; Volentes & conce. dentes, p nobis & hedib} nris, qd pdei plati & clerus, & eo£ successores, imppm in pmissis jurisdicoem ecdiasticam exSceant, juxta tenore responsionu pdfaj; absq, occone, inquietacoe, vel impedimento nn vel he- dum nfo£, seu ministrop nostrop quopetiq,. In cujus &c. T. R. apud Ebor xxiiij. die Novembr Anno ltegni Reg E. fit E. decimo. (a)

p ipm Rege Sc consilift.

(a.)Thisis the Date referred to at the End oftheStatuteioEdvr.il. That Statute is entered on the Back of Membrane 33 of the Statute. Roll immediately following this Statute of 9 Edw. II. j and is also entered on Membrane 33 of the Patent Roll 10 Edw. II.

gitatutum 3UncoIn\ lie flUtcecomfttbs.

The STATUTE of SHERIFFS *

Statute the Second.

FORASMUCH as our Lord King Edward, Son to King Edward, at his Parliament holden at Lincoln in Quindena Hilarii, in the Ninth Year of his Reign, by the Information of his Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men of the Realm, being summoned to the same Parliament, and also by the grievous Complaint of the People, did perceive great Damage to be done to him, and great Oppressions and Disheritances to his People, by reason unsufficient Sheriffs and Hundreders have been before this Time, and yet be in the Realm ; Our Lord the King intending to eschew such evil Oppres.sions and Disheritances, by the Assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Estates aforesaid, hath ordained and established in the said Parliament, That the Sheriffs from henceforth shall be assigned by the Chancellor, Treasurer, Barons of the Exchequer, and by the Justices ; and in the Absence of the Chancellor, by the Treasurer, Barons, and Justices: and that none shall be Sheriff, except he have sufficient Land, within the same Shire where he shall be Sheriff, to answer the King and his People j and that none that is Steward or Bailiff to a great Lord shall be made Sheriff, except he be out of Service, [so that he may'] attend to execute the Office of a Sheriff for the King and his People; (Õ).

1 tut that he be such that he be able entirely to

* and that the Chancellor, Treasurer, Barons, and Justices

shall do and assign in maimer aforesaid, without haring other

regard.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turn Lond. m. }J-.

POR ce q nre SeignÕ le Roi Edward, fiz Ie Roi Edward, a son plement a Nicole, a la q'nzeme de la Seint Hiller, lan de son regne neuf, p demon- straunce des Prelatz. Contes, Barons, & autres g*ntz du Roiaume, somuns a cel plement, & p grevouses pleintes del poeple, entendi gÔntz damages estre faitz a lui, &c trop griefs oppWons & desheritaunces a son poeple, p la reson q meins suffisantz Viscontes & Gar- deins des Hundredz ont esre avant ces houres, & un.core sont en dit Roiaume; nfe seign' le Roi, voillant escheure teux maux opp>ssions & desheritances, del assent des Prelatz, Contes, Barons, & les g*ntz avant- ditz, en son dit plement, p'vit & establi q V.scontes- desoremes soient mis p le Chancellier. le Tresorier, & les Barons del lescheqer, & p les Justices; & en absence del Chauncett p le I res, Barons, & Justices r Si q nul ne soit visconte sil neit Pre suffisaument, en meisme le Contee ou il sra Visconte, por respondre au Roi & au poeple; et q nul q soit seneschal ou Baillif de g*nt seign' seit fait Visconte, sil ne oste de autre svise, Mes tiel le seit q de tut puise entendre al office de visconte faire, pr le Roi & p' le poeple; &.q Chauncett, Tres, Barons, & Justices facent& met- tent en la maSe avantdite, sanz autre regard aver.,

¥ These Titles are from the Printed Copies and Tranllations : Nc Title appears on the Roll.


H J.ZM315-16.

9 Edw. II. Stat. 2. dc Vic.

175

be-

XH

ice

tve

dr

as

ÔSt,

ch

a

or

o-

he

cd

no

ch

he

3

g.

ir-

m.

ton

ia-

rrs

of

(È>

trr tn,

Item q'mqÕm confess, cou 4

cenhtentis, no temUttwikalsA Li.ve! sento*'Ñ

uO icrnt nee v&

vel senlencum ffeend, qidi umat t

(Scot, qui de foro uio m \ac ft m pprios & eno*"'"

ioto ,uo 'š j|{ jj .

PPHC *C enormes, utputsf^^ ¥K corieis confix, ^unl^ Vi iji cSter vacant appellu,^^

cusantes seu appellum (admits, no '

post pimissa, q'q'm sup hiis fuint sufidea hcet corn eis eciam p confsocnc ^ ¥ condempnari nequeant, absq, nola&Çct^, Responsio. AppeUatori, in forma dthn, ^ ordmariu petilo, libutis ccdanataUf Nos, desiderantes status ecclie litaii & quieti pdito} & dtri ^4^^ potiiu9 pvidere, ad honotem Da, Sr ess status d£e eccfie, & pdito} k deii singulas responaones p*d£as, ac oiia k s eisdem responsioniba contents, radheants k bantes, ea p nobis 8t tiediby tms cWm',1 imppetuu invioiabilit obsemri; Voieaes k dentes, j> nobis 8c hedibj nm,qd pda pkaat k eof successor, imppm in ptaissis pc ecdiasticam exSceant, juxta tenotc respensai absq, occont, inquieucoe, vtl impeding e dum nroj, seu ministro} nostro} quopq. 1 Jcc. T. R. apud Ebor xxiiij. die Norembi to Re5 E. fil p E- decimo. [a)

0 pipmRepkn

^donM^Uofd*^^14^

^ Wctcomitfbi

SHERIFFS.*

£x maptt Rot. Stat. in Tnn.Ldap JOR ce q nre Sei/?n'le RoiEdvciaik L Edward, a son plement a !tkok,iiia : la Seint Hiller, Ian de son rtgntanf fits raunce des Prelatz. Contes, Barnes, 4 mfs i Roiaume, somuns a cel planent, It p pa eintes del poeple, entendi g*nrz damp srri hi, & trop griefs oppssionsh desherimsaii >eple, p la reson q meins suffisantz Vkoaotfir ins des Hundredz ont este arani ceshouro, f * re sont en dir Roiaume; nfe sags' k U, & cheure teux maux oppssiom & dairies-' sent des Prelatz, Contes, Barons, A Its (to* Iz, en son dir plement, pÕrit & esiili soremes Çoienr mis p le Chincelh. k Iš8 les Barons del lescheqer, it p la sence del Chaunceff p le Ires, Barons kjf> q nul ne suit visconte sii nerr ire eisme le Contee ou il 'sra Vismnie, por ši: Roi it au poeple; et qnul qsoittf51' lillif de g^nt seign' seit hit Viscxtc,È x *' tre svise, Mes tie! le seit cj tie tit fi* * office de visconte hire, p' le RuiP q ChaunceH, Tres, Barons,tcJ*K*lli!SÔ; if en la mante avantdne, sanz aÇK Ž

He Title *PPe*rt ¡¡

En meisme la mafle est accorde & establi, q les I Hundredz le quel qil soient au Roi ou as autres, soient gardez p gentz covenables eantz tre suffisau- ment en meisme le Hundred, ou en le Countee ou le Hundf sra: et si ascuns Viscountes ou Hundreders soient a ceo meins suffisantz, soient tantost remuetz,

& autres covenables mis en la forme avantdite; 8c q les hundredz soient lessez 8c bailletz a tieux gentz a renable [foer,1] issint qil ne coveigne pas qil facent extorsion sur le poeple, p' trop utrageouse ferme; 8c q nul Visconte, ne Hundredor, ne bailie a autre son office a garder a ferme, ne en autre man!e; & q les execucions des briefs, q vendroint as viscontes, soient faites p les hundredors conus 8c juretz en plein Contee, 8c nemie p autres, sil ne soit en g'nt defaute ou notoire destorbance des hundreders; 8c adonqes soient faites p autres covenables, & juretz; issint q le poeple puisse saver a qi seure tieles execucions; save tuzjours re.tom des brefs a ceus q les ont, 8c aver deivent.

\R Vic Ebor saltm. Mittim9 tibi quoddam statutu in pliamento nro apud Lincoln editii de forma consti- tuendi Vicecomites & Ballivos Hundredop, He de aliis articul in eodem statuto contends, sigillo nfo cosig- natu, pcipientes qd statutu illud in pleno Com tuo legi, publicari, & in offubj articulis suis, q*ntum ad te ptinet, firmi? 8c invioiabilit fail observari, T.R. apud Ijncoln xx. die Febr anno See. nono.

Con5 Ire dirigunt' singut Vicecorn p Angt.

Et fait a remembrer q meisme lestatut fu seale souz le g*nt seal 8c maunde as Tresorer 8c Barons del Eschekier, & auxint as Justices de lun Bank 8c de lautre, de fermement garder en tuz ses pointz.

' ferme Old Printed Copies.

And in like Manner it is agreed and established, W*10 ,tÕ*b that Hundreds, whether they btlong to the King or to other, shall be kept by convenient and able Persons, H^'dred*. that have sufficient Land within the same Hundred or Shire where the Hundred is: [and that the Chancellor,

Treasurer, Barons, and Justices shall do and assign in

Manner aforesaid, without having other Regard .'J

And if any Sheriffs or Hundreders be insufficient at this Hundred

Time, they shall be removed, and other more conve-

nient [put in their rooms j1] and that such Hundreds be ^ui not'd*

leased and bailed to such Persons for a reasonable Rent, OiBÇ.

so that they need not to use Extortion upon the People

by reason of too outragious Ferm; and that no Sheriff

nor Hundreder shall lease his Office to any other in

Ferm or otherwise; and that the Execution of Writs By whum

that come to the Sheriffs, shall be done by the Hun- V^srcwtion^of

dreders sworn and known in the full County, and not

by other, if it be not (!) the open Default or notorious

Disturbance of the Hundreders; and then Execution

shall be done by other Persons meet and s *orn, sj that

the People may know to whom to sue such Executions ;

saving always the Returns of Writs to them that have

them, or ought to have them.

The King to the Sheriff of York, Greeting. We send you a certain Statute made in our Parliament at Lincoln, concern.ing the form of appointing Sheriffs and Bailiffs of Hundreds, and concerning other matters in the said Statute contained, sealed w.th our Seal; commanding you that the said Statute in your full County you do cause to be read, published, and in all its Articles, so much as to you belongeth, firmly and invio.lably to be observed. Witness the King at Lincoln the twen.tieth day of February in the ninth year of his Reign.

Like Letters are directed to the several Sheriffs throughout England.

And Be it Remembered that che same Statute was sealed under the Great Seal, and sent to the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer, and also to the Justices of the one Bench and of the other, to be firmly kept in all its points.

* Omit this Sentence here. Õ appointed, in theform aforesaid |

l in cate of

Anno 10¡ EDWARDI, II. A.D.1316.

t>e statuto pÕ Clero tnPtolabfKtÕ obsÕPaD.*

Of inviolably observing the Statute for the Clergy.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. 33. d.

TT) Omibj ad quos, &c saltm.'] Sciatis qd cum LlY. ce'ebr memorie dris E. quondam B. Angt par nf, In p'mo pliamento suo apud Westm anno regni [nn'] trio, in? ce?a, que ibidem p emendac6e status populi regni sui, 8c p t'nquillitate & quiete Prelatop 8c Cleri dfi regni ordinavit, statuisset qd null us blada aliqua triturare, 8c ea vel viftualia aut aliqua alia bona Prelatop, Religiosop, Re£to<> ecctiap, aut aliop de clero, sub colore empebis vel alio modo quociicjy, in.fra villam iScatoria vel ext*, nec eciam equos, boves, plaustra, careftas, naves, aut batellos suos, ad cariagia aliqua inde facienda, cape, asportare vel abduce p'su- nJet, corn* voluntate illoj q¡£ forent, vel custodu eopdem; et qd si quis de voluntate illop aliquod hujusmodi faeÕet, statim inde satisfa?et illis sedm qd conveniri continget in? eos; et simili? qd omes qui cont* p'missa vel aliquod illop venirent, 8c inde con- vi£ti fuissent, prisone regie adjudicarent', & exinde ÇCdm qualitatc 8c modu delidi, 8c put Cur regie ex- pediens visum fuisset, redifient'; et qd si illi, quibj

1 Edwardus Dei gra Rex Angt, Dns Hibn, 8c Dux Aquif; Omibj ad qilos psentes litSe pvenit, Saltm. Exempt. Wellent.

* sui Rot. Pat: Exempt. Wellens.

rJ'HE King to All to whom, &c. Greeting. Know Ye That WheTeas the Lord Edward of famous Memory, some.time King of England, our Father, in his First Parliament at Westminster in the Third year of his Reign, among other Things which he there ordained for amending the condition of the People of his Realm, and for the ease and quiet of the Prelates and Clergy of the said Realm, did enact Ò That no Man should presume to thrash Corn, nor to take, carry, or drive away the fame, nor any Viftuals nor other Goods of Pre.lates, Men of Religion, Reftors of Churches, or of others of the Clergy, by colour of buying or otherwife, within Market Town or without, nor their Horses, Oten, Waggons, Carts, Ships, nor Barges, to make Carriage against the will of them to whom the things belonged, or of the Keepers of the same; and that if any should do any such thing by the Assent of the Party, then incontinent he (hould pay, according to the Cove.nant made between them; and alfo that all they that should offend against the Premises or any of them, and thereof be attainted, should be committed to the King's Prison, and pay a Fine thereupon, according to the quality and manner c. the Trespass, and as it should seem expedient unto the KingÕs Court; and that if they to whom such Trespass were done

Recital of Provisions in Stat Westm I 3 Edw / Co I

nr'.pe&ing Purveyance on the Clergy.

¥ This Title it in the Margin of the Statute Roll : and also Chureh of WelU.' 'in^thT OH Printed Coni- of the Statutes, it

S SSi, KSTfiota. >** <*È - - Ñ¥*È ÑÑ - *. TÒvÓ * *¥

Reign. See page 174, note (a) [ and page 176, note A


Complaint of the non- observance of the recited Provisions.

Confirmation of the said Provisions.

would sue against such Trespassers, the Damages which t)iey might sustain should be awarded and restored to them to the double; and the Trespassers should nevertheless be punished in the form aforesaid; and that if any-wse against whom a Trespass should happen to be done, contrary to the Form of the Statute aforesaid, would not sue against such Trespassers, nevertheless our said Father should have his Suit against the aforesaid Trespassers, as for a thing committed against his Commandment and against his Peace ; and that our said Father would direft Inquiries to be made from year to year, as he should think expedient, what persons might have committed any such Trespass : And further that all those who should be imlitted by such Inquests should be attached and afterwards be distrained by the great Distress to come into the Court of our said Father at a certain Day, containing the Space of a Month ; and that if they should not come then, they should be distrained again by the like Distress, to come into the KingÕs Court at a certain Day, containing the Space of Six Weeks : And that if they should not come then, they should be judged as attainted, and be bounden at the Suit of our said Father, to yield double Damages to those who had received such Hurt orDamage; and that nevertheless they should make grievous Fine at the King's Pleasure, after the manner and quantity of their Trespass: Ó as in the Statute aforesaid is more fully contained : And afterwards in the time of our said Father, and likewise in our time, since we have undertaken the government of our Realm, in divers Parliaments both of our Father and ourself, on behalf of the Prelates and Clergy of the aforesaid Realm, grievous Complaints have been pre.ferred, alledging that Sheriffs and other Officers of our said Father in his life-time, and also our Officers in our time have not at all observed the aforesaid Statute ; and that they, not weigh.ing in aught or fearing the aforesaid Penalties, expressed as it is premised in the said Statute, the Com, Victuals, and other Goods, and likewise the Horses Oxen, Waggons, Carts, Ships, and Barges of the Prelates and others of the Clergy, as well within Sanctuary as without, by colour of their Offices and otherwise at their will and pleasure, against the will of the said Prelates and Clergy, and the Keepers of fuch Things and Goods, have taken and driven away; Whereupon the said Prelates and Clergy have many times earnestly besought us to grant them a remedy: We, for the honour of God, and for preserving the Peace and Tranquillity of the Church of Eng.land in time to come, willing that the Statute aforesaid, which was made by our said Father and the whole common Council of his Realm, as it is rehearsed, although it should have been hitherto less fully observed in some or other of the Articles therein contained, should nevertheless be inviolably observed in all things henceforth for ever, do grant and stri&ly command for Us and our Heirs, that no Sheriffs or other Officers of Us or our Heirs, or any other Person what.soever, do presume to thrash any Corn, and the fame or any other Vittuals or Goods, or elfe Horses, Oxen, Waggons, Carts, Ships, or Barges of Prelates, Men of Religion, Rettors of Churches, or of others of the Clergy, under colour of buying or otherwise, in Market-Towns or elsewhere, against the will of the Owners or Keepers thereof to take, carry, or drive awa y, or by occasion thereof to make any Extortion upon any Man, under all and singular the Penalties abovesaid; and that all and singular Persons who shall offend in the Premises, without any excuse whatever, shall be subjett to the Penalties aforefaid : And that all and singular the Officers of Us and our Heirs, that is to say, every of them so far as it may belong to him by reason of his Place, shall upon such as do contrary hereto, execute the Penalties aforesaid ; and that they who shall happen to be committed to Prison for such cause shall not be delivered out of the fame without the especial Command of Us and our Heirs. In Witness whereof, &c. Witnefs the King as above, (a)

By the King and Council.

(a) See Page 174, note a.

in aliquo phnissop t*nsgressum foret, 9sus t*ngressores hujusmodi sequi vellent, datnpna que eos sustinere contingfet eis in duplu adjudicarent' & restituerenf, et Cnsgressores in forma pUcfa nichilomin9 punirent'; qdq, [&Ô] forsitan aliquis, cui corn* forma statuti pddi t*nsgredi contingfet, corn* transgressores hujusmodi se.qui nollet, nichilomin9 dcus par nr corn* tÕnsgressores p>dc?os settam sua, tanq*m de re cont* phibicoem & pace suam fSa, heret; et qd idem pa? nr de anno in annii inquiri fac?et, put expedire videret, qui aliq'm tÕngressione hujusmodi comisissent: et insup qd omes illi qui p tales inquisicSes indiciati essent attachiarent1, & postmodu ad veniendQ in Cur dci pris nri ad certu diem, unius mensis spaciO continente, p magna distric- coem distringlent'; et qd si tuc no venirent irato dis- tring?ent'p consimilem districc&em, ad veniendu in Cur regia ad Vminu sex septimanap spaciu continente; et qd si tuc no venirent, tanq* convitti judicarent', k dampna in duplu, illis qui dampna ilia recepant, ad settam dci pris nri reddere tenent'; et qd nichilo.min9 sedm inodu & q*ntitatem t*nsgressionis ipop ad voluntate regiam g*vi? reditSent'; put in statuto pdJo plenius continet': ac subsequen?, tempe dci genitoris nri, & simili? tempe nro postqÓm suscepim9 regimen regni nri, in di-Psis pliamentis ipius patris nri 8c nns, ex pte prelatop, & cleri regni f?dci g*ves pposite fuis- sent querimonie, continentes qd Vicecomites 8c alii Ministri dci pris nri du vixit, nec no Ministri (Õ) tempe nro, statutu p>dcm nullaten9 observarunt; set qd ipi penas pMcas, in dco statuto ut pmittitur expressas, no ponderantes in aliquo seu timentes, blada, victualia 8c alia bona, & similir equos, boves, plaustra, carettas, naves et batellos, Prelatop & aliojs de clero, tarn infra scuariu qÔm ext*, sub colore officiop suop 8c alias p eop libito voluntatis, cont* dcop Prelatop 8c cleri ac custodii rep 8c bonop hujusmodi voluntate, ceperunt 8c abduxerunt; sup quite} dci Prelati 8c clerus remediu sibi fieri sepius cu instancia supplicarunt: Nos ad ho- nore Dei, 8c p pace 8c tÕnquillitate ecclie Anglicane futuris tempib} observand, Volentes qd statutu pdem, quod p dun prem nrm 8c lotu oSe consilium regni sui editu extitit, ut est d£m, q'mvis in aliquib} vel aliquo artictop in ipo contentop hattenus minus plene fuit observatu, nichilomin9 imposteru ppetuis tempib; invio- labili? in oinib} observed, concedim9 8c fir mi? {Pci- pi m9, p nobis & teedib} nns, qd nulli vicecomites aut alii Ministri nnA vel heredu nrop, seu alius quicuq^ blada aliqua triturare & ea vel aliqua alia vittualia, vel bona, aut eciam equos, boves, plaustra, carettas, naves seu batellos, Prclatop, Religiosop, Rettop eccliap, vel aliop de Clero, sub colore empeois, vel alio modo. in villis nicatoriis aut alibi, contra voluntate illop quop fSint vel Custodu eopdem, cape, asportare, vel abdu?e, aut eciam occone ilia extorsione aliqÕm ab aliquo fac?e psumant, sub omib} 8c singiis penis supÕdcis; et qd ofiies & singti cont* pmissa venientes absq^ excusacb# quacuq^ penis subjaceant anteddis ; qdq> oiiies 8c sin.gti ministri nri 8c hedum nrop, quilibet videlicet ipop quaten9 ad ipum racione otheii sui po?it ptinere, in hujusmodi contÕvenientes penas exCceant antedcas; et qd illi quos prisone ea occone [convittiJ] contiglit, ab eadem no deliberent' sine nrer 8c hedu nrop mandato spali. [Incui9&c. T. R. ut sup*.4]

p ipm Rege 8c consiliu.

1 si Rot. Pat: Exempt. Wellrns. ' nri Rot. Pat.

> comitti Rot. Pat: Exempt. Weltens.

t l In cuj9 8cc.T.R apud Ebo} xxiiij. die Novembr. Rot.Pat.

I In cujs rei testimoniu has tras nras fl fecims patentes. Teste me ipo apud Ebo^ vlcesimo quarto die Novembr anno regni nri decimo. Exemplif. Wellent. wherewith MS. Cott. Claud. D. II; several other MSS. and the OldPrinted Copies agree.


.Pro

t

uUJusmoÇli sen, -f 1 forÈ 2

CN

rMPÇoÇ, k ÒplÒ Ò^Òftarmr s,

^iwn.gV Òwiw^

PlcÇ suam fca a ( ^ de Çtout1 <&.*''

LaTr*š1 M, .È

SKi^SSfi

*5: * ** Çi,x ,5 .^ .*Ç*****£*£

(.Ç(*.** regm Dn> m dlªs pliamentij ipius ^ if U Ç pte prelato^, & den regni j)d5

sšt. 9uerin>¡nie, continentej qd Vicecoiaia k i Mmistri dfi pns nri du vixit, ntc no Minim nro, statutu p>dc<m nullaten9 obsmwiSJdi penas pdcas, in dfo statuto ut p*mimtar tq^j ponderantes in aliquo seu timentes, bUqtft^i alia bona, & similir equos, boves, plioan, sa naves et batellos, Prelatop & alioj de dm, nil siluariu qÕm exi*, sub colore officioj sw|44| cop libito voluntatis, com* dcoj Prelaw i fct custodu rejs & bonop hujusmodi volume, ctpsl abduxerunt; sup quite dci Prtliri it denu rao sibi fieri sepiuscu instancia supplicant!: Ml norc Dd, it j> pace k t*nquillitate eedit tea futuris tempibj observing Volentes qi anci m quod p dim prem nrm & totu % consilium ess editu extitit, ut est dim, qÕmvis in aliquib, vd da articfojs in ipo contentoji hadenus minui plexs observatu, nichilomin9 imposteru ppetuis loA* labili? in oinib5 observe!', concedim5 & fini p pim9, p nobis & lSedib} nm, qd mil alii Ministri nfi, vel heredu nroj, seu Aft blada aliqua triturare & ea vel aliqua ala bona, aut edam equos, boves, pUustra, careda.-. seu batellos, Prelate^, Religioso?, Redo?^: aliox deClero, sub colore empeois, vel &+. villis mcatoriis aut alibi, contra volunute ijj tint vel Custodu ÇyfcÈ. cape, aut eciam occbne ilia extorsionf j

plsumant, sub omibj & srngtu pÈ *£*- omes & singti cont* fPmissa vemente niacuQi penis subjaceant antedfii; W

.ojusmodi

MU ['ÒÒ'9to *Ò?È#ÈÇ*

>£k&

>uR* P*: <a

.my-frjz:}#

:Ète me ipo ÈPÇd Eg,|/ pjL. ,

Anno 12¡ EDWARDI, II. A.D.1318.

statutu CboracÕ,

The STATUTE of YORK.*

Ex magno Rat. Slat, in Turr. Lond. m. 32.

PUR ceo qe plusurs gentz du Roialme DengletVe, & de la ?re Dirlaunde, unt einz ces houres soventefeth soffert tneschefs & desheritesons, par en- cheson de ceo qe en ascun cas ou defaute de lei fust, remedie ne fust ordene; & aussint p' ceo q as- cuns pointz des estatutz avant faitz avoient mestier desclarsissement: Nre Seign' le Roi Edward, fiz au Roi Edward, desiraunt plenere dreit estre faite a son poeple, a son plement a Everewyk, as tres simoignes de seint Michel, lan de son regne duszisme, par as.sent des Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & la coaute de son reaume illoeqs assemblez, fist les establissementz, & les estatutz qe sensuent, les queus il veut q en le dit roialme & en la dite tre soient fermement tenutz.

En primes pur dieses meschefs, qe unt estez de ceo q les tenantz en assises de novele dissele ne poeint avant ces houres fere attorne; Accorde est q les te.nantz en brefs de novele dissele desore puissent fere attomez. Et nentent mie le Roi p tant q les tenantz & les defendantz, en assises de novele dissele, ne puis.sent pleder p baillif com avant soleient, sil voillent.

Et ensement acorde est, q qant Chartre, quite cla- maunce, aquitance, ou autre escrit, seit dedit en la Court le Roi, en queus soient tesmoignes nomez, seit pees fait de fere venir les tesmoignes, com avant ad este usee: issint q sil ne veignent a la gÕnt destresce sur eus ret'nee, ou q ret'ne seit qil ne unt rien, ou ne sont trovez, q adonk ne seit lessee la prise de len- queste p absence de tieux tesmoignes. Et si les tes.moignes veignent p la g¡nt destresce, & lenqueste p ascune encheson remaigne a p'ndre, seit mesnie le jour done a ceus tesmoignes q issint vendront, qest done a lenqueste pndre ; A queux jour si tieux tesmoignes ne veignent, soient lour issues sur eux primes ret'netz forfeetz, & la prise de lenqueste ne remaigne par lour absence. Et pr absence des tesmoignes, qe sont des franchises, ou brief le Roi original ne court mie, ne seit la prise de tiele enqueste lesse.

Et com il seit contenu en lestatut fait a Westm, le secund jour Daveritt lan du regne Edward pere nre Seign' le Roi qore est vint septime, q les enquestes, & les reconisaunces, devant Justices de lun Bank k de lautre ajugez, fuissent prises devant ascun des Justices des places, associe a li un Chivaler du Counte ou les enquestes sreient a f?ndre, si les enquestes ne fuissent de g"nt examinement; & q en tieles enquestes ^ndre fust fait sicom les Justices verroient q fust a fere, au pfit du Roialme; Le quel estatut ad bo- soigne des? meuz declare : Acorde est q les enquestes & Juretz, q sont 8c ?ront a pWlre en pleez de ?re, qe ne sont mie de g*nt examinement, soient prises en pays devant une Justice de la place ou le pie est, associe a li un pdhome du pays, Chevaler ou autre, Issint q ctein jour seit done en Bank, & c?tein jour & leu, en pays, en p'sence des pties, si demaundaunt le prie.

FORASMUCH as divers People of the Realm of England and Ireland have heretofore many Times suffered gTeat Mischiefs, [Damages,] and Disherisons, by reason that in some Cases where the Law failed, no Remedy was ordained; and also forasmuch as some Points of the Statutes heretofore made had Need of Exposition: Our Lord King Edward, Son to King Ed.ward, desiring that full Right be done to his People, at his Parliament holden at York, the third week after the Feast of Saint Michael, the Twelfth Year of his Reign, by the Assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and the Commonalty of his Realm there assembled, hath made these Adis and Statutes here following, the which he willeth to be straitly observed in his said Realm and Land.

FIRST, For divers Mischiefs that have been, because Tenants in Assise of Novel Disseisin might not make Atturnies heretofore: It is agreed that the Tenants in Assise of Novel Disseisin from henceforth may make Atturnies. Yet the King intendeth not hereby that the Tenants and Defendants in Assises of Novel Disseisin should not plead by Bailiffs, if they will, as they have used to do heretofore.

ALSO It is agreed, That when a Deed, Release, Acquittance, or other Writing is denied in the KingÕs Court, wherein Witnesses be named, Process shall be awarded to cause such Witnesses to appear, as before hath been used ; so that if none of them come at the great Distress returned, or if it be returned that they have nothing, or that they cannot be found, yet the taking of the Inquest shall not be deferred by the Ab.sence of such Witnesses. And if the Witnesses do come in at the great Distress, and the Inquest for some Cause remaineth untaken, the Witnesses that come in shall have like Day given them as is assigned for the taking of the Inquest; at which Day, if the Witnesses do not appear, the Issues that were first returned upon them shall be forfeit; and the taking of the Inquest shall not be deferred because of their Absence. And for Absence of Witnesses, dwelling within Franchises where the KingÕs Writ original doth not lie, the taking of an Inquest shall not be omitted.

AND Where it is contained in a Statute made at Westminster the second day of April, in the xxvii. year of the Reign of the KingÕs Father that now is, that Inquests and Recognisances [taken Õ] before Justices of the one Bench and of the other, should be taken before any Justice of the [Places Õ] [accompanied withJ] some Knight of the Shire where such Inquests hap to be taken, if they have not need of great Examination ; and that in such Inquests the Justices shall do as they think most expedient for the wealth of the Realm ; the which Statute needeth to be better declared :

It is agreed, that Inquests and Juries that be and shall be taken in Pleas of Land, that require not great Examination, shall be taken in the Country before a Justice of the [Place*] where the Plea is, [accom.panied with!] a substantial Man of the Country, Knight, or other, so that a certain Day be given in the Bench, and a certain Day and Place in the Country, in the presence of the Parties, if the Demandant request it.

1 determinable * Courtt

5 liert being auociatc ivitb him * Court

¥ Tbeie Titlei tre from the Printed Copies and Translation!. No Title appears on the Roll.

L

Tenants in Novel disseisin may make Attorney.

Pleading by Bailiffs.

II.

Inquests shall not be delayed by the absence of Witnesses to Deeds.

III.

Inquests determinable in the

Benches, may be taken in the Country. [ See Slat, of Finn,

2 7 Ednu. I.

ti. 4.]


178

12¡ Edw. II. Stat. Ebor. c. 3Ñ6.

^¥¥0.1318

iv.

Justices of Nisi Prius may record Non-suits, Defaults, &c,

Assises of Darrein Presentment &c. [See Slat. IVetlm. I, tb. 30.]

V.

Returns in Liberties shall be made by Indenture between the Bailiff and the Sheriff.

Sheriffs and Bailiffs shall set their Names to their Returns.

VI.

No Officer keeping Assise of Wine and Victuals shall merchandize therein during his Office.

And also the Inquests and Juries, in Pleas of Land that require great Examination, shall Be taken in the Country, in the Manner abovesaid, before two Justices of the Bench:

AND the Justices or Justice shall have power to re.cord Nonsuits and Defaults in the Country, at the Days and Places assigned, as afore is said. And that which they shall have done in the things above mentioned, shall be reported in the Bench at a day certain, there to be inrolled, and thereupon Judgement shall be given. And the King intendeth not, that the said Inquests and Juries should not be taken in the Bench, if they come, nor that this Statute should extend unto great Assises. And also one Justice of the one [Place1] and of the other, [being associate with Õ] a discreet man of the Coun.try, Knight, or other, at the request of the Plaintiff, shall take Inquests upon Pleas pleaded and to be pleaded, that be moved by Attachment and Distress, and shall have power to record Nonsuits as above is said, and to take Inquests upon Defaults there made. And as to (Õ) the Inquests to be taken upon Writs of Quare Impedit, it shall be done as is contained in the Statute of Westminster the Second; and the Justices shall have power to record Nonsuits and Defaults in the Country, and to give Judgement thereupon, as they do in the Bench, and [there to report that which they have done, and there to be inrolled.*] And if it happen, that the Justice or Justices that shall be assigned to take such Inquests in the Country, do not come, or [if they come5] into the Country at the Day assigned, yet the Parties and Persons of such Inquests shall keep their Day in the Bench.

AND Because it is many times complained in the KingÕs Court [upon Returns, that6] Bailiffs of Franchises, having full power to return the KingÕs Writs, have de.livered to Sheriffs, [that have been7] after changed, and otherwise returned into the KingÕs Court, to the great Damage of some of the Parties and the Delay of Right; It is agreed that of Returns which hereafter shall be delivered to the Sheriffs by Bailiffs of such Franchises, an Indenture shall be made between the Bailiff of the Franchise by his proper Name, and the Sheriff by his proper Name. And if any Sheriff change the Return so delivered to him by Indenture, and be thereof convift, at the Suit of the Lord of the Franchise, of whom he received the return, if the Lord have had any Damage, or if his Franchise be imblemished, and at the Suit of the Party that hath sustained Loss through that occa.sion, he shall be punished by the King for his false Return, and shall yield unto the Lord and to the Party double Damages. Also It is agreed, that from hence.forth Sheriffs, and other Bailiffs that receive the KingÕs Writs returnable in his Court, shall put their own Names with the Returns, so that the Court may know [of whom they took such Returns,8] if need be ; and if any Sheriff or other Bailiff leave out his Name in his Returns, he shall be grievously amerced to the KingÕs Use.

ALSO to the common profit of the People, It is agreed, That no Officer in City or in Borough, that by reason of his Office ought to keep Assises of Wines and Viftuals, so long as he is attendant to that Office, shall not merchandise for Wines nor Victuals, neither in Gross nor by Retale : And if any do, and be thereof conviCt, the Merchandize whereof he is conviCt shall be forfeit to the King, and the third part thereof shall be delivered to the Party that sued the Offisiaer, as the KingÕs Gift. And in such Case he that will sue [for a thing so forfeited,6] shall be received: And the Chan.cellor, Treasurer, Barons of the Exchequer, Justices of either Bench, and Justices assigned to take Assises, shall admit such Plaints by Writs, and without Writs, and shall determine them, and shall perform all things con.tained in these Articles in form abovesaid. And never.theless the King may assign his Justices to execute this Thing in Cities and Boroughs, when and where it pleaseth him.

1 Bench * there being associate with him

1 Assisces of Darrein Presentment, and

4 and that which they have done shall he reported into the Bench, and there be inrolled. 5 come not

6 that Returns, which 1 hasve been

* who are answerable for such Returns, 9 to obtain such thing.

Et ausi les enquestes & Jurez en plai de tVe, qe de- maundent g*nt examinement, soient prises en pays, en la fourme susdite, devant deus Justices du Bank : et eyt la Justice ou les Justices poer a recorder non- sutes & defautes en pays, as jours & lieus q €ront assignez, com desus est dir. Et ceo qil avW fait, en les choses susdites, seit reporte en Bank a jour done, & illoeqs enroule, & de ceo jugement rendu. Et nentent mie le Roi q les dites enquestes & Jurez ne pussent estre prises en Bank, si eles veignent, ne q cest estatut sestent a g*nt assises. Et ausi une Justice del un Bank & de lautre, associe a lui un pdhotne du pays, Chevaler ou autre, a la requeste du pleintif, pigne les enquestes des pledz, pledez & a pleder, q sont meuez par attachementz & destresces, Et eyt poer de recorder les nonsutes, com desus est dist, & pndre les enquestes par defautes illoeqs faites. Et qant a les assises de drein p>senl, & les en- questes sur bref de Quare impedit pndre, seit fait com il est contenutz en le secund estatut de Westm; Et eyt la Justice poer de recorder nonsutes, & de.fautes en pays, & sur ceo jugement doner, com en Bank, & seit reporte en Bank ceo q il afa fait, & illoeqs seit en roule. Et si issint aveigne q les Jus.tices ou la Justice q €ront ou sra assigne de pren.dre tieles enquestes en pays, ne veignent pas, ou ne veigne en pays au jour assigne, jadumeyns les parties & les gentz del enqueste gardent lour jour en Bank.

Et pur ceo q sovenere pleinte ad este faite, en la Court le Roi, q les ret'ns, q Baillifs des Fraunchises, q unt pleyn retÕn des Briefs le Roi, unt lifez as viscontes, a p's unt este chaungez, & en autre manere refnez en la Court le Roi, a g*nt damage des ascuns des pties, & en delayance de droit'e; Acorde est q des ret'ns, q desore se ferront as viscontes p baillifs des tieles fÔunchises, seit faite endent'e plenere, entre le Baillif de la f "unchise, nome p son ppre noun, hr le viscounte nome p son ppre noun. Et si nul vis- counte chaunge ret'n issint life a li p endent'e, & de ceo seit atteint a la suite le Seign' de la fraun- chise dont il afa tiel ret'n resceu, si le Seign' av*a damage encoru ou sa fraunchise seit enblemie, Sc ala sute de la partie q ava damage encorue p cel enche- son, seit puni de vers le Roi com de faus ret'n, & rende au Seign' & a la ptie damage a double. Aussint est acorde q desore Viscontes & autres Baillifs q resceivent brefs le Roi, ret'nables en sa court, met- tent leur ppres nouns ove leur ret'ns, issint q Court puisse savoir a qi p>ndre des deux ret'ns si mestier seit; et si nul visconte, ou autre baillif, en ses ret'ns entre- lesse son noun, seit grevement aiQcie al oeps le Roi.

Ensement por comun pfit du poeple acorde est q nul ministre, en Cite ne en Burgh, qi p reson de son of.fice deit garder assise des vins & des vitailles. tant com il €ra entendaunt a tiel office, ne marchaunde des vins ne des vitalles, en gros ne a retail. Et si nul face, & de ceo seit atteint, la marchaundie dount il €ra ateint seit forfaite au Roi, & la fee pde seit life, com de doun le Roi, a celi a qi sute le trespassour €ra issint ateint. Et en tieu cas seit resceu celi q vodra sure por tieu chose ateindre : Et Chaunceller, Tresorer, Barons del Escheker, Justices del un Bank & de lautre, & Justices assignetz as assises p*ndre, res.ceivent deux pleintes, p brief & sans bref, & les tmi- nent, & pfacent totes les choses contenues en cest article, en la fourme avantdite. Et jadumeyns put le Roi assigner ses Justices a ceste chose pfere en Cites & en Burghs, qant & la ou il plerra.


£bor.

re-

iy*

ch

.i,

to

:n.

nd

w,

es.

he

in-

ill

all

to

')

St.

'er

nd

;h,

nd

he

ch

ey

he

eir

he

È>

e-

K

i

P,

Ihe

F

so

p>

he

t,

of

2-

SC

Çy

*.

ft

m

Ç

id

in

ie

El ana \es cnqueies kjura a

mmdcnt £al r>'~'

^mmraais,nun ytÈ

en \i fovirme susdtte, dcnni 4b#

tl ql da yiWtt o\i \È fasten i WT.

sates ti delates en Ñ-

r"> ÔKaie^

en VJftU

asagnex, com desus eft &. h % ^ en \es choses suites, sell itpnt È emouk, k it-

Jont. & dlo

Et naÈent mie 1, n 7 Ò * Ço ne Pnssent . 1 ÕÇ *8

J? Watat ÒaentTjC ££ * ÔÔ"W

& pndre lej ^ 0n,ut£lÕ coš da# . i r, Ia šqÇestes pi, dfr 7*i

Et V* È les assises .Th' ¥*? ^

1ueÇÇ 8ur bref de 0 d ^ ^4k.

p V u Jgsfe d

X\>54È - %

lÇ pate dd OKpiafcprien, loT^Çk

f'PÈrcÈ,ãããplãKljottiwii

* 1 h ? Wft dsBrtrt

ap* urn ate chaungez, i en aunt bub, * Ò ll Court k š*i, a g*nt damage da fties, & en delayance de droife; Acorde s j* ret'ns, q desore se ferront as ristona j des tieles funchises, sat bite mdattpltnx le Baillif de la funchise, none p son an

le viscounte nome p son ppre noun. Ends counte chaunge ret'n issint lire a li j oka de ceo seit atteint a la suite le Sejjn'dtik chise dont il ara del ret'n rtsceu, a le Sap'?; damage encoru ou sa fnunchise seit enblest, is sute de la parrieqava damage enwrap id si son, seit puni de vers le Roi com de Has nil rende au Seign' & a la ptie damages double it est acorde q desore Viscontes it autrs Mij resceivenf brefs le Roi, ret'nabla en a oft* tent leur ppres nouns ore leur retÕns, iant 5 Cx puisse avoir a qi ptodre des deux ret'ns si use* et si nul risconte, ou autre baillif, en h trtc lesse son noun, seit grevement arode al oqÈ s b Ensement por comun pfit du poeple acofdf *j' enCite ne en Burgfl, qi p rewa deÇ

leã garder assise des ms i det Ç& s

il Vra entendaunt a riel office, ne marchš-Õ

Ñ Ñ . ivliiL Et I*

mimstre,

dee ddt girder assise

a net omcc

des viallcs, en gm> ue a red &

'*Ò> - o

seit ittdnt, la mtdm&iti icrfiite au Roi, ScL tapei le Roi, 1 cell 1 f sure It is*

set i*š5Õ

com vins ne

dice, & de ceo sra iteint seit forfiite tu I

com de doun ~ -

fl_ . .

sra jss/nr iteint. ___

vodn sure por tieu chose iteinik: Et Qtec

Tresorer, Birons del Eschder, Jims Msh & de hutre, Sc Justices issignetz as mejw?., ceivent deux pleintes, p brief & mbit!, it1 item, Sc pheent totes les doses article, en la fourme avmtditt Et jdtflS1 Roi assigner ses Justices 1 cesteck U,J Sc en Burghs, qant Sc la ouil plcm

A.D. 1318.

12¡ Edwards, II.

ditcis & fideliby suis Henrico le Scrop, & sociis $uis, Justic nns ad ptita coram nob tenenda assign, Saftm. Quedam statuta p nos, in psenti pliamento nro apud Eboj covocato, de assensu Prelatojs, Comitu, Baronu, & tocius coitatis regni nn ibidem existenciu, ad coem militate populi ejusdem regni edita, vob mit. tim9 sub sigillo nro consignata ; Mandantes q*tenus statuta ilia cora vob publicari, & ea in oibj & singt suis articut, quantu ad vos ptinet firmi? teneri, fad. T.^r apud Eboj> p'mo die Decembr. p ipm Rege.

Le Roi au Viscounte deverwyk, saluz. Come nad- geres, entre autre estatutz faitz a nre drein plement a Everwyk, feussent accordeez & faitz les establissementz q sensuent; Por ceo q sovenere pleinte ad este faite en la Court le Roi &c. ut sÒ usq^ in fine; Vo9 coman- dons q les ditz pointz, ensi establiz, facetz publier, en vre plein Countee e en Cites e en Burghs, & aillors en vre baillie, ou vous verretz qil soit afaire, & les teignetz & gardez tantqs come a vo9 apent, sur les peines susecrites. Donez a Everwyk le oytisme jour de Janevoir.

Eodem modo mand est singut Vicecom p Angt.

Dfa statuta postmodu missa fuerut in Hibn, ut in bri subscripto continet'; et libata fuerut Godefrido fit Rogi, una cu d£o bri deferend.

Be Cancettar suo Hibn, saftm. Quedam statuta p nos in pliamento nro nup apud Eboj covocato, de assensu platoj, Comitu, Baronu, & tocius Coitatis regni nri, ibidem existenciu, ad coem utilitatem populi ejusde regni, ac tYc nre Hibn edita, vob sub sigillo nro mittimus cosignata, mandantes qd statuta ilia in dfa Cancellar nra custodiri, ac in rotulis ejusde Can- cellar irrotulari, & sub sigillo nro quo utimur in Hibn in forma patenti exemplificari, & ad singulas placeas nras in tra pdfa, & singulos Comitatus ejusde Ire, mitti faf, p bria nra sub dfo sigillo ; ministris nris places^ illaj, & vicecomitib} dfo^ Com, mandantes qd statuta ilia coram ipis publicari, & ea in omit>3 & sin.gulis suis articulis, quantu ad eop singulos ptinet, firmi? fac ob^vari. T. Reg apud Clarindon x. die Septembr anno Sec. quartodecio. p ipm Reg.

(a) ^ Cancellar suo Hibn, saftm. Quedam statuta p nos de assensu Prelatop Comitu, Baronu, & Coitatis regni nri nup apud Lincoln, & quedam alia statuta postmod apud Ebop, fca, que in dca ?ra nra Hibn, ad coem utilitatem populi nri ejusdem ?re observari volum9, vob mittim9 sub sigillo nro ; mandantes qd statuta ilia in dfa Canf nra custodiri, ac in rotulis ejusdem Cancellar irrotulari, & sub sigillo nro quo utimr in Hibn in forma patenti exemplificari, & ad sin.gulas placeas nras in ?ra p>dea, & singulos Com ejus.dem tre, mitti faf p bria nra sub dfo sigillo j Ministris nris placeap illa$, & vicecom dfojs Coin mandantes qd statuta ilia cora ipis publicari, & ea in oibj & sin- gut suis articulis, q*ntu ad eop singulos ptinet, firmi? faf observari. T.J& apud Notyngft xx. die Nov.

p ipm Rege.

The King to his well beloved and trusty Henry Scrope, and his Fellows, our Justices assigned to hold Pleas before Ut, Greeting. Certain Statutes, by Us, in out present Parlia.ment called at York, with the assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and of all the Commonalty of our Realm there being, for the common weal of the People of the said Realm, made, We do send to you, signed under our Seal; Commanding that the same Statutes before you, you do cause to be published j and the tame, in all and singular their Articles, as much as to you belongeth, to be firmly held. Witness the King at York the First day of December. By the King himself.

The King, to the Sheriff of York, Greeting. Whereas late among other Statutes made at our last Parliament at York, the Establishments following were aecotilcd and made; Ò Because it is many times complained in the King's Court, See.Ó [Chapter V. of preceding Statute ] as above to the End ; We do command you that the said Points so established, you do cause to be published in your full County Court, and in Cities and Towns, and elsewhere ill your Bailiwick, where you shall see meet to be done j and that you do keep and observe the same, as much as to you belongeth, on the pains above written. Given at York the Eighth day of January.

In the same manner it was commanded to every Sheriff throughout England.

The said Statutes afterwards were sent into Ireland, as is contained in the Writ underwritten, and were delivered to Godfrey Fitz Roger with the said Writ, to be carried thither.

The King to his Chancellor of Ireland, Greeting. Certain Statutes, by Us, in our Parliament lately called at Fork, with the Assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and the whole Commonalty of our Realm there being, for the common weal of the People of the said Realm, and of our Land of Ireland, made, We do send to you signed under our Seal 1 Commanding that the same Statutes you do cause to be kept in our Chan.cery aforesaid, and in the Rolls of the same Chancery to be in- rolled, and under our Seal which We use in Ireland, in form Patent to be exemplified ¥, and to every out Courts in the Land aforesaid, and into every County of the same Land, to be sent, by out Writs under the said Seal; Commanding our Officers of those Courts and the Sheriffs of the said Counties, that the said Statutes before them they do cause to be published, and the same in all and singular their Articles, as much as to every of them belongeth, to be firmly observed. Witness the King at Clarendon the tenth day of September, in the Fourteenth year See. By the King himself.

The King to his Chancellor of Ireland, Greeting. Certain Statutes, by Us, with the Assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and Commonalty of our Realm, lately at Lincoln, and certain other Statutes afterwards at York, made, which We wiH should be observed in our said Land of Ireland, for the com.mon weal of the People of our said Land, We do send to you under our Seal; Commanding that the same Statutes you do cause to be kept in our said Chancery, and in the Rolls of the same Chancery to be enrolled, and under our Seal, which We use in Ireland, in form Patent to be exemplified, and to every out Courts in the Land aforesaid, and into every County of the same Land, to be sent, by our Writs under the said Seal j Commanding our Officers of those Courts, and the Sheriffs of the said Counties, that the said Statutes before rhem they do cause to be published, and the same in all and singular their Articles, as much as to every of them belongeth, to be firmly observed. Witness the King at Nottingham the twentieth day of November. By the King himself.

(a) Thi, Writ is also entered in the Red Booh of the Exchequer at Dublin, fo. 33, preceded iy Ç Memorandum, and followed bj the Statute of Sheriffs, 9 Edw. II. and the Statute of York, 12 Edward II. in the following Form :

Memorand qd q*rto die Maii, anno regni Reg Edwardi filR.E. decimo septimo, dns . . . mandavit Cancellar suo Hibn, quedam Statuta apud Lincoln Sc Eboj. edita, & ca in cade publicari Sc observari fcepit, p bre qd scqu.f in h verba. Edwardus Dei gfa Rex Angt, Dns Hibn, Sc Dux Aquif Cancellar suo Hibn [&c. In the Words of th, last Wnt on the Tower Roll.] T. me ipo apud Notingh'm xx die Novembr, anno r. n. decimo septimo. P 'Pm Regem 8c Consiliu.

Then follows an Entry of the said Two Statutes at length.

179


( ISO )

Anno 14¡ EDWARDI, II. A.D. 1320.

statutum flXIestmÕ tiff.

The STATUTE of WESTMINSTER; the Fourth.*

Concerning Acquittances by Sheriffs.

pORASMUCH as among other Oppressions and Griev.ances, which the People hath felt by Sheriffs and other Ministers, against the Form of the Statutes and other Remedies therefore provided, they have felt themselves much grieved, by this, that some Sheriffs and other Ministers do not acquit, at the Exchequer of our Lord the King, those of whom they have levied Money for the KingÕs use by Summons of the Exchequer, and whereof they have made Tally to the Debtor, or other Acquittance ) and by this, that in Juries of twenty-four the Process hath been tedious} as hath been shewn to our Lord King Edward, Son of King Edward, at his Parliament at Westminster on the Ocflave of St. Michael, in the Fourteenth year of his Reign, by the Complaint of the Commonalty of his Realm: Our Lord the King desiring to provide and apply Remedy, for the Profit of his People j by the Assent of the Prelates, Earls, and Barons, and all the Com.monalty of his Realm, in the said Parliament, hath made and established the Statutes following:

(') Of the Sheriffs and other Ministers, which gather the Debts of the King, and make Tallies and other Acquittances to the Debtors, yet do not acquit them in the Exchequer, and of the same are impleaded in the Exchequer, and by favour are put to little Issues, which they will rather leese then come to answer, and so are the Plaintiffs always charged, to their great Da.mage and Oppression: It is ordained and established, that [the Sheriffs and other Ministers, when they are Õ] impleaded in the Exchequer, [are so far gone in PleaJ] that the great Distress is returned against him, and he cometh not to answer, then shall go forth another Writ of Distress returnable at a certain Day, in which Writ it shall be commanded that Proclamation be made in the full County, that the Defendant come at such a Day, and acquit the [Debt 4] of the Sum for which he made the Tally or Acquittance; at which Day if the Defend.ant come not, and the Writ be returned and Procla.mation certified, he shall be holden for convift, and the Debt taken of him, as Debt recovered in the KingÕs Court, and Damages awarded to the Plaintiff, according to the Discretion of the Barons. And this Statute shall extend as well to those which [weres] Sheriffs and other Ministers, [that let to lease6] their Bailiwicks, as to Sheriffs and other Ministers [which hold their Bailiwicks themselves.7] And it is not the intent of our Sovereign Lord the King, nor of his Council, [nor by this Sta.tute, no man Òj shall be forbidden, but that they may complain of Sheriffs and other Ministers when they shall be found in the Exchequer, and that they shall answer there, as hath been reasonably used before this time.

* Firtt; * when the Sheriff or other Minuter is hereof

t and it hath been to far proceeded in the Plea,

* Debtor 3 have been 6 although they have left

7 ,0 long ae they hold their Bailiwuht.

* that by this Statute any man

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 33. d.

PORCEO q entre autres opp>ssions & grevaunces, q le poeple ad sentu p Viscontes & autres Ministres, countre fourme des statutz, & autres remedies de ceo p'veus, il se sent mult greve, de ceo q ascuns Vis- countes, & autres Ministres, ne aquitent mie, al Es- cheker nre Seign' le Roi, ceux des queux il ount leve deners al oeps le Roi p somons del Escheker, & dount il ount fait taille al dettour ou autre acquitaunce; Et de ceo q en jurez de vint & quatre le pees ad este long; sicome monstre fust a nre Seign' le Roi Ed.ward, fiz le Roi Edward, a son plement a Westmonster as utaves de la Seint Michel, lan de son regne qua- torzisme, p pleinte de la Comune de son roialme: nre Seign' le Roi, desiraunt p'veer & mettre remedie au pfist de son poeple, p assent des Prelatz, Countes, & Barouns, & tote la Comune de son Roialme, en dit plement, fist & establist les estatutz q sensuent.

Adeprimes, des Visconts & autres Ministres q ount leve la dette le Roi, & fount taille ou autre aquitaunce au dettour, & ne laquitent pas al Escheker, & de ceo sont empledez al Escheker, & p favour sount mys as petites issues, queux il voillent plus voillentiers pdre q venir a respons, & issint sont les pleiritifs totes voyes chargez, a mult g*nt damage & oppWon de eux; Ordene est et establi, q Visconte ou autre Ministre, qÒnt il est de ceo enplede al Escheker, & soit si avaunt ale en le pie q la gÔnt destresce soit retÕne sur lui, & il ne veigne pas a respons, adonqes isse autre brief de destresce, ret'nable a <?tein jour, en queu brief soit maunde q pclamacion soit faite en plein Countee, q le defendaunt veigne a teu jour, k aquite le dettour de la sume dount il fist taille, ou aqui.taunce ; a queu jour si le defendaunt ne veigne pas, & bref soit ret'ne & pclamacion tesmoigne, soit tenu p' convift, & la dette leve de lui, auxi come dette recovi en la Court le Roi, & damages agardez au pleintif, solom descrecion des Barons. Et doit cest estatut estendre auxi bien a ceux q ount est ez Vis- countes, & autres Ministres, tut lessen til lour baillies, come a Viscontes & autres Ministres, taunt come il tenent lour baillies. Et nest mie lentencion de nre Seign' le Roi, ne de son counseil, q p cest estatut, seit nul home forclos, qil ne se puisse pleindre sur Vis- counte, & autre Ministre, q"nt il sra trove al Es.cheker ; & qil respoignent illoeqs, auxi come ad este use renablement devant ceo temps.

¥ In the Printed Copies this Statute is variously intituled ; Ò Statutum Westm. iiij. de V lcecomitibus & aliis de viridi cera.Ó Ç Statutum Westm. 4. de Attin&is.Ó Ò A Statute for Sheriffs and Green Wax.Ó Ò A Statute of Attaints and Green Wax.Ó Ç A Statute concerning Jurors.Ó


AD. 1320.

14¡ Edw. II. Stat. Westm. 4. c.2.

181

HDI. II.

a-D-133D.

šÇtm' ((((, SªINSTÇ; tb, f

th*

PExm*P¡R¡t.Stct.inTun r,

e ad sentu p Visconte b ^ countre founne des

pÕveus ji > * a*res rant^ i

P eus> 11 K Knt mult mve a. counte,> & autres Ministres. È

Ôhckcr nrc Seip,' Je Rof^ ***** ^gn ie k¡i, ceux des quaaj-.

* *4

long; sicome monstie fust a n?e Seign'kJjt wd, fiz le Roi Edward, i son plant Ç utaves de la Seint Michel, Ian de son rsg ^ torzisme, p pleinte de la Cornune it n m nre SeignÕ le Roi, desiraunt pÕveer !t metnttss au pfist de son poeple, p assent des Prekz, Gw; & Barouns, & tote la Comune de son RJn; dit plement, fist k esublist les estatutz n he Adeprimes, des Visconts & autres Mmsieii leve ia dette le Roi, k fount taille ou autrca^cm au dettour, k ne Iaquitent pas al Meter, i is sont empledez al Escheker, k p favour sotat bh pedtes issues, queuz il voillent plus votlfep tj venir a respons, & issint sont les pleini Here chargez, a mult g*nt damage !t oppssion de a, Ordene est et establi, q Visconte ou autre Has qÔnt il est de ceo enplede al Escheker, k scs avaunt ale en le pie q la g*nt destresce aw lui, & il ne veigne pas a respons, adonqes iaea: brief de destresce, retÕnable a <U pur, if brief soit maunde q pclamacion soil ikejt Countee, q le defendaunt veigne a teu jour, kw le dettour de la sume dount il fist taille, ou ip taunce; a queu jour si le defendaunt * if* & bref soit retÕne & pclamacion tesmm'gne, as p' convifl, & la dette leve de lui,andš2

recovl en la Court le Roi, & pleintif, solom descrecion des Barons, t

estatut estendreaundbbaceuxq^

counted autres Ministres,,. to come a Viscontes & autres š

tenent Jour baillies.

SeignÕle Roi, ne de son counsel, If .

nul homefordos, qilnese p^^j,

counte, & autre Mmistre, q^ cheker ; & qil respoignent illoeqs, aÈ

use renablementdevant ceo temps.

^ Statuteof

Des pees escoureer en jurez de vint & quatre; p' ceo qe p la ley cea enarere use, Justices nalerent point as teles jurez p*ndre, avant ceo q touz les primers jurours, q furent en vie, eussent apparu devant eux en Court, et tieux jurours, dotauntz estre ateintz, vo- leient miels pdre lour issues q apparer en Court, p quei les pleintifs furent trop delaiez, & faux dement rerement puny; Ordene est et establi, q si les primers jurours, q €ront en vie, ne apiergent pas en Court, devant les Justices q sront assignez as tieux jurez prendre, a la prinie g*nt destresce sur eux retÕne, ou q ret'ne soit qil ne ount rien p quei il pussent estre destreint, q adonqs pÕ lour absence ne soit pas delate la prise de la jure; Sauvee & gardee, en totes autres choses, le pees en deles jurez use cea en arere.

Jib diicis & fidelib} suis Hen? le Scrop & sociis suis, Justic nris ad piita coram nob tenend assign, Saitm. Quedam Statuta, p nos in pliamento nro apud Westm in oftabis Sci Michis pxio ptitis convocato, de assensu plat op, Comitu, Baronu, & tocius Coitatis regni nri ibidem existenciu, ad coetn militate populi ejusdem regni edita, vob mittim9 sub sigillo nro consignata ; Man- dantes quaten9 statuta ilia coram vob publican, & ea in oinibj & singulis suis articulis, q*ntu ad vos pdnet, firmi? teneri fac. T.R. apud Westm iiij. die Junii.

Eodem modo mand est subscripts videft;

JustiS de Banco.

Thes & Baron de Sc*cio.

CONCERNING [Process to be awardedÕ] in Juries of Twenty-four, because that by the Law hitherto used, the Jusrices have not taken such Juries undl all the first Jurors which were alive did appear before them in Court, and those Jurors doubting to be attainted, would rather loose their Issues than appear in Court, by means whereof the Plaintiffs were greatly delayed, and false Oaths seldom times punished ; It is therefore ordained and established, that if the first Jurors which shall be living, appear not in Court before the Justices which shall be assigned such Juries to take, at the first grand Distress upon them returned, or that Return then be made, that they have nothing whereby they may be distrained, that then by their absence [there be no delay made of the Jury observing in all other things the Process in such Juries heretofore used.

THE King to his well beloved and trusty Henry Scrope and his Fellows, our Justices assigned to hold Pleat before Us, Greeting. Certain Statutes, by Us in our Parliament assembled at Westminster in the O&ave of St. Michael last past, with the Assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and all the Commonalty of our Realm there being, to the general weal of the People of the said Realm, made, We do send to you sealed under our Seal; Commanding, that the said Sta.tutes you do cause to be published before you, and the same in all and singular their Articles, as much as to you belonged], to be firmly kept. Witness the King at Westminster the Fourth day of June.

In the same manner it was commanded to the underwritten;

viz.

The Justices of the Bench.

The Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer.

Ô tie shortening of Process * the taking of the Jury be not delayed ;

Anno 15¡ EDWARDI, II. A.D. 1321 & 1322.

cBjriltum $ugonte le SDespens?Õ patrts et filtf .*

The EXILE of HUGH LE DESPENSER Father and Son.

Ex Rot. Claus. 15 Ed. II. m. 14, in Cedula.

AL Hon' de Dieu & de Seinte Esglise & de nre SeignÕ le Roi, & au pfic de lui & de son roialme, e a pees & quiete meintenir en son poeple, & p' mein- tienement del estat de la corone, lui mustrent plafz, Countes, Barouns, & les autres piers de la 9re, & Co.mune du Roialme, countre Sir Hugh le Despens le fitz & Sir Hugh le Despens le piere; q come le dit Sir Hugh le fitz, a plement a Everwyk, fust nome e as.sentu destre en loffice de Chaumfeleyn nre Seign' le Roi, de svir en cel office come affereit; a queu plement fust auxint assentu q Steins p>latz, e autres grauntz du Roialme, demurreient ps du Roi p sesouns del an pr mieux conseiller nrc Seign' le Roi, santz qusux nul grosse bosoigne ne se dePoit faire, le dit Sir Hugh le fitz, attret a lui Sir Hugh son pere, q ne fust nient assentu ne acorde en plement a demurer ensi ps du Roi, e entre eux deux acrochaunt a eux real poer sur

rTO the Honour of God and of Holy Church, and of our Lord the King, and for the profit of Him and hit Realm, and for maintaining Peace and Quiet among his People, and for the Preservation of the Estate of the Crown ; the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and the other Peers of the Land, and the Com.monalty of the Realm, shew unto Him, against Sir Hugh le Despenser the Son, and Sir Hugh le Despenser the Father; That Whereas the said Sir Hugh the Son at the Parlia.ment of York was named and assented to be in the Office of Chamberlain of our Lord the King, to serve in such Office as it appertained thereunto j At which Parliament it was also assented to, that certain Prelates and other Great Men of the Realm should remain near the King for certain seasons of the year, for the better counselling of our Lord the King, without whom no weighty business should be done ; the said Sir Hugh the Son drew unto him Sir Hugh his Father, who was not assented to nor accorded in Parliament, to remain also near the King; and, between them both, accroaching to themselves Royal Power over

* This Award of Exile was first printed in Secunda Pars Veterum Statutorum 153a : It is inserted in AIS. Cott. Claud. D. II, and in many other Manuscript Colle£lions of Statutes: It is now printed from a Schedule annexed to the Close Roll of this Year, intituled in the Margin ÇÇ Revocacio 8c adnullacio pcessus corn* Hugone le Despen? seniorem 8c Hug le Despen? juniorem hiti.Ó The Injuries done to the Despensers, are there detailed ; this Award of Exile is recited at length, as made in the Parliament summoned at Westminster in three Weeks after the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, in the beginning of the Fifteenth Year of this Reign ; the Errors in the said Award are alleged, and the Award is declared to be annulled by the King with the Assent of Parliament. This Judgement in Parliament is noticed in the Statute for revoking the Pardon granted to the Pursuers of the Dispensers, printed in page 185, Sec. from the Statute Roll.

VoL. I.

3 A


ir.

Of June* of Twenty four.

Proceedings in the Parliament at York,

11 Ed. II.

Accroaching of Royal Power by the Despensers.

Bill made bjr the Despeniera, for restrain.ing the Power of theCrown.

Their with.drawing the King from his personal Duties.

Refusing Intercourse between the King and his Nobles.

Removing

of good Ministers and Justices ; and appointing others.

lmlidiing certain Peers and others.

the King, his Ministers, and the Guidance of his Realm, to the Dishonour of the King, the Impoverishment of the Crown, and the Destruction of the Realm, of the Great Men, and of the People, they committed the evil Deeds under-written, in compassing to estrange the Heart of our Lord the King from the Peers of his Land, so that they might have between them two, the sole Government of the Realm.

IN the first place, That Sir Hugh le Despenser the Son was despiteful against the King, and upon that Despite made a Bill, upon which Bill he desired to have in alliance Sirjohn Giffard of Brymmesfeld, Sir Richard de Grey, and others, for the pur.pose of leading the King by violence to a£l according to his will, so that nothing was remiss in him that he had not ac.complished it. The Tenor of which Bill follows underwritten. Ò Homage and the Oath of Allegiance is more by reason of the Crown, than by reason of the Person of the King, and it bindeth itself more unto the Crown than unto the Person; and this appears in that before the Estate of the Crown hath descended, no Allegiance is belonging to the Person ; where.fore if the King by chance be not guided by Reason, in right of the Crown, his liege Subjects are bound by the Oath made to the Crown to guide the King and the Estate of the Crown back again by reason, and otherwise the Oath would not be kept. Now were it to be asked, how they ought to guide the King ? Whether by Course of Law, or by Violence ? By Course of Law a Man will not be able to get Redress, for he will have no Judges but such as are the King's, in which case if the Will of the King be not according to Rea.son, he certainly will have only Error maintained and con.firmed ; Wherefore it bchoveth, in order to save the Oath, that when the King will not redress the matter and remove that which is hurtful to the People at large, and prejudicial to ,the Crown, it is to be determined, that the thing be re.moved by Violence, for He is bound by his Oath to govern the People and his Liege Subje&s, and his Liege Subjeds are bound to govern in Aid of Him, and in his Default.Ó

AND also by their Covin, and evil Practices, they led and evil counselled our Lord the King, so that, with respeft to his personal presence, which he ought in duty to shew to the Great Men and his People, and with respedl to the Favours and Right about which they requested him to answer them, he did nothing, except at the Will and Humour of the said Sir Hugh and Sir Hugh; at once withdrawing the King from his Duty against his Oath, and the Hearts of the Great Men and the Peojile from their Liege Sovereign.

ALSO they, the same Persons, by their false Covin would not suffer the Great Men of the Realm, nor the good Coun.sellors of the King, to speak with nor approach the King, in order well to advise him, nor the King to speak with them, except in the presence and the hearing of the said Sir Hugh and Sir Hugh, or the one of the two, and at their will, and according to their humour, and such things as they pleased ; estranging the Great Men and the good Counsellors of the King from their good will towards their Liege Sovereign, and accroaching to themselves Royal Power, Mastery, and Sovereignty over the person of the King, to the great Disho.nour and Peril of the King, and of the Crown, and of his Realm.

ALSO they, the same Persons, for the purpose of succeed.ing in their wicked ends and desires, to the Disherison of the Great Men of the Land, and the Destruction of the People, removed the good and sufficient Ministers who had been appointed by Assent, and of their covin put in false and evil Ministers, who would not suffer Right to be done; and Sheriffs, Escheators, Constables of Castles, and others in the KingÕs Offices, neither suitable to the King nor to the People; and caused to be appointed Justices not learned in the Law of the Land, to hear and determine things touching the Great Men and the People of the Realm, such as the said Sir Hugh the Father, Sir Ralph de Basset, Sir Ralph Camoys, and Sir John Inge, and others their special allies and sworn friends; and by the covin of such Ministers and their false procurers and favourers, they wrongfully caused to be indited by false Jurors of their alliance the Peers of the Land, that is to say, the Earl of Hereford, Mr John Giffard of Brym.mesfeld, and Mr. Robert of Mohaut and other good Men

le Roi, ses Ministres, & le guiement de son Roialme, a deshon' du Roi, enblemissement de la corone & de*. truccion du roialme, des g*ntz & du poeple, & fesoient les malveistees southescrites, en cumpassaunt de es- loigner le quoer nre Seign' le Roi des piers de la ?re, pr avoir entre eux deux soul govViement du Roialme.

En p'mes cj Sir Hugh le Despens le fitz fust corouce dev's le Roi, & sur ceo curouce fist une billc, sur la quele bille il voleit aver en aliiaunce de f Joh*n Giffard de Brymmesfeld & Sir Richard de Gray & dautres, de aver mene le Roi p aspte a faire sa volume, issi q en lui ne remise mie qil ne le eust fait. La tenur de la bille sensuist southescrit. Homage & 9ment de ligeaunce est plus p resoun de la Corone q p resoun de la psone le Roi, & plus se lye a la Corone q a la psone; & ceo piert q avant q lestat de la corone soit descendu, nule ligeaunce est a la psone regardaunte; dount si le Roi p cas ne se meigne p resoun, en dreit de la Corone, les liges sont liez p sment fait a la Corone de retnenir le Roi & lestat de la Corone p reson, & autrement ne sroit point le sinent tenuz. Ore fait a detnaunder content lem deit mener le Roi, ou p sute de lei, ou p aspte; p sute de ley ne lui poet home pas redrescer, car il navoit pas Juges, si ceo ne soit dep le Roi, en quieu cas si la volentie le Roi ne soit acordaunte a resoun, si navW il forsq, errour meintenu & conferme; dount il covient pr le ÕSment sauver, q qÒnt le Roi ne voet chose redrescer, ne oster qest pr le comun poeple malveise & damagouse & pÕ la Corone, ajuger est q la chose soit oste p asprete, qil est lie p son Sment de governer le poeple & ses liges, et ses liges sont lyes de govW en eide de lui & en defaute de lui. '

Et ausint p lour covine & malveistees menerent & mal conseilleront nre Seign' le Roi, siq, sa p>sence, quele il doit de son dever monstrer a les g*ntz e a son poeple, e a les g*ces e droit q eux lui requerreient re- spoundre, ne le fist point forsq, a la volume e a la taille les ditz Sir Hugh fk Sir Hugh; en ostaunt le Roi de scon dever contre son Sment, & les quoers des grauntz & du poeple de lour Seign' lige.

Auxint meisme ceux p lour faus covine ne soeffri- rent pas les gÔntz du Roialme, ne les bons Conseillers le Roi, pier ne approcti au Roi pÕ lui bien conseiller, ne le Roi pier a eux forsqs en la p'sence & Ioy les ditz Sir Hugh & Sir Hugh, ou lun de eux, & a lour volentie & solonc lour taille, & chose qil voleient; en rebotant les g*ntz, & les bons conseillers le Roi de leur bone vo- lente vers lour Seign' Lige, & acrochaunt a eux real poer inestrie & soveinete sur la psone le Roi, a g*nt deshon' & pil du Roi, de la Corone & de son Roialme.

Aussint meismes ceux pr atteindre a lour malveistes & coveteises, a deshitaunce des g'ntz de la tre & de- struccion du poeple, osterent bons & covenables Minis.tres q furent mis p assent, & mistrent autres faus & malveis de lour covin, q ne soefrirent droit estre fait; et Viscountes, Eschetours, Conestables des Chasteux & autres en les Offices du Roi, nient covenables pr le Roi ne p' le Poeple ; & fesoient mettre Justices nient conis- santz en ley de 9re, doier & 9miner les choses to- chauntz les g'ntz & le poeple du Roialme, sicome le dit Sir Hugh le pere, Sir Rauf Basset, Sir Rauf de Camoys & Sir JohÔn Inge, & autres lour alliez & jurez especialment; & p covine de tieux Ministres, & lour faus peurous & fautours, fausement fesoient enditer p faus jurours de lour aliiaunce les piers de la tre, cest asavoir, le Counte de Hereford, monf Joh'n Giffard de Brym.mesfeld & monf Rob' de Mohaut & autres bons gentz


lln H Ip I)

5S5sjf/)e^er,&Ci

¥ill, I of or. his se.en, of lit

ath

Te-

ght

ide

wn

¥pr.

the

By

he

ich

ea.

rn-

,th,

3re

rial

re-

in

are

*e ^oi, ses Minisu-es &,

de8h¡n' du Roi ÕH

Ñtxvbletttu uc ^ uuccion du io\i\me, dÇ

\t% milvtkees mksems, m ub^s^

\o\guet \e quoer we Sdpi' \e ^otie

p' avoir cure eux deux sod gmaotid^

Lit pÔ mts q Sit Hu$i \e Despais it lmta Ç- de^s \e Roi, it *>¥ Ñ

. - Ç>. Ñ .-ulXIfi

quele bilie i\ volar iver en ilidmctitl^ de BrpmcsWd it Sir Rickdde Gn^ aver metre \e Roi p aspte a hire avoW -¥ tte tertrnt mie qll ne le euu lau. U sensuisl sourhescrit. Romaje (t s

pet m

i

s

>1

Ñ uumagt <t Inal j. o'

-P^pnamkliCª,, *

>' ÈÇ, iplm

¥*Ñ

ÇÇne se meigne p resoun, en dreitde ht^, liges sent liez p Õsmew faita la Corone de rsc Roi & lent de la Corone praon,irmmSt:,| point le smew tenua. Ortfoidoafe, lem deit mener le Roi, ou p lutede lo,*,^ p sute de ley ne lui poet home pis rates, 3 navoit pas Juges, si ceo ne soil depkRoi,sa cas si la volentie le Roi ne soit acordiusteana,i navoit il forsq errour meintenu & conferaei iti covient p' le sment sauver, q q*nc le Roi stnea redrescer, ne oster qest p' le comun poeple sBbst damagouse & p' la Corone, ajuger estqladose oste p asprete, qil est lie p son Õsnot it pgi poeple it ses liges, et ses liges sont lyes de pr eide de lui it en defaute de lui. '

Et ausint p lour covine it malraaees tassi mal conseillerom nre Seign' le Rea, aq a p quele il doit de son dever tnonstrer aies^am poeple, e a les g*ces e droit q eur lui rayatu: spoundre, ne le fist point forsqiliTctetiij lesditz Sir Hugh & Sir Hugh; en ostausltln scon dever contre son 'sment, k les quoen tap it cu poeple de lour Seign' lige.

Auxint meisme ceux p lour faus com kb rent pas les g*ntz du Roialme, ne les bonsfcii

k Roi, pier neapprocfiauR^j*

|e Roi pier aeux foremen la pl*nct ,

Hugti & Sir Hugh, ou lun de era, & a

ãfrjÈ & soveinete sur la pš ¥ Poer meStm . , de la Corone it deš^

Aussint meismes P

& covereises, a desh.taunce ^

tres q furent mis p Õ

malveis de lour ^ ConÇt* *È'&

Viscountes, Esch > ^ cottfW1

aurresenb0^^]^^

5311,2 enies gÕnt^le chauntz les S ^ o2lJf Bart

0È!Ô Ò

iur0Ur5 Hereford, ^ leCountede Rob-dc Mohaut &JU

p coveitise daver lour tres ; & issint ceo q dust estre a la meintenaunce de la pees & des bons, & punissement des malveis, menerent a deshitaunce des g*ntz & des- truccion du poeple.

Auxint fausement & malveisement conseillerct nre Seignr le Roi daler as chivaux & as armes vers les pties de Gloucestr, & lui firent chivacher, & ses gentz armez en celes pties a coure sur ses bons gentz, contre la fourme de la g*nt chartre & lagard des piers de la 9re; & issint p lour faus & malveis conseills voleient aver meu guerre en la tre, a destruction de Seinte Esglise & du poeple pT lour querele ppre.

Ausint la ou le Counte de Heford & le Seign' de Wygemor p comaundement du Roi assignez daler de guerre sur Thlewelyn Bren, q fust leve encountre le Roi en Glamorgan, tantcome les tÕres furent en la mein nre Seign' le Roi p la morte le Counte de Gloucestr, le dit Thlewelyn se rendi a les ditz Seign's a la volume le Roi en sa grace, & ceux Seign" lui pniistrent bone gace, & sur tieu condicioun le receurent, & lui liferent a nre Seign' le Roi, & nre Seign' le Roi en tieu fourme lui receut; & puis tant come les ditz Seign's furent hors de tVe, les ditz Sir Hugh le fitz & fi Hugh le pere, qavoient acroche roial poer s'come desus est dit, pristrent le dit Thlewelyn & lui menerent a Kaerdyf, puis q Sir Hugh le fitz fust seisi de sa p'partie illoeqs, & p lour covine empnaunt jurisdiccion, la ou nul en ceo cas ne poeient p resoun aver, lui firent illoeqs treiner, pendre, decoller & quartroner felonousenient, p' chose faite en temps le Roi, & ensi p'pemaunt Roial poiair & jurisdiccion q appendeit a la Corone; en des.hitaunce de la Corone, & a deshon' de nre Seign' le Roi, & des ditz Seign' sde Heford & de Mortimer, & en malveis ensaumple & g*nt pil p cas en temps avenir. Et ausint malcounseillerent nre Seign' le Roi de prendre en sa mein les tres & les chateux fie Hugh Daudele le fitz, & le forjuggerent de ses tres, sauntz due pees solonc ley de tre, p covetise davoir accroche au dit Sir Hugh le Despens le fitz celes tres; & p autres faus compassementz compassa davoir les tres monfi Rog? Damory; p' aver atteint p tieux faux compasse.mentz al entier du Countie de Glouc, en deshitaunce des piers de la t re.

Aussint la ou nre Seign' le -Roi p ses ires patentes desouth son g*nt seal, en plein plement a Westih, g*nta a Counte de Warr, q si mort lui avensit, ses executours puissent aver ses tres tantq^ lage son heir, le queu g*nt puis la mort le dit Counte le Roi conferma, a son ple.ment a Nicole, a la requeste & p assent de piers de la tre, le dit Sir Hugh le pere, p meintenaunce, abette & peurement le dit Sir Hugh son fitz, fist nre Seign' le Roi repeler ceu fait santz enchesoun, & bailler au dit Sir Hugh le piere p' son ppre pfit la garde de meismes ceux tÕres, & issint defesaunt p lour malveis conseil ceo q le Roi lour aveit graunte en ses plementz, p son bon conseil & p assent des piers de la tYe ; a deshon' du Roi, & encountre droit & resoun.

Auxint meismes ceux ne ount pas suffert nre Seign' le Roi prendre renables fins des piers de la tre, & autres q sount entre son fee, auxicome ad este usee eintz ces hours, mes p' coveteise de atteindre a tieux tres, p poer real a eux accroche, ount fait mettre en tieux bosoignes noun dues empeschementz, surmtt- tauntz les tres estre forfaitz, come de monfi JohÔn de Moubray pr les Pres de Gower & des autres, a damage e deshon' nre Seign' le Roi, & countre la leide la tre,

through covetousness to obtain their Lands; and so that which ought to be for the Maintenance of Peace and of the good, and the Punishment of the bad, they perverted to the Disherison of the Great Men and the Destruftion of the People.

ALSO, they falsely and wickedly counselled our Lord the King to go with Horse and Arms towards the parts of Glou.cester, and made him traverse the country with Horsemen, and make intursions with his armed men in those parts upon his good People, contrary to the Form of the Great Charter, and the Award of the Peers of the Land ; and so by their false and evil Counsels they would have moved a War in the Land, to the Destruction of Holy Church and of the People, for their own proper Quarrel.

ALSO, Where the Earl of Hereford and the Lord of Wyg- more, by command of the King being assigned to make War against Llewellyn Bren, who had risen against the King In Glamorganshire, as soon as the Lands were in the hands of the King by the death of the Earl of Gloucester, the said Llewellyn surrendered himself to the said Lords, at the King's pleasure for his favour, and those Lords promised him Par.don, and upon such condition they received and delivered him to our Lord the King, and our Lord the King in such form received him; and then as soon as the said Lords were out of the Land, the said Sir Hugh the Son and Sir Hugh the Father, who had accroached Royal Power as above is stated, took the said Llewellyn, and carried him to Cardiff, seeing that Sir Hugh the Son was then seised thereof for his share, and by their covin usurping Jurisdiction in a case where they could not reasonably have any, they there caused him to be drawn, hanged, beheaded, and quartered as a Felon for a thing done in the time of the King ; and in this wise they usurped Royal Power ana Jurisdiction which belonged to the Crown, in Disherison of the Crown, and to the Dishonour of our Lord the King, and of the said Lords of Hereford and Mortimer, and in evil example and great danger perchance in times to come. And also they evil coun.selled our Lord the King to take into his hands the Lands and Chattels of Sir Hugh DÕAudeley the son, and they forejudged him of his Lands without due Process according to the Law of the Land, through covetousness, to obtain for Sir Hugh le Despenser the Son those Lands ; and by other false corn- passings he compassed to have the Lands of Sir Roger Damory ; so that they might obtain by such false compassing the whole of the Earldom of Gloucester, to the Disherison of the Peers of the Land.

ALSO, Where our Lord the King, by his Letters Patent under his Great Seal in full Parliament at Westminster, granted to the Earl of Warwick, that upon his death his Exe.cutors should hold his Lands until the Age of his Heir, the which Grant, after the death of the said Earl, the King con.firmed at his Parliament at Lincoln, at the Request and by the Assent of the Peers of the Land, the said Sir Hugh the Father by the maintenance, abetting, and procurement of the said Sir Hugh his Son, caused our Lord the King to repeal the said Deed without cause, and to deliver to the said Sir Hugh the Father, for his own profit, the Wardship of the same Lands ; so defeating by their evil counsel that which the King had gra nted in his Parliaments by his good Counsel, and by the Assent of the Peers of the Land ; to the Dishonour of the King, and against Right and Rcaaoil.

ALSO they, the same Persons, have not suffered our Lord the King to take reasonable Fines of the Peers of the Land, and others who are within his Fee, in such manner as had been used until these times; but through covetousness to obtain those Lands, by Royal Power accroached to them, have interposed in such matters undue impediments, surmising the Lands to be forfeited, as of Mr. John de Mowbray for the Lands of Gower, and others, to the Damage and Dishonour of our Lord the King, and against the Law of the Land,


Inciting Civil War,

Arreit Çnd Murder of Llewellyn Bren.

Seizing the Land* of others.

Repealing the KingÕs Grant to the Earl of Warwick.

Imposing unreasonable Fines and Forfeitures.

Preventing Justice from being done; Èto Lands of the Templars, Jtc.

as to

receiving Bishops, &c.

Receiving Fines for Grants, &c.

Award of the Exile of the Uespensers

^¥D.1321.

in Disherison of the Great Men and others of the Realm, in this wise causing the King to deny Right in Parliament, contrary to his Oath.

ALSO through their evil covetousness, and by Royal Power accroached to them, they would not suffer our Lord the King to hear, or do right to the great Men of the Land, upon the Proof which they made to him, for him and for themselves, of the Disherison of the Crown, and of themselves touching the Lands which belonged to the Templars; and so, by Royal Power unto them accroached, have they led the King, his Council, and his Prelates, that of Things touching them or their Allies, through their Undertakings and Embracery, Right cannot be done except at their Pleasure, to the Damage and Dishonour of our Lord the King, and the Peril of his Oath, and the Disherison and Destruction pf many Great Men, and of the People of the Realm. And also they who have been chosen to Bishopricks, Abbies, Priories, who ought of Right to be received of our Lord the King, where they have been in due Form defied, have not been able to approach to our Lord the King, nor to speak with him to request his favour until they have made Fine and Tribute to Sir Hugh the Son at his plea.sure ¥, and no one who had any Favour to ask of our Lord the King, could obtain the Favour before he had made Fine to him. Besides that, where John de Lachelegh and others were sen.tenced to prison for a Trespass which they had committed against the Lady de Merk, to the Damage of the said Lady, of one thousand and five hundred Marks, whereof they were convified before Mr. Robert de Saddyngle and his com.panions, Justices assigned to hear and determine that Trespass, and the said John was in the prison of Colchester by the afore.said Sentence, Sir Hugh the Son, accroaching unto himself Royal Power, carried away the said John out of Prison, against the Law of the Land, without his having made Satisfaction unto the said Lady of the Damages aforesaid, and made him sell his Land to him, and thereof levy a Fine. The which Evil Deeds above written are notorious and true, as is found by the examination of the F.arls, Barons, and other Peers of the Land.

WHEREFORE We, Peers of the Land, Earls and Barons, in the Presence of our Lord the King, do award, that Sir Hugh le Despenser the Son, and Sir Hugh le Despenser the Father, be disherited for ever, as Disheritors of the Crown, and Enemies of the King and his People ; and that they be utterly exiled out of the Realm of England, without returning at any time, unless it be by the Assent of our Lord the King, and by the Assent of the Prelates, Earls, and Barons, and that in Parliament duly summoned. And We do give them Port at Dover, and none other place elsewhere, to void and pass out of the Realm of England, between this and the Feast of the Be.heading of St.John the Baptist next ensuing, that day included. And if the said Sir Hugh and Sir Hugh do remain in the Realm of England beyond (he said Day which is given to them to void and pass out, as above is said, or if after the said Day they do return, then be it done unto them, as Enemies of the King and of the Kingdom

en desfiitaunce des gÕntz, & des autres du Roalme, ensi fesant le Roi vier droit en plement, en couture

son sment.

Auxint p lour malveis coveitise, & p poer real a eux accroche, ne soefrerent mie nre Seign' le Roi de oier & [ne'] droit faire as gÕntz de la tVe, tur la demustraunce q il fesoient a lui, p' lui & p'eux, de la desfiitaunce de la corone, & de eux tochaunte les Pres q furent as Templers; & issint, p poer real a eux accroche, ount il mene nre Seign' le Roi, son counseil & ses plates, q des choses tochauntes eux ou lour alliez, ount empris & embrace p eux q droit ne poeit estre fait forq a lour volume, & a damage e a des- honr de nre Seign' le Roi, e pil de son Sment & des.fiitaunce & destruccion de plusours gÕntz du poeple de son Roialme. Et auxint les Eslitz as Evesches, Ab- beies, Priories, q devoient estre de droit resceu de nre Seign' le Roi, la ou il sont en due fourme eslutz, ne poeint approcher a nre Seign' le Roi, ne ove lui pier de quere sa gÕce, tantq il avoient fait fin e frette a Sir Hugh le fitz a sa volume; ne nul q eust gÕce a quere de nre Seign' le Roi, ne poeit a nule gÕce atteindre, avant qil avoit fait fin a lui. Estre ceo la ou JohÕn de Lachelegh & autres furent agardez a la p'sone, p' un trespas qil avoit fait a la Dame de Merk, a damage de la dire Dame de Mil & C. Mars, dount il furent atteintz devant monf Rott de Saddyngle & ses cum- paignouns Justices assignetz a oier & tVniner ceu tres.pas, & le dit JohÕn fust en la p'sone de Colecestr p la- garde susdit, Sir Hugh le fitz, accrochaunt a lui real poer, amena le dit JohÕn hors de la p'sone contre, ley de the, eintz qil avoit faite gre a lavauntdite Dame des damages avauntditz, e lui fist vendre sa tre a lui & lever sur ceo une fin. Les queux malveistes susescrites sont notoirs & verrais, sicome trove est p examine- ment des Countes Barons & autres piers de la tre.

Par quei no9 piers de la tre, Countes & Barouns, en la psence nre Seign' le Roi, agardoms q Sir Hugh le Despens le fitz & Sir Hugh le Despens le piere soient deshiteez a toutz jours, come deshitours de la Corone, & enemis du Roi & de son poeple; & qil soient del tut exles hors du Roialme DengletVe, sauntz retoumer en nul temps, si ceo ne soit del assent nre Seign' le Roi, & del assent des platz Countes & Barouns, & ceo en plement duement somouns. Et les donoms port a Dovre & nule pt aillours a voider & passer hors du Roialme Denglet re, entre ci & la feste de la decollacion de Seint JohÕn le Baptistre pchein avenir, ctu jour acounte. Et si les ditz Sir Hugh & Sir Hugh demor- gent en le Roialme DengletVe, outre le dit jour q done lour est de voider & de passer come desus est dit, ou q apÕs le dit jour retournent, adonqes soit fait de eux come des enemis du Roi & du Roialme.

1 Interlined on the Roll.


m & Z)e;

'ffinser, ftc.

aestiitauncc des

ÕS

iwak

son sment.

**'*c*iwC,*,*%5

Ò ^ plates, 3 d_ ,v Ò***&

to H i iov ^1 "'S

,WÔS

SÇ>r leRoi, la ou il som £D Poolnt approcher a nre So'gn' le Roj ã ^ y, de quere sa g'cc, tantq il i,oient ^ ^ J

*ÇVk Ç*Ç*,,*£

avant qil avoit fait fin a luL Lachelegh k autres furent agardez i kpnt !! trespas qil avoit fait a la Dame dt Mak,15j de la dite Dame de Mi) & C. Mars, 4*1 j atteintz devant motrf Robt de Saddle 4B3 paignouns Justices assignetz a oier 4 tmiaertea pas, k le dit JohÔn fust en la p'sooe de Cdš j; garde susdit, Sir Hugh le fitz, iccrackffiits poer, amena le dit Joh*n hots de la p'sooe cnubt tre, eintz qil avoit faite gre a lavauntdite Dkz damages avauntditz, e lui list vendre sa treiit lever sur ceo une fin. Les queux malvdstsan sont notoirs k verrais, sicome trove est p eta

¥ P

ment des Countes Barons & autres piers dels a Par quei no9 piers de la tre, Corns k fa: ¥ la psence nre Seign' le Roi, agardoms (j Srijtt Despots le fitz & Sir Hugh le Despot's k pi deshiteez a toutz jours, come deshitours de la CoÇ k enemis du Roi & de son poeple; 4 qJ Ç<d' ales hors du Roialme Dengletre, soon mn nul temps, si ceo ne soit del assent ore Sap <t U del assent des patz Countes & Barouns, 4=: plement duement somouns. Et les faš * Dovre k nule pt aillours a Roialme Dengletre, entre ci 1 It Stmt JoW It BtpÈÇt (ÇÇ*¥**Õ Bib ******* gtnt tn It Roialmt Doigltttt,tÒttlt*fÒ-

aft le dit jour retouraent,!

des enemis du Roi k du Roialme.

1 Interlined oÈ tl*

A STATUTE

Revoking the Pardon granted to the Pursuers of the Despensers.1

Ex magno Rot. Slat, in Turr. Land. m. 3a d.

COME en le plement nre Seign' le Roi Edward, filz au Roi Edward, somons a Westmos? a treis semeins de la Nativite Seint Joh*n le Baptistre Ian de son regne xv"", a la priere Humfrei de Bohun, adoncs Counte de Hereford, & des plusours autres g'ntz du roialme, feut assentu k acorde, q nul de quei estat ou condicion qil fut, por al.liance queu temps q ceo estoit fait, p €ment, escrit, ou en autre manere, ne por chivauche fait a ba- nere desplie des armes le Roi, ou dautri, ne por prise, occupacion, ne detenue des Chasteux, Villes, Manoirs, tres, tenementz, biens ou chateux, prise, emp'sonement, ou raunconer des gentz de la lige- aunce le Roi, ou dautres homicides, robies, felonies, ou autres choses q porreient estf notees a trespass ou felonies faites contre la pees le Roi, p les ditz g'ntz, lour alliez ou lour aherdantz, enp'suant & de- struant Hugh le Despens le fil k Hugh le Despen? le piere, & lour alliez & aherdantz, puis le p mer jour de Marz lan de regne le dit nre Seign' le Roi xiiijÓ', jesqes le xix jour Daust pchein suant, ne fut ap- pellez, ne chalengez, pris, nemp'sonez, empechez, mo- lestez, ne grevez, ne en jugement menez, p le Roi ne p autre a la seute le Roi, ne a seute dautri, qi qil fust, en la Court le Roi, ne nule part aillours, mes q des *~uz tieux trespas & felonies fuissent quites: Et puis, au dit nre Seign' le Roi, a son plement somons a Ev'wyk a tres semeins de la Pask, lan de son regne xvÓ' susdit, monstr lui fut p Prelatz, Countes, Barons, Chivalers des Countez, & la Comun de son Roialme, illoqs assemblez p son mandement, q le ditz estatut, ordenaunce, p'veance, & acquitance estoient peccherousement & torcenousement faitz & g'ntez, contre reison k comune droit', & contre le Sment nre Seign' le Roi qil fit a son coronement; et q lassent q eux fesoient as ditz estatut, ordenance, p'veance, & acquitance, estoit fait por doute de la g'nte force q les ditz Counte de Hereford k les autres g'ntz en- trealliez sodeinement menerent au dit plement de WestmosP, as chivaux & armes, en affrei k baissement de tut le people, k q eux ne eussent as ditz estatut, ordenance, p'veance, k acquitance assentu, en nule manere, si noun p encheson de la dite force out*iouse & noundue; p quoi y prierent nre Seign' le Roi, q por salut de sa alme et de lour almes, il feit venir devant lui en dit plement, somons & tenuz a EvÕwyk, la tenour des dites estatut, ordenance, porveance, k acquitance, & les fait examiner, repeller, k de tut anentir. Et nre Seign' le Roi, a lour requeste, fit venir en dit ple.ment devant lui la tenour des ditz estatut, ordenance, p'veance, k acquitance, en les poles q sensuent.

* Come nadgaires plusours g'ntz du roialme s'meis- sent a Sire Hugh le Despens le fiz, & a Sire Hugh le Despen9 le piere, plusours mauveisteez p eux faites, contre lestat de nre Seign' le Roi, & de sa corone, & a desheritance des g'ntz, & destruccion du poeple; et a p'suire celes mauveisteez, k atteindre

^^THEREAS in the Parliament of our Lord King Edward Son of King Edward, summoned at Westminster in Three Weeka after the Nativity of St. John the Baptist, in the Fifteenth year of hia Reign, upon the prayer of Hum.phry de Bohun then Earl of Hereford, and cf diveri other great Men of the Realm, It was assented and accorded,

Ò That no Man, of what Estate or Condition soever he were, for any Alliance whensoever made by Oath, Writing, or other.wise, nor for Ridings made with Banners displayed of the KingÕs Arms or others, not for the seizing, occupying, or de.taining of Castles, Towns, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Goods or- Chattels, or the seizing, imprisoning, or ransoming Per.sons in the KingÕs Allegiance, or other Homicides, Robberies, Felonies, or other Things which might be noted for Trespas.ses or Felonies, done against the KingÕs Peace by the said great Men, their Allies or Adherents, in pursuing and destroy.ing Hugh le Despenser the Son, and Hugh le Despenser the Father, their Allies and Adherents, since the First Day of March, in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of our said Lord the King, until the Nineteenth Day of August next ensuing, should be appealed or challenged, taken or imprisoned, im.peached, molested, or grieved, nor into judgement brought by the King, nor by any other at the KingÕs Suit, nor at the Suit of any other whomsoever, in the KingÕs Court nor any where else ., But that of all such Trespasses and Felonies they should be acquittedAnd afterwards, unto our Lord the King, at his Parliament summoned at York, in Three Weeks of Easter, in the abovesaid Fifteenth Year of his Reign, it was shewed by the Prelates, Earls, Barons, Knights of Shires, and the Commonalty of his Realm, there assembled by his command, that the said Statute, Ordinance, Provifion, and Acquittance were sinfully and wrongfully made and granted, against Rea.son and common Right, and against the Oath of our Lord the King which he made at his Coronation; and that the Assent which they gave to the said Statute, Ordinance, Provision, and Acquittance, was given for dread of the great Force which the said Earl of Hereford, and the other great Confederates suddenly brought to the said Parliament of Westminster, with Horse and Arms, in Affray and Abasement of all the People ; and that they would not in anywise have assented to the said Statute, Ordinance, Provision, and Acquittance, but by reason of the said outrageous and unjust Force j Wherefore they there besought our Lord the King, that for the Salvation of his Soul and of their Souls, he would cause to be brought before him, in the said Parliament, summoned and holden at York, the Tenor of the said Statute, Ordinance, Provision, and Acquit.tance, and would cause them to be examined, repealed, and wholly made void. And our Lord the King at their Request did cause to be brought before him in the said Parliament, the Tenor of the said Statute, Ordinance, Provision, and Acquit.tance, in the Words that here follow.

Ç< Whereas, of late, divers Great Men of the Realm sur.mised against Sir Hugh le Despenser the Son, and Sir Hugh le Despenser the Father, divers Crimes by them done against the Estate of our Lord the King and his Crown, and in Dis.herison of the Great Men, and destru&ion of the People j and for the prosecuting those Crimes , and for the obtaining

Recital of Indemnity in an Aft made in the

Parliament at Westminster, in Three Weeks after Midsummer

15 Edw.lL for Alliance { and Force, and for

seizing Castles, ia Prosecution of the Despeusers.

Petition in the Parliament held at York, in Three Weeks after Easter,

15 Edw. II.

Tenor of the Aft passed in the first- mentioned Parliament of the Fifteenth Year.

Crimea surmised against the Despensera j and Force used againat them and their

Adherents.

1 The Text of this Statute was first printed, with the Title as above, in HawkinsÕs Edition of the Statutes.

' The Statute here recited is entered on the back of the Statute Roll, on the Membrane immediately preceding that on which this present repealing Statute is entered. It is defaced with cross Lines, and the following Memorandum is subjoined. Ò Le dit acord e estatut est anenti e chauncele p force de un estatut q se fit au plement le Roi a E?wyk, a tres semaincs de Pasch, lan de son regne quinzime : le quel estatut est desuth escrit.ÓÑIt agrees very nearly with the Recital thereof given in this Repealing Statute. In the Printed Copies, and in MS. Cott. Claud. D.II. and many other Manuscripts the Statute recited is given as a separate, preceding, Statute of this Year, intituled, Ò Ne quis occasionetur pro Feloniis seu Transgress faftis in prosecutione H. le Despenser Patris & Filii.Ó

VOL. I.

Go g'Je

Their Exile, by Award of the Peers in Parliament.

Reasons of the Alliance and Force against them.

Indemnity for such Alliance and Force, and for seizing Castles, &c.

Saving of Rights of Adion for Recovery of Castles, &c.

Charters of Pardon.

by force that which could not be obtained by Process of Law, inasmuch as the aforesaid Hugh and Hugh had accroached unto themselves Royal Power in divers manners, the said Great Men did combine together by Oaths, Writings, and other.wise, without the leave of our Lord the King ; and afterwards in prosecuting the said Hugh and Hugh, and thtir Allies ad.hering unto them, the said Great Men and others made an Array with Banners displayed, both of the KingÕs Arms and their own, and seized and occupied Castles, Towns, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels, and also seized and imprisoned Persons of the KingÕs Allegiance and others, some of whom they ransomed, and others they slew; and many other Things did, in destroying the said Hugh and Hugh and their Allies and others, in England, in Wales, and in the Marches, some whereof might be called Trespasses, and others Felonies; And the said Hugh and Hugh, in the Parliament of our Lord the King, summoned at Westminster in Three Weeks after the Feast of the Nativity of St. John the Baptist, in the Fifteenth Year of his Reign, for the said Crimes were forejudged and banished the Realm, by Award of the Peers of the Land (a); And the Great Men aforesaid, in the said Parlia.ment, shewed unto our Lord the King, that the Things done in the Prosecution of the said Hugh and Hugh, for such cause of necessity, ought not to be redressed nor punished by Sentence of Law; neither could they, without causing too great Disturbance, or perchance, which would be worse, a War in the Land ; And they besought our Lord the King that of all Alliances, Trespasses, and Felonies they might be quit for ever: For the benefit of Peace, and for the eschewing of War, and for assuaging Revenges and Rancours, and for making union in the Land, and that our Lord the King might the more entirely have the Hearts and Wills of the Great Men, and of his People, to maintain and defend his Lands, and to war against and destroy his Enemies ; It is accorded and as.sented, in the said Parliament, by our Lord the King, and by the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and the Commonalty of the Realm, there assembled at the command of our Lord the King, That no Man, of what Estate or Condition soever he be, for any Alliance whensoever made by Oath, Writing, or otherwise, nor for Ridings made with Banners displayed, of the KingÕs Arms or others, nor for the seizing, occupying, or detaining of Castles, Towns, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Goods, or Chattels, the seizing, imprisoning, or ransom.ing Persons in the King's Allegiance, or other Homicides, Robberies, Felonies, or other Things which might be noted for Trespasses or Ftlonies done against the KingÕs Peace, by the said Great Men, their Allies or Adherents, in the Prose.cution aforesaid, since the First Day of March last past, until Wednesday next after the Feast of the Assumption of our Lady, that is to say, the Nineteenth Day of August next en.suing, shall be appealed nor challenged, taken nor imprisoned, impeached, molested, nor grieved, nor into judgement brought, by the King, nor by any other, at the Suit of the King, nor at the Suit of any other whomsoever, in the KingÕs Court or anywhere else ; but that of all such Trespasses and Felonies they shall be acquitted by this Accord and Assent : Saving always to all Men, except the said Hugh and Hugh, Action and cause of Action to have and recover their Castles, Towns, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Wardships and Mar.riages, according to the Laws and Customs heretofore used, without Punishment in respcCt of the King, or recover.ing Damages against the Parties for the Time aforesaid. And also, It is accorded and assented that the said Great Men, if they list, for themselves, and for all others, whom they upon their Oath of Fealty made to the King, shall tes.tify between this present and the Feast of St. Michael next ensuing, by their Letters Patent unto the King or his Chan.cellor, to have been of their adherence and fellowship in the

(a) See the Award of the Exile, ante page 181. faV.

p force, q p pees de lei ne poient estr artdntz, por ceo q Ies avantditz Hugh & Hugh avoient acroche a eux real poer en plusours maneres, les ditz g*ntz se fuissent entreallez, p smentz, escritz, & en au- tre tnanere, saunz counge nre Seignr le Poi; et puis enp'suant les ditz Hugh & Hugh, & lour alliez & aherdantz a eux, les ditz g'ntz & autres chiva- chassent as baneres despliez, des artnes le Roi & de lour armes, & pristrent & occuperent Chasteux, Villes, Manoirs, tYes, tenementz, biens, & chateux, & aussint pristrent & emp'sonerent genz de la lige. ance le Roi, & autres, & aucuns reindrent, & au- cuns tuerent, e autres plusours choses fesoient, en de- struantz les ditz Hugh & Hugh & lour alliez & autres en Engletre, en Gales, & en la Marche, dont aucunes choses porreient estre dites trespas, & au- cunes felonies; et les ditz Hugh & Hugh en le pie- ment nre Seign' le Roi, somons a Wes tin os? a treis semeins apres la feste de la Nativite Seint JohÕn !e Baptistre, lan de son regne xvmt, por les dites mau. veistees fuissent forjugez & exilez du roialme, p agard des [- - - Õ] pieres de la tre; et les susditz g'ntz, en dit plement, monstrassent a nre Seign' le Roi q les choses faites en la p'seute des ditz Hugh & Hugh, p tiele cause de necessite, ne devoient estr adrescees ne punitz p reddour de lei, ne ne poient saunz faire trop g*nt troble, ou p cas, q pis €roit, guerre en la tVe; & priassent a nre Seign' le Roi q de touz alliances, trespas, & felonies, fuissent quites a touz jours: Por bien de pees, & pr guerre eschuire, & por ires & rancours assuager, & por unite faire en la ire, & q nre Seign' le Roi peusse le plus entierement aver les quers & les voluntees dez g'ntz, & de son poeple, por ses Pres meintenir & defendre, & ses enmis guerroier & grever; Acorde est & assentu, en dit plement, p nre Seign' le Roi, & p Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & la Comune du roialme illoqs a mandement le Roi assemblez, q nul de quel estat ou condicion q soit, p' alliance queu temps q ceo soit fait, p sment, escrit, ou en autre manere, ne p' chivache fait a bancre desplie, des armes le Roi ou dautre, ne p' prise, oc- cupacion, ou detenue, des Chasteux, Villes, Manoirs, tres, tenementz, biens ou chateux, prise, empÕsone- ment, ou raunceoner des gentz de la ligeance le Roi, ou dautres homicides, robies, felonies, ou autres cho.ses q porront estr notees a trespas ou a felonies, faites contr la pees le Roi, p les ditz g'nz, lour alliez, ou lour aherdantz, en la p'suite avantdite, puis le pri.mer jour de Marz drein passe, jesqs au Meskerdy pchein aps la feste del Assumpcion nre Dame, cest asavoir le xix jour DÕaust pchein suant, soit [appellez ne chalengez, pris nemp'sonez, empechez, molestez, ne grevez, ne en jugement menez,1] p le Roi ne p autr, a la suite le Roi, ne a la suite dautri, qi qil soit, en la court le Roi ne nule pt aillours; mes q de touz teux trespas & felonies soient qui.tes, p cest acord & assent; sauve touz jours, a touz forpris les ditz Hugh & Hugh, accion Sc reson daV & recovir lour Chasteux, Villes, Manoirs, tres, reft, gardes & mariages, solor.c les lcis & les usages cea enarere usees, saunz punissement dev*s le Roi, ou damage recover dev's pties du temps avantdit. Et aussint est acorde Sc assentu, q les ditz g'ntz, sil voillent, por eux, Sc por touz autres queux eux, en le sment de lur feaute faite au Roi, vodront tesmoigner, entre cy 8c la feste Seint Michel pchein avenir, par lour tres patentes au Roi ou a son Chanceller, qil furent de lour aherdance 8c lour compaignte en la

1 An Erasure, on which tuz appears to have been written. The cancelled Afl, preceding, reads des pieres. .

1 The cancelled Ac1 reads Ôapptlle, chalenge,Õ (SV. ÒÒ "" singular.


em, $

c.

p force, pees 4e \a \x pcmi qj ^

ceo i\ \Ç avxntiiix \fo$i k ^ ;

È eux tea\ poet en $wm toiok '¥ ^

dissent manere,

entrealle.

Ò14nÇre, au " r "uiaš) fioj,, ¥* Ç aherrU,.. tZ HÒlt(lSruI, V

s

^rdantz a';^ Hk

ChaSSfnt È baneS **

^e lour

fail

^ Sa

iitiii

K

emšz. bias, i

armes, k piiscrm k Villes, Manoirs, ties,

k aussmt pmvrent k emp'soww ^ ^ 4 ance \e Roi, k autres, k auram Tnfc^ cutis tuetent, e autres plusours eke, lesse.- siruantz \es ditz Hugh k k W ^

autres en Ingletre, en W- *

Ô š A*b.

*È pªÈ Èiy

Ó*<^kw,wS{!yt

Ò"ÈÇ,pÇStadtllkk> BaPt)streÕ la de son regne Xl.È

chose* fates en la pÕseute des ditz Ò *. ¥ -' iide cause de necessite, ne deroient punitz p reddour de lei, ne ne p, trop g-m ,ruble, ou p Ç, q pi$ ^ m

tre; & pnassem a nre Seign' lc Roiqdeionii^, trespas, & felonies, fuissent quites i tmjš |, bien de pees, & p' guerre eschuirt,kper., rancours assuager, k por unite faireati^: nre Seign' le Roi peusse ie plus entiereeK1 quers & les voluntees dez g*Mz, H a tt por ses tres meimenir k defendre, iÈs guerroier k grever; Acorde est k assegai plement, p nre Seign' le Roi, k p Prelaa, Dš Barons, k la Comune du roialme ilkxjs i ex le Roi assemblez, q nul de quel esu at an q soil, p' alliance queu temps q ceo escrit, ou en autre manere, ne p' chivacbefc.z desplie, des armes le Roi ou dautre, ne pjtit cupcion, ou detenue, des Chistou, Vfek t res, tenementz, biens ou chateui, piisqan ment, ou raunceoner des gentz de la lip it ou dautres homicides, robies, felonies, on ass ses tj porront estr notees a trespas ou afekoas corn? la pees le Roi, pies ditz g'nz.tai*' lour aherdantz, en la p'suite avantdhe, po kÈ mer jour de Marz drein passe, jesqs an te pchein a joÕs la feste del Asmpta** cest asavoir le xix jour D'aust jdi*- [appellez ne chalengez, pris nempÕsooez. staff molestez, ne grevez, ne en jugement ne p autr, a la suite le Roi, ne a b qi qil *¡it, en h court k R(È mes a de touz teux trespas kb*-

tes pcest acordk assent; saute

& rtcovir lour Chasteux. M ^ gardes & manages, solor.c I 1' cea enarere usees,

ou damage recovtr it >J ^

voillent, PÇ Ru; ,0^^

entre cy & leste flU a 0O* lour ires

smfvU'-

dite psuite, eient chartres sevÕales desouth le g*nt seal le Roi, en la fourme susdite, des choses susdites. (A) Les queux estatut, ordenance, p'veance, & acqui- tance, illoqs rehercez & examinez, en p'sence des Prelatz, Countes, Barons, Chivalers des Counteez, & le comun du roialme, au dit plement DevÕwyk esteantz, trove hi q ceux estatut, ordenance, p'veance, & ac- quitance se fesoient contr reson & comune droit, & contr le €ment le Roi, fait a son coronement, & contre la tenour de la g*nt chartre des Franchises DenglePre, la quele est afferme p sentence de comege, et en la quele est contenuz, q le Roi ne viera, ne delaira, a nuly droit ne justice ; et q la dite acquitance estoit g*ntee plus en baudour & favour de meffesours & destourbours de la pees, & de felonies, trespas, & mau- veistees faire, q por remedie & adrescement de tort : Par quoi nre Seign' le Roi, eant regarde as les choses susdites, & a ceo q le dit Counte de Hereford, & les autres entrealliez, vindrent au dit plement de Westmos? nounduement, as chivaux & as armes, & a tute lour force, de la quele il ne fu pas devant aparceu ; et ensement q la dite acquitance se fit a displeisance & gÔnt deshon' de lui, & en- blemissement de sa real dignite, & en offense dautri droit, et qil ne poeit adoncs arester la dite force, si sodeinement, p' droit faire sicome a lui appendoit ; q suite dautri ne devoit il ne poeit relesser, ne pdo- ner, saunz tort faire; et auxi chargantz le conseil & la requeste des ditz Prelatz, Countes, Barons, Chi.valers des Counteez, & la Comune du roialme, fait en cest ptie, pur salut de sa alme & de lour almes, et q bien appendoit a lui & a sa real dignite, & devoit, si g*nt fait torcenous & piculrous redresser duement ; et ja avok annienti & defait. par assent des Prelatz, Countes, Barons, Chivalers des Counteez, & la Co.mune du roialme, au dit plement Dev'wyk, le dit agard fait p les ditz Counte de Hereford, & les autres entrealliez, contre les ditz Hugh & Hugh de lour exil 8c desheritance, & de totes choses to- chauntes le dit agard en touz pointz, p jugement rendu au dit plement DePwyk; & meismes ceux Hugh

said Prosecution, shall have Charters severally under the King's Great Seal, in the Form abovesaid, for the Matters abovesaid.'* The which Statute, Ordinance, Provision, and Acquittance, being there rehearsed and examined, in the Presence of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, Knights of Shires, and the Common.alty of the Realm, at the said Parliament of York then being, It was found that the said Statute, Ordinance, Provision, and Acquittance were made against Reason and Common Right, and against the KingÕs Oath made at his Coronation, and against the Tenor of the Great Charter of the Liberties of England, which is confirmed by Sentence of Excommunication, and wherein it is contained that the King shall not deny or delay unto any Man Right or Justice | and that the said Ac.quittance was made more for the emboldening and favouring of Malefa£lors and Disturbers of the Peace to commit Fe.lonies, Trespasses, and Crimes, than for Remedy and Redress of Wrong: Wherefore our Lord the King, having regard to the Matters abovesaid, and to this, that the 6aid Earl of Here.ford and the other Confederates came to the said Parliament of Westminster unlawfully, with Horse and Arms, and all their Force, whereof he was not before informed j and like.wise that the said Acquittance was made to hit Displeasure and great Dishonour, and to the blemishing of his Royal Dig.nity, and in injury of the Right of other Men ¥, and that he could not at that Time withstand the said Force upon the sudden, to do Right as it behoved him; that the Suit of another, he ought not, neither could he, release nor pardon, without doing wrong: and also considering the Counsel and the Request of the said Prelates, Earls, Barons, Knights of Shires, and the Commonalty of the Realm, in that Behalf made, for the Salvation of his Soul and of their Souls; and that it well belonged to him and his Royal Dignity, and that he ought, duly to redress so great dangerous and wrongful a Deed ; and that he had already adnulled and defeated, by Assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, Knights of Shires, and the Commonalty of the Realm, at the said Parliament of York, the said Award, made by the said Earl of Hereford and the other Confederates, against the said Hugh and Hugh, as to their Exile and Disheritance, and as to all Things touch.ing the said Award, in all Points, by Judgement rendered at the said Parliament of York U) j and the same Hugh

(l) For Entries of Grants of several such Charters to Humphry de Bohun Earl of Hereford, and to many others, under this Provision, See Rot. Pat. tj Ed. II. P. l. m. 18. All these Entries are defaced with crosslines, and the following Memorandum is subjoined :ÑÒ Totes les Ires daquitance susescrites sont atientes e chauncelces p force de un estatut q se fit au plement le Roi a F.vwylc a tres sameines de Pasch, lan de son regne q'nzime; le quel estatut est enroulle en le roulle destatutz en le mois de Maii lan qinzime avantdit.Ó

The following is the Form of the First Charter entered on the Roll. In the Printed Copies, and in MS. Celt. Claud. D. II. and many other Manuscripts, a similar Form is inserted, immediately after the A& recited in the Text, as a separate Instru.ment, with the Title Ò Forma Cartarum prosequentibus Hug le Despenscr patrem & filium concessarum,Ó and beginning Ò Edwarde p la grace de Dieu Roi Dengliterre, Seignour Dirlade, et due Daquitaine a touz ses bailliefes,Ó &c.

Ò Le Roi a touz ses Baillifs & foiaux as queux cestes psentes tres vendront saluz. Sachiez q come en cel psent nre plement tenu a Westmonster as trois 6emeins de la Nativite Seint Joh'n le Baptistre pchein passe, p nous & p Prelatz Countes Barons ic la comune de nre Roiaume, illoeqs a nre maundement assemblez, acorde soit & assentu q nul de quel estat ou condicion qil soit pr alliaunce queu temps q ceo soit faitc p sment, escrit, ou en autre ma8e, ne p' chevauchee faite a banere desplie de noz armes ou dautre, ne pÕ p'se, occupacion, ou detenue des Chasteux, Villes, manoirs, Pres, tenementz, biens, ou chateux, prise, emprisonement ou raunzoner des gentz de nre ligeance, ou dautres homicides, robies, felonies, ou autres choses, q p'ront estre notez a trespas, ou a felonies faites contre nre pees p plusours g'ntz de nre Roiaume lour alliez 8t lour aerdantz, en une pÕseute q nadgaircs fesoient pr Steinei enchesons contre Sire Hugh le Despen'3 le fiuz & Sire Hugh le Despen? le piere, puis le pÕmer jour de Marz darreyn passe jesqes au Mesqerdi pschein aps la feste del Assumpcion nre dame, cest asa? le xix jour Daugst pschein suant, soit appele ne chalange, pris, netnprisone, empesche, moleste, ne greve, ne en jugement mene, p nous ne p autre a nre sute ne a la scute dautri, qi qil soit, en nre Court ne nule pt aillours, mes q de touz tieuz trespas 8t felonies soient quites p cel acord & assent; Sauve touz jours a touz, forpris les ditz Hugh 8c Hugh, accion 8c reson davoir 8c recoVir lour chasteux, villes, manoirs, Pres, tenemenz, g Õrdcs, 8c manages, solonc les leys 8c les usages cea enarere usees, saunz punissement devers nos, ou damage recoPir dePs ptie du temps avantdit; sicome en les ditz acord 8c assent plus pleynement est contenuz : Nous voillantz meismes ceux acord 8c assent estre tenuz 8c gardez en routes choses, Voloms q nre foial 8c loial Humfrei de Bohoun, Counte de HÕford 8c de Essex un des ditz g'ntz pr alliaunce, queu temps q ceo soit faite, p 'Sment, escrit, ou en autre mafic, ne pr chose faite en la dite pÕsuite dedeinz le dit temps, ne soit appele, ne chalange, pris nemprisone, empesche, moleste ne greve, ne en jugement mene p nous ne p autre a nre ¥cute, ne a seute dautri, qi qil soit en nre Court, ne nule pt aillours contre la fourme des ditz acord 8c assent; Mes q de toutz tieux trespas 8c felonies soit quites solonc la forme des acord 8c assent avantditz. En tesmoignance des queux choses nous avoms fait faire cestes noz Ires patentes. Done a WestmonsP le vintisme jour Daugst. p ipm Rege 8c Consiliu. duppt.

(e) See Ret. Claus, i j Ed. II. m. 14. in Cedula, quoted in page t8l, for the whole Process and Judgement revoking and annulling the Award of the Exile.

The recited A6t declared contrary to Magna Carta, Sic.

Reasons for Repeal of recued A£t.

Recital that the Award of the Exile had been annulled, by Judgement in the said Parliament at York.


188

15¡ Enw. II. H. le Despetiser, Sic.

Repeal of the recited Aft of Indemnity.

and Hugh he had remitted and reconciled fully unto his Allegiance and Peace, and adjudged them unto, and to stand in, the same Estate as they had and were in, before the said Award made against them, at the said Parliament of Westminster, in all Points, for Causes reasonable, lawful, and suf.ficient: Inasmuch as the said Hugh and Hugh, their Allies and Adherents, and others unto whom the said Earl of Hereford and the other Confederates did the said Felonies and Trespasses, whereof they ought to have their Recovery ac.cording to the Laws and Usages of the Realm, by suing against all that have trespassed against them, as abovesaid, could not duly make such Suit, if the said Statute, Ordi.nance, Provision, and Acquittance of Felonies and Trespasses should not be repealed and annulled ; and likewise our said Lord the King, considering that the said Statute, Ordinance, Provision, and Acquittance were wrongfully made by Force as abovesaid, and not with his will; whereof he did at that Time make Protestation, at Westminster, before certain Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other Great Men, that the said Statute, Ordinance, Provision, and Acquittance were not granted or assented to, of his good Will: Our Lord the King, for the Causes abovesaid, and for the taking away the bad example of such Evils in Time to come, in his said full Par.liament at York, of his Royal Power, with the Advice and Assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, Knights of Shires, and the Commonalty of the Realm, there assembled by his com.mand, the said Statute, Ordinance, and Provision, and all the Acquittances to whomsoever made by the said Statute, Ordinance, and Provision, Accord and Assent, doth repeal and annuli for ever, as a Thing done against Reason, Law, and the Custom of his Realm, and in prejudice of Him and his Crown and of his Royal Dignity ; and doth will and command that whatsoever is contained in the said Statute, Ordinance, and Provision, and whatsoever is enrolled in any of his Courts, of the said Statute, Ordinance, Provision, and Ac.quittances, shall be cancelled and annulled for ever : and that every Man shall have his Adlion, Suit, and as much as the Law giveth him, notwithstanding the Statute, Ordinance, Provision, Assent, Accord, and Acquittances aforesaid ; and that by the same Statute, Ordinance, Provision, Assent, Accord, or Acquittance, no Man shall be protected, aided, nor defended in any Point.

The King to his Justices of the Bench, Greeting: A certain Statute, Ordinance, Provision, and Acquittance lately, in our Parliament assembled at Westminster in Three Weeks from the Nativity of St. John the Baptist last past, upon the Prosecution of Humphry de Bohun then Earl of Hereford and Essex, and other Great Men of out Realm, made, wherein the Suit of other Men was by Us improvidently remitted, and other manifold Errors intervened, In this our present Parliament assembled at York, in Three Weeks from the Day of Easter last past, by the common Council of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other Nobles of our Realm there being, We have revoked and annulled ; And the same Revocation and Adnullation, We have thought good to transmit to you under our Seal j Commanding, that the same before you, in the Bench aforesaid, you do cause to be read, published, and in the Rolls of the said Bench to be inrolled ; and the aforesaid Statute, Ordinance, Provision, and Acquittance, which We lately sent unto you, under our Seal to be published and enrolled in the Bench aforesaid, You do cause to be cancelled and annulled. Witness the King at York, the Twentieth Day of May.

By the King Himself.

Like Letters are sent unto Henry Scrope and his Fellows, the KingÕs Justices assigned to hold Pleas before the King. Witness the King as above.

Like Letters are sent unto the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer. Witness the King as above.

AD. 138.

& Hugh avoit remis, & reconseile pldnement a sa foi & a sa pees, & ajuge a del estat q eux avoient, e en tiel estat come eux esfoient, avant Ie dit agard fait contre eux au dit piement de WestmonsV, en touz pointz, p causes resonables, loials, & suffisantes: P quoi les ditz Hugh & Hugh, lour alliez & aherdantz, & autres as queux les ditz Counte de Hereford, & les autres entralliez, firent les dites felonies & trespas, des queux il deivent av* lour recover, so- lone les leis & les usages du roialme, a suire $s touz q a eux ount trespasse, come est susdit, tiele suite ne porront duement faire, si les ditz estatut, ordenance, p'veance, & acquitance des felonies & trespas, ne fuis- sent repellez & anintiz ; et ensement ie dit nre Seign' le Roi, regardant q les ditz estatut, ordenance, por- veance, & acquitance, torcenousement se fesoient par force, come est susdit, & noun pas de sa volonte, dount il fit ptestacion adoncs a Westmons? en pre.sence de aucuns Prelats, Countez, Barons, & autres gÕntz, q de son gre les ditz estatut, ordenance, pÕveance et acquitance ne estoient g'ntez ne assentu: Nre SeignÕ le Roi, p les causes susdites, & pÕ toller malveis example de tieux mals du temps avenir, en son dit plein plement a EvÕwyk, de son poer real, p le conseil & lassent des Prelatz, Countes, Barons, Chi- valers des Countez, & le c5mun du roialme, illoqs assemblez p son mandement, les ditz estatut, orde.nance, & p'veance, & totes les acquitances a qcumq, psones faites p les ditz estatut, ordenance, & p'veance, acord & assent, repele & aninti a touz jours, come chose faite contre reson, lei, & usage de son roialme, & en pjudice de lui & de sa corone, & de sa reale dignite j et voet & comaunde, q qÕnt q est contenuz en les ditz estatut, ordenance, & p'veance, & q*nt q est enroule en les places de sa court, de les ditz es.tatut, ordenance, p'veance & acquitances, soit chaun- celez & anintiz por touz jours : et q chescun eit sa ac- cion, suite, & qÔnt q lei lui donne, noun contreestantz les estatut, ordenance, p'veance, assent, acord, & ac.quitances avantditz ; et q p cele estatut, ordenaunce, porveaunce, assent, acord, ou acquitance, nul ne soit covert aide ne defendu, en nul point.

Pr Justic suis de Banco saitm. Quedam Statutu, Ordinacoem .Pvidentia & Acquietancia, nup in plia- mento nro apud Westin, a die Nativitatis Sci Johis Bapte pxÓ p'terito in tres septimanas, covocato, ad psecueoem Humfridi de Bohun tunc Com Hereford & Essex, & aliop magnatu de regno nro fca, in quibj seda alioj} p nos minus pvide remissa fuit, et alii er- rores multiplices intervenerut, in p'senti pliamento nro apud Ebop, a die Pasche px fPterito in tres septi.manas covocato, de coi consilio Prelato^, Coin, Baronii, & alio£ p?um regni nh ibidem existenciu, revocavim9 & adnullavim9; easdemq, revocacoem et adnullacbem vob sub sigillo nro duxim9 t'nsmittend; Mandantes qd eas coram vob in Banco pdeo legi, publicari, k in rotulis ejusdem Banci irrotular ac p*dca Statutu Ordinacoem Pvidencia & Acquietancia, que nup vob misim9 sub sigillo nro, in Banco p'dCo pub- licand Sc irrotuland, cancellari & adnullari fac. T.p. apud Ebo^ xx. die Maii. p ipm Regem.

Eodem modo scribit' Hen? le Scrop & sociis suis, Justi? p ad pfita coram Rege tenend, assign. T.pr. ut sup*.

Eodem modo scribit' Thes & Baron de Sc'cio. T.p. ut s*.


, le Despenser, Sic.

Jt Hugh avo'xt renus, k foi it -

conn

T.^.utJup. iftroj

Hod cm modo scnbit Thes #

T.^. ut s*.

i,k"*i^4i1S

Porront duement faire, a 1ã

P^kacquitancedesfclo^^^ ^trepellez&anintizjeteJT >*È

le Roi, regardant q fa ditz ^ JÇnce, & icquitance, torcenousj,^ forÇ, come est susdit, k nou ^ doum J fo ptestackm adoncj ,

Çnce de aucuns PreUts, Countea, g!mZÕ S de 80,1 PÔ b db ÇÇ ^

P .ÇK. ÇÇ,ÈÈÇ ãt(S(j '*> N-=&,gÈ È

ÈWÈ example * ,* ^

Çlm do Comš, s I, *,,,£* ansemblez p son mandement, les din nance, it p'veance, & totes les wp*,,* psones faites p let ditz estatut, ordenance, & ^ acord it assent, repele it aninti, ,* ^ chose faite contre reson, lei, it usage dentai & en p*judice de lui k de sa corone, i i,a dignite ; et voet & comaunde, ij qÕi q atBl en les ditz estatut, ordenance, it p'Èeane,ini est enroule en les places de sa court, it Isis tatut, ordenance, p'veance it acquitances, sx celez & anintiz por touz jours: etqchesctoaas cion, suite, & q*nt q lei lui donne, noun esass les estatut, ordenance, p'veance, assent, ad,Ss quitances avantditz; et q p ccle estatut, dec porveaunce, assent, acord, ou acquitance, ml k covert aide ne defendu, en nul point.

pi JustiC suis de Banco sattm. Quedaa Sai Ordinaosem Pvidentia & Acquietancn, nap . f mento nro apud Westm, a die Nurias £? Bapte pxÕ pHerito in tres septimanas, coucRi psecuuiem Humfridi de Bohun tunc Cm Bsi & Essex, & alioj> magnatu de regno noMlÈ seda aliop p nos minus pvide remiss iM*! rores mulriplices intervenerut, in ptom apud Ebon, a die Pasche pi fa*

co,Çao. * <* ¡?* ÒJj Buoos, & itÈ) p5Ò .' ÒV

*m*f 4 >**'Ó' <¥*!Ó

^nnlbatmvotwbsj*Ó

Mandantes qd eli corjni '¡ .. j,tji

Statutu Ordinaosem Sp

nup yob misim9 sub stgi ¡ ^

a ¥pnÕhit' Hen? k ^ ^ Eodem modo s RÇt 0^*

jo* Èd PhU **

i&etiocarto notmrum ^btnattonum.

REVOCATION of the New ORDINANCES *

Ex ntagno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 31.

COME nre Seign' le Roi Edward, fitz au Roi Edward, le sezime jour de Marz Lan de soil reigne tierez, al Honr de Dieu & p' le bien de lui & de son roialme, eust g'ntez as Platz, Countes & Barons de son roialme, queux peussent eslire 2teines psones des Prelatz Countes & Barons, & des autres loiaux, queux lour semblereient suffissantz de appeller a eux, pr ordener & establir lestat del Hostel nre dit Seign' le Roi, & de son roialme, solonc droit & reson, & en tiele marie q lour ordenances feussent faites al Honr de Dieu, & al Hon' & pfit de seinte eglise, & al Hon' du dit Roi, & a son pfit & au pfit de son Poeple solonc droit & reson, & le dement q nre dit Seign' le Roi fist a son Corounement: Et Lercevesq, de Caun- terbirs Primat de tot Engle?re, Evesqs, Countes, & Barons, a ceo eslutz, eussent fait ascunes Ordenaunces q comencent issint: Edward par la g*ce de Dieu Roi Denglete, Seign' Dirland, & Dues daquitaigne, as touz ceux as queux cestes Lres vendrount, Saluz. Sachez q come le xvj"Ò jour de Marz, Lan de nre reigne tierez, al honÕ de Dieu &c. & finissent issint, Don a Loundrs le quint jour dodtobr Lan de nre regne quint.

Les queles ordenances le dit nre Seign' le Roi, a son plement a Everwyk a treis setneignes de Past, Lan de son regne quinzisme, par Prelatz, Countes, & Barons, entre queux furent touz le plus des ditz or- rienours, qi adoncs furent en vie, & p le Comun du Roialme iloeqs p son maundement assemblez, fist re- hercer & examiner: Et pr ceo q p cel examinement trove feust en dit plement, q p les choses issint or- denees le poair real nre dit Seign' le Roi feust re- streynt, en plusors choses, countre devoir, en ble- missement de sa seign'ie reale, & encountre lestat de la Coronne ; et auxi pr ce q, en temps passe, p tieles ordenances, & purveaunces, faites p les suggetz s' le poair real des auncestrs nre Seign' le Roi, trou.bles & guerres sount avenuz en Roialme, p quoi la tVe ad este en pil; acorde est & esfabli au dit plement p nre Seign' le Roi, & p les ditz Prelatz, Countes, & Barons, & tote la Comune du Roialme, a cel ple.ment assemblez, q totes les choses p les ditz ordenours ordenees, & contenues en les dites ordenaunces, de- soremes p' le temps avenir cessent, & pdent noun, force, vtu, & effeft a touz jours ; Les estatutz & es- tablissementz faitz duement p nre Seign' le Roi, & ses auncestres, avaunt les dites ordenances, demorauntz en lour force: et q desore james en nul temps, nule manle des ordenaunces, ne p'veaunces faites p les Sug.getz nre Seign' le Roi, ou de ses Heirs, p quele poair ou comission q ceo soit, sur le poair real de nre Seign' le Roi, ou de ses Heirs, ou countre lestat nre dit Seign' le Roi, ou de ses Heirs, ou countre lestat de la Coronne, soient nulles, & de nule manle de value ne de force; Mes les choses q €rount a establir, p' lestat de nre Seign' le Roi, & de ses Heirs, & p' lestat du roialme & du poeple, soient tretes, accordees, es- tablies, en plementz, p nre Seign' le Roi, & p lassent des Prelatz, Countes & Barouns, & la comunalte du roialme; auxint come ad este acustume cea enarere.

.yyHEREAS our Lord King Edward, Son of King Edward, Rwiud of on the Sixteenth Day of March in the Third Year of Commission, his Reign, to the Honour of God, and for the Weal of Him- self and his Realm, did grant un bo the Prelates, Earls, and yur ma|,ing Barons of his Realm, that they might choose certain Persons of Ç^*'n the Prelates, Earls, and Barons, and of other lawful Men whom they should deem sufficient to be called unto them, for the ordaining and establishing the Estate of the Household of our said Lord the King, and of his Realm, according to Right and Reason, and in such Manner that their Ordinances should be made to the Honour of God, and to the Honour and Profit of Holy Church, and to the Honour of the said King, and to his Profit and to the Profit of his People, according to Right and Reason, and to the Oath which our said Lord the King made at his Coronation: And the Archbishop of Canterbury, Pri.mate of all England, the Bishops, Earls, and Barons thereunto chosen, did make certain Ordinances which begin thus :

Ò Edward by the Grace of God, King of England, Lord of Ireland, and Duke of Aquitain, to All to whom these Letters shall come Greeting. Know Ye, That Whereas on the Sixteenth Day of March in the Third Year of our Reign, to the Honour of God, &c.Ó and which end thus Ò Given at London the Fifth Day of O&ober in the Fifth Year of our Reign.Ó

The which Ordinances our said Lord the King, at his Par.liament at York, in Three Weeks from Easter in the Fifteenth Year of his Reign, did, by the Prelates, Earls, and Barons, among whom were the more part of the said Ordainers who were then living, and by the Commonalty of bis Realm, there

Ordinances made in

5 Edw. II.

Examination of the said Ordinances in the Parliament Three Weeks after Eafler

by his Command assembled, cause to be rehearsed and ex.amined : And forasmuch as upon that Examination it was found, in the said Parliament, that by the Matters so ordained the Royal Power of our said Lord the King was restrained in divers Things, contrary to what ought to be, to the blemishing of his Royal Sovereignty, and against the Estate of the Crown ; And also, forasmuch as, in Time past, by such Ordinances and Provisions, made by Subje£ts against the Royal Power of the Ancestors of our Lord the King, Troubles and Wars have happened in the Realm, whereby the Land hath been in Peril, It is accorded and established, at the said Parliament, by our Lord the King, and by the said Prelates, Earls, and Barons, and the whole Commonalty of the Realm, at this Parliament assembled, That all the Things, by the said Or- dainors ordained and contained in the said Ordinances, shall from henceforth for the Time to come cease and shall lose their Name, Force, Virtue, and Effedl for ever; The Statutes and Establishments duly made by our Lord the King and his An.cestors, before the said Ordinances, abiding in their Force: And that for ever hereafter, all manner of Ordinances or

ij Edw. II.

The said Ordinances shall cease and become of no EfFeA.

Ordinances

Provisions, made by the Subjects of our Lord the King or of or Provisions his Heirs, by any Power or Authority whatsoever, concerning the Royal Power of our Lord the King or of his Heirs, or against the Estate of our said Lord the King or of his Heirs, or against the Estate of the Crown, shall be void and of no Avail or Force whatever; But the Matters which are to be established for the Estate of our Lord the King and of his Heirs, and for the Estate of the Realm and of the People, shall be treated, accorded, and established in Parliaments, by our Lord the King, and by the Assent of the Prelates, Earls, and Barons, and the Commonalty of the Realm; according as it hath been heretofore accustomed.

concerning the King and the Realm, made by Subje&s, shall be void: and none such shall be made except by the King, Lords, and Commons, in Parliament.

* This Statute was first printed in HawkinsÕs Edition of the Sututes.-For the Ordinances 5 Edw. II, which are repealed by this Statute, See ante, page 157Ñ168 and the Notes there.

VOL. I.


The King to the Sheriff of York, kc. Greeting. Whereas, in our Parliament affembled at York in Three Weeks from Easter in the Fifteenth Year of our Reign, We have caused to be rehearsed and examined by the Prelates, Earls, Barons, Nobles, and Commonalty of the said Realm there being, certain Ordinances of late made by certain Prelates, Earls, and Barons of our Realm thereunto chosen; And for certain Causes, upon that Examination found, it hath been accorded and enaded, at the said Parliament, by Us and the said Pre.lates, Earls, Barons, Noblfs, and Commonalty, that all Things by the aforesaid Ordainors ordained, and in the aforesaid

i

Ordinances contained, shall for the Time to come cease, and shall lose their Name, Strength, Virtue, and Effe£t for ever; The Statutes and Establishments,. duly made by Us or our Ancestors, before the making of the said Ordinances, abiding in their Strength : as in the Statute in our said Parliament made upon the Premises, which We send unto you sealed with our Seal in Form Patent, is more fully contained: We do command you, stri&ly injoining, that the said Statute in your full County Court, you do cause to be read and published, and all and singular Matters therein contained, so much as to you belongeth, to be observed; the aforesaid Statutes and Esta.blishments, formerly made, abiding in their Strength as above- said. Witness the King at York the Nineteenth Day of May.

By the King Himself.

Like Letters are sent to all the Sheriffs throughout England.

J*. Vie Eboj>, Saitm. Cum nos quasdam Ordina. c&es, p quosdam Prelatos, Comites, & Barones regni nn ad hoc ele&os, nup ffcas, in pliamento nfo apud Ebop, a die Pasche in tres septimanas anno regni nri quintodecimo convocato, p Platos, Comites, Ba. rones, Pc?es & Coitatem dei regni ibidem existentes, recitari & examinari fecÕim9; et ex ?tis causis, p exa- minacoem illam comptis, ad dcm pliamentu nrm p nos & deos Prelatos, Comites, Barones, Pees & Coi.tatem, concordatum sit & statutum, qd omia p p>dCos Ordinatores ordinata, & in ordinacoibj p*dcis contents, p tempore futuro cessent, & nomen, vim, virtutem, & eScm amittant imppm; statuds & stabilimentLs p nos vel pgenitores nros, ante confeccbem dcap ordi- nacionO debite fcis in eof robore pmanentibj; pm in Statuto, in dco pliamento nro sup pmissis edito, quod dbi mitrim9 sub sigillo nro in forma patenti consig- natum, plenius continet'; dbi p*cipim9 firmi? inju- gentes, qd Statutu illud in pleno Com tuo legi & publican, & omia & singula in eo contents, qÕntum ad te pdnet, fad observari; p*deis statutis & stabili- mends, antea editis, in eop robore pmanentibj, ut est dcm. T. R. apud Ebo£ xix. die Maii.

p ipm }£,

Eodem modo scribit' singtis Vicecomitibj p Angi.

Anno 16¡ EDWARD I, II. A.D. 1323.

statutum be forma nritttnbi ejrratfag ab &caccarium.

A STATUTE for ESTREATS of the EXCHEQUER.*

Form and Order of Estreats from Chancery into the Exchequer.

rJnHE King, to our well beloved Clerks William de Ayre- mynne, Keeper of the Rolls of our Chancery, and his Companions, Keepers of our Great Seal, Greeting. We send you a Form contained in a Scroll inclosed within these, by Us and our Council ordained, according to which the Estreats of our Chancery, which shall be annually delivered at our Ex.chequer, ought hereafter to be made. And We do will and charge you, that the same Form Ye do cause to be entered in your Rolls, and henceforth to be kept and holden in making the Estreats aforesaid. Moreover We send You another Scroll inclosed within these our Letters, in the which is contained how Justices and Inquirors ought to deliver their Estreats to our said Exchequer. And We charge you, that, that being understood which is contained in the same Scrolls, You do cause to be sent our Writs to the Justices and to others, to do that which therein is contained, in due Form. Given under our Privy Seal at Cowyk the Ninth Day of June in the Sixteenth Year of our Reign.

Because of the Trouble which hath been here.tofore upon the Accompts of Sheriffs in the Exchequer, because that in the Estreats of the Rolls of the Chan.cery, which have been yearly delivered into the Exche.quer, the Accounts thereof have been mingled, the King willeth therefore, that from henceforth the Estreats be made in manner following.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. 30, d.

LE Roi a nos chs clercs William de Ayremytine Gardein de Rouies de nre Chauncellerie, & a ses compaignons Gardeins de nre g*nt seal, Salus. Nous vo9 enveoms une forme, remembre en un escrouet enclos de deins cestes, p no9 & nre conseil ordeine, selonc la quele les estretes de nre Chauncellerie q srount annuelment liveres a nre Escheker deivent desore estre faites. Et voloms, & vo9 chargeoms q meisme cele forme facez entrer en vos roulles, & de- soremes garder & tenir, enfesaunt les estretes avan- dites. A ceo vo9 enveoms un autre escrouet, enclois de deinz mesmes nos tres, en la quele est contenuz coment Justices & enquerrours deivent livÕer lour es.tretes a meisme nre Escheker. Et vous mandoms, q entenduz ceo qest contenuz en meismes les escrouetz, facez maunder nos brefs, as Justices et as autres, de faire ceo q Ieins est contenuz en due forme. Done souz nre p've seal a Cowyk, le ix. jour de Juyn lan de regne xvjm\

Pur la desturbance qil y ad eu en ces houres s' les acomptes des Viscountes al Escheker, de ceo q en lestrete des roulles de la Chauncellerie, qe ad este an.nuelment liPe al Escheket, les Comptes ount este entremellez, le Roi voet q desore lestrete soil fait en la marie q sensuit.

¥ These Titles are from the Printed Copies and Translations. The Statute is entered on the Back of the Membrane which contains the first Statute of the j 7th Year of King Edward II.ÑIn MS. Hart, joaa, this Statute is attributed to the 13th Year of King Edward I. and reference is made to this Inrollment on the Back of the Statute Roll.


A.D. 1323-

16¡ Edwardi, II.

191

3WÇDI, IJ

J*' Vl2 Cm mx

***> 5 ^osdam Waa*. Cowtalk'?

regni nii id hoc defta, apudEbo^, adicPaschcintittK^

nn qukodecimo convocato, p ^ rã :' rono, ??<x k Catalan d& ttpi ^ _ recitai Sc examinari fÇW8; tt a Q-V mmacfem illam compos, id dha ft nos Sc tea Prelatos, Cornua, ^J

tatan, concordatum at Sc samturn, ^ ^ Ordinatoro oidinata, Sc in ordko&fy ^ ^ p tempore futuro cessent, St mob,*,^ Sc e&m amittant imppm; statuds St nos \el pgenitoro nros, ante cotem^ nadonu debite las in eo^ rotoc praa^, Sututo, in <Ro piiamento nio sup pWaactsas. tibi mhtim9 sub agillo nro in fenmpa^ natum, plenius condnet1; tibi popnf saj gentes, qd Statum illud in plow CoiÇ|| k publican, Sc omia Sc singula in n wa,^ ad te ptmÇ, W obsemii-, $d& ttttki mentis, antea editis, in eo^ robore pno^u dJm. T.R.. apudI.bopiii.4ieM

)+\

todem modo scribif singtisVicecmkj 4

RDI, II. A. D. 1323.

:nW emattas an tottam

JATS of the EXCHEQUER.'

E* "V" Rot- Slat- in Tm.Ldt^l

LE Roi a nos chs clercs William 4 Jjan Gardein de Roules de art OuinvslU, (ã compaignom Gardeins de nre g'nt seaJ,Sik h vo9 enveoms une forme, remembre a n cn endos de deins cestcs, p no9 & nfe cons! ris selonc la quele les estretes de nre Gradt Vrount annuelment lireres a nre Iscfcirn desore estre faites. Et voloms, 4 ro5 dopaj meisme cele forme facez entrer ennsronb,!! soremes garder St tenir, enfesauat la am n dites. A ceo vo9 enveoms irn autt escrow as de deinz mesmes noj fres, en la quele es! ccee content Justices Sc enquemxin derat Srakt Crete* a meisme nre Escheker. Et vousnaaio entenduz ceo qest contenuz en meisas is ** fiacez maunder nos bre/s, as Justices et as acs- aire ceo q lems est contenuz en due ft*È -- iouz nfe pVe seal a Cowyk, Je ix. jourdejen--

egne xvjÒ.

f Pur la desturbance qil j ad eu a cts ta es acomptes des Viscountes al Escbeker, 4 * strete des roulles de la Chauncete uelment livÕe al Escheker, les Compš ^ * ntrewdlcz, le Roi voet q desort I***1'

1 mane q sensuit.

ute is entered on the Bid of tit .few* nd jou, this Statute is itwhicJnit

Sutute Roll.

f Primerement seient entrez les fines q plus sovener- ment avenent, come p' briefs avoir, & totes autres fins ou la suine en deners est expresse; & totes tieux ma8e de fines dun Countee, de tut lan, seient escritz p eux en un lieu, et p ordre de p'orite, selonc ceo q les fines Vrount entrez en les roulles ; & auxint des touz les autres Countees generalment, q*ntq, touche ensuit un Countee; & pr plus prestement aver recours as roulles, si rien en temps avenir soit en enwer de siime ou dautre tre trove en lestrete, soit la date de jour, q*nt la fine fust faite, entre en lestrete li9e al Escheker.

Et pcheinement aprs tieux fines seient entrez chartres, tres patentes ou comissions, dunt ferme ou rente annuele est du au Roi, ou acomptes seient arendre, e ceo p comptes sevalment en prest marie.

Item apres ceo les homages & feautes, dount re- liveez sount a demaunder, & les briefs de diem clausit extr, & autrs choses ou sume nest mie expose, ne annuele demaunde afaire.

Item en meisme lestrete seient entrez les chartres de doun, dount le Roi doit ÕSvice avoir; q la Court peusse [aviser'] avisement, q*nt as relefs, & le svice maunder a temps.

f Item seient entrez en meisme lestrete les nouns de touz ceaux, q cel an amount este assignez a chose oier, enquere, ou faire, dount fyn, anJciment, ou autre pfit appendaunt au Roi, p'ra p cas ou devera sourdre, issi q h5me peusse sav1 a qi home dev*a maunder, p' les estretes deliver.

Et a la fine del estrete les reddisseisines, e sour- charge de pasture, come en ces houres.

^J Pur ceo qe Justices, enquerrours, ou auts qe sount assignez a dieses bosoignes oier et deliver en reaume, deivent annuelment deliver al Escheker lour estretes des fines & aificiementz, faitz et taxez devant eux, & de totes autrs choses de meismes les bosoignes is- sauntz, q au Roi appendent, issint qil empuisse de ceo estre duement respondu : Et sovent avient qe plosours tieles estretes sount si longement detenuz, avant qeles seient liv'etz au dit Escheqer, qe le Roi en ad eu de ceo, p plosours enchesons, grauntz damages ; & en temps soun piere ordeine feust, entre autres choses, q Justices & Enquerrous, qi qils feussent, & autrs q eussent estretetz a livÕer al Escheker, les eussent fait liper, de an en an, a la Seint Michel; Et Justices de Eyre meintenaunt lour estretes de meisme le Eyre, si tost come eux le eussent fini; soit desore tel ordeine- ment tenu, & p brief expssement maunde et les Jus.tices de lun Baunk, Se de lautre, & Gardein de la Foreste de cea Trente & de la, q chescun de eux le face, de chose q touche lour office.

Item soit le Seneschal de Houstiel le Roi, qest ou p' temps serra, comaunde & charge dep le Roi, a de.liver annuelment au Tresorier del Escheqer, qi est ou p' temps serra, estretes distin&ement & pleynement faites, des fyns, airJciementz, issues, forfaitz, & de totes ma8es dautres pfitz, sourdauntz al oeps le Roi, des pleez ou quereles, tenuz & oyz devant le dit Senes.chal & Mareschaux du dit Houstiel. Et q ceo soit fait deux feth en lan, a la Cluse Pasqs, & lendemeyn de Seint Michel.

*T Ite soit charge & comande le Clerk du Marchee, & des Mesures, a deliver ses estretes de ceo q tuche son office en la fourme desusdite.

Ô avoir Old Printed Copies.

First shall be entered the Fines which most com.monly happen, as to have Writs, and all other Fines wherein the Sum of Money is expressed; and all these manner of Fines of one County for the whole Year shall be written by themselves in one place, and by order of priority, according as the Fine shall be entered in the Rolls; and also of all other Counties generally, whatsoever shall happen [to follow in any one County :'] and for the more ready recourse to the Rolls, if that any Thing in Time to come shall be doubted of, either of the Number or other Letter in the Estreat, the Date of the Day when the Fine was made shall be entered into the Estreat, delivered into the Exchequer.

And after those Fines, then shall be entered Charters, Letters Patent, and Commissions, [in which any Farm or yearly Rent is due to the King, or [wherein Õ] any Accompts are to be made, and these shall be written by Counties severally after the readiest manner.

After these shall be written Homages and Fealties, whereof the Reliefs are to be demanded, and Writs of Diem clausit extremum, and other Things, whereof the Sum is not expressed, nor any yearly Demand to be made.

Also in the same Estreat, shall be entered the other Charters of Gift, by which the King ought to have Service ; so that the Court may have knowledge of the Times when the Reliefs and Services are to be demanded.

And there shall be entered, in the same Estreat, the Names of all those which that Year shall be assigned to hear and inquire of, or to do any Thing, whereby Fine or Amerciament, or other Profit appertaining to the King might, percase, or ought to arise, so that [thereby Commandment may be sent to send up the Estreats of the same.Õ]

And in the F.nd of the Estreat, the Redisseisins and Surcharges of Pastures, as before hath been.

Because that Justices, Inquirers, and others, which are assigned [to divers business to hear and deter.mine,'1] ought yearly to deliver into the Exchequer their Estreats of Fines and Amerciaments, made and taxed before them, and of all other Things happening by means of those Businesses, which to the King doth appertain, so that he may of the same be duly an.swered : And oftentimes it happeneth that divers of those Estreats be kept back so long, before they be delivered into the Exchequer, that the King [hath by Means thereof great Loss and Damage j5] and in Time of his Father it was ordained, amongst other Things, that Justices and Inquirors, whatsoever they were, and all others which ought to deliver Estreats into the Exche.quer, should cause them to be delivered from Year to Year at the Feast of Saint Michael; and Justices of Eyre should deliver their Estreats of their Eyre so soon as they were finished ; this Ordinance shall from henceforth be kept, and by Writ expressly commanded to the Justices of both Benches, and the Warden of the Forest on this side of Trent and beyond, that every of them shall from henceforth do ro of those Things as shall appertain to their Office.

And the Steward of the King's House for the Time being (6) be commanded and charged [by7] the King, to deliver yearly to the Treasurer of the Exche.quer, which is or shall be for the Time being, his Estreats, (*) perfedlly made, of the Fines, Amerciaments, Issues, Forfeitures, and all manner of other Profits arising to the use of the King, by reason of the Pleas or Quarrels holden and [hadÕ] before the said Steward and Marshal of the said Household, and this shall be done twice in the Year, that is to say, at [Easter and Michaelmas.I0]

Item Charge and Commandment (") be given to the Clerk of the Market and of Measures, that he deliver his Estreats for so much as appertained to his Office in the form abovesaid.

1 in succeimn, in each County. 1 whereon

1 il may he known to whom Commandment should he given to deliver the Estreats. * to hear and determine divert husinessei in the Realm,

Õ hath thereby had, on divert Occasion/, great Damages ; 6 shall

7 on behalf of * distinSly and 0 heard

¡ the Close of Easter, and the Morrow of St. Michvl. Ò shall


I. Fine*.

È. Charten, Lettera- Patcnt, Commia- aium.

j. Homagra, Fealties.

4. Gifts from the Crown.

5. AU other Matters whereon Fines, &c. may arise.

6. Redissei.sins, See.

How Estreats of Fines shall be made by Justices, Ste.

Estreats shall be returned by Steward of the Household;

By Clerk of the Market, &c.

192

16¡ Edwards II.

^¥-0.1323.

Estreats returnable by Warden of the Alnage;

By the KingÕa Butler.

Return of Priaage by Customers.

And the Warden of the Aulnage shall deliver yearly to the Treasurer of the Exchequer the Estreats of his Office, wherein shall be (1) contained all the Defaults which he hath found of Cloths (Õ) throughout the Realm, and also where, and when, and to whom the Cloths did appertain, which he found contrary to the Assize, and the Price, and to whom he hath delivered them, where and when, and by what Warrant.

Also the Butler for the King for the Time being (Õ) be charged (4) that all the Wines that he shall provide for the KingÕs use, either by himself or by his Attor- nies, in what Place soever it shall happen to be, that he shall make the same Provision by the View of the honestest Men in the Town where the same Purveyance shall happen to be, so that always (!) the same Pur.veyance may be witnessed by the View of Two of the best of the same Place. And if it happen that the same be in a Port, where are Gatherers of the KingÕs Custom, then the same shall be testified by them.

And no Customer from henceforth shall be [de.puted 6] to the Butler, so long as he shall be attendant upon the Custom. And the Butler which for the Time shall be, either by himself, or by his Deputy, shall put into a Roll all his Buyings in this manner, that is to say; how many Tuns; of whom he bought them ; (7) at what Time ; and by whose View.

And he shall inroll the Wines of Prisage in like man.ner; [how many Tuns; the Testimony ofÕ] the Per.sons of whom the Prisage was taken, where and when.

And all the Customers of England shall be charged, according as they are assigned for the gathering of Custom, within certain Bounds, that they twice yearly shall certify the Treasurer and Barons, that is to say, at the xv. of Easter and of Saint Michael, how many Ships have arrived within their Bounds within that Time loaden with Wines, and of whence they were, and who ought them, and when they arrived and dis.charged, and how much Wine every Ship did bring, &c. how many Ships arrived, of which the King did take Prise of Wine; and how many Tuns, and in what Ships the King did take Two Shillings for the Tun, and none other Prise, and of how many [Tuns] he did take Two Shillings for the Tun, and also other Prise.

' distinBly 1 contrary to the jfarizt,

1 ihall 4 hereafter * at the least,

4 Deputy " and where;

* at to the Number and the Testimony, and

I! le Gardein del aunage livre au Tresorier al Es. cheqer, annuelment, les estretes de son office, q dis- tin&ement conteignent totes les defautes qil av*a trove p tut en reaume, en draps countre assise, & ou, 8t q*nt, & a qi les draps sount, qil trove countre lawk^ & le pris, & a qi il les avera liveree, & ou, & q*nt, 8c p quel garaunt.

Item soit le Botiller le Roi, qest ou pr temps serra, charge desore q tuz les vins qil p'veera al oeps le Roi, p lui ou p ses attomez, en quel lieu q ceo soit, qil les face p'veer p vewe des bones gentz de la ville, ou la pÕveaunce avendra destre faite, issint tote feth q au moyns la p'veaunce soit tesmoigne p deux homes des mieuz vauez de meisme le lieu. Et si) aveigne q ceo soit en port, ou il ount coillours de la custume le Roi, adonq soit p eaux tesmoigne.

Et ne soit nul Custumer desore lieutenaunt le Bo. tiller, taunt come il soit entendant a la custume garden

Et face le Botiller, qest ou pr temps serra, p lui ou p ses lieux tenauntz, mettre en roule tutz ses achalz en ceste man!e, Cest asav1; q*ntz de toneux, de qi ou des queux achate, & ou, & q*nt, & p vewe des queux.

Item face enrouler les vyns des prises en meisme la manle, q*nt a nombre, & tesmoignaunce, & psones de queux la p'se se avera faite, & ou, & q*nt.

Et soient chargez tuz les Custumers DengletVe, solonc ceo q eux sount assignez a coiller la custume p ?teynes boundes, q eux annuelment Ctifient au Treso.rier & Barons, deux feth en lan, a la qÔnzeine de Pasq,, & a la q'nzeyne de Seint Michel, q*nt de niefs amount arivez deinz lour boundes, deinz les terns, chargez des vins, & dount les niefs sount, & a qi eles sount, & qÕunt eles arivont, & deschargeont, & come bien eles portent &c. & come bien des niefs arrivount, dount le Roi prent p'se de vyn; & com bien de toneux, & en queux niefs dount le Roi prent deux soudz pur le tonel, 8c ne mie autre prise, & com bien dount il p*nt deux soudz p1 le tonel, & ja le meyns autre prise (a).

(a) The following Memorandum is entered on the back of the Statute Roll, immediately after the above Statute. It is not inserted in any Printed Colledlion of Statutes previous to the Edition by Hawkins.

Memorand qd Mag? Hugo de Ingolisma, cticus & nuncius dni Johis divina pvidencia pp* xxij p ipm dnm pp*m in Angt missus ad negocia sua & ecctie romane faciend, venit ad dnm nrm Regcm apud Kenilworth in festo Naiat dni anno &c. decimo septimo cum bulla ipius dni pp' clausa, dco dno Regi dire£ta, sup recomendacoe dci ct:ci 8c nuncii sui, ac negocioj sibi comissoj), et sup- plicavit dco dno Regi ut sibi licenciam concederet negocia pdea libe psequendi ; et idem dns Rex hita inde delibacoe petebat bullas quibj dcus Hugo uti intendebat sibi & consilio suo exhiberi, quibj eidem dno Regi 8c consilio suo p dem Hugonem exhibitis ac t"nscriptis eajdem tÕditis, dcus dns Rex, p eo qd non huit magnu consiliu suii juxta se tunc temporis, dedit pifato Hugoni diem essendi coram consilio suo apud Westm in 0£tab sci Hillar tunc px futur, et misit t'nscripta ilia dco consilio suo infim exami- nanda. In dcis 0£bab venit dcus Hugo coram consilio dci dni Regis apud Westm, 8c exaiatis p'us t'nscriptis pdcis & contentis in eisdem p idem consiliu inhibitum fuit sibi distri£le ex pte dni Regis, ne ipe aliqua fa2et, seu atteinptaret, que in pjudiciu dci dni Regis, seu corone sue, aut op^ssione populi sui cedere possent; adjeclo in dca inhibicoe, qd si aliqui jJdecessores sui in officio sibi comisso aliqua fecissent, seu exccuissent in pjudiciu dci dni Regis seu Corone sue, aut oppssionem populi, qd ex hoc non assuniet audaciam talia faciendi, qm dcus Rex voluit qd ipe talia nullaten9 attemptaret; qd si forsitan secus fa2et attachiaret' in Cur dci dni Regis inde responsur, tarn ad sectam dci dni Regis q*m ad seilam alPius conquerentis, etiam si phibicio spalis sup sic attemptandis sibi delata non fuisset; quia dee inhibicio 8c phibicio, sic sibi fee p dem consiliu sufficiut in ^missis. Et hiis dcis pfatus Hugo dixit qd jlmissa sibi multu placuerint, & qd cum ipe de ?ra dci dni nri Regis de Ducatu Aquif oriundus fuisset, Sc alias in ducatu de consilio ipius dni Regis extitisset, ipe non intendebat aliqua fa2e vel attemptare, que in pjudiciu dci dni Regis .el Corone sue cedere possunt quoquo modo.


3wardi,h

i

is

ts

tt

le

tie

ed

')

de

DT-

lat

the

ice

ur-

¥est

be

>m,

de-

ant

ime

put

i to

(Õ)

an.

te-

en.

;ed,

of

uiy

Çy.

Ò7

that

and

dis-

did I in the ins] :her

\ R le Gardan del aim, ,

( 193 )

Ñ.uiott, us earns it ^'

un&ement contdgneni totes \es iAmn^

p tut en resume, en draps cornie

q*nt, k a qi les draps wunt, ql trou vm& A

k \e pro, k a qn\ les iven Vwere^kw,^. p quel gataunt.

Item sort le Botillei It Rot, qest o\i charge desote qtuales Vmsqip'TOii^

p \ui ou p ses attornei, en quel ieeqaj^ les late pÕveer p NeÈe des hones Ñ '

t .

cornier leRoi,^^, ^ desore qtu,les ri pl^ou P sesaÇornez,enqueUei^lt les face p'veer p vewe des bones genu'de h*' la p veaunce avendia destre faite, isš moyns la p'veaunce sok tesmoipe,^^ mieuz vauez de meisme le lieu. Etal]^' soit oi port, ou il ount coiUoundekeu^!! adonq soit p eaux tesmoigne.

I Et ne Òit ÒÒI Custumer desore liettas,. tiller, taunt come il soit attendant ik 0*3 a

II ^ce le Bodller, qest ou p' temps ten, t £. p ses lieux tenauntz, meure en roule tan B a en ceste maSe, Cea asa9; q'ntz de tau,^ des queux achate, kou, kqfit, kpresedso- f Item face enrouler les vyns des pruaeng^ ma8e, q*nt a nombre, it tesmoignaunce, l ^ queux la p'se se avera fake, 8t ou, it q*m.

f Et soient chargez tuz les Custom Ity. solonc ceo q eux sount assignez a tie tan p Steynes boundes, q eux annuebtnteiitaalij rier k Barons, deux feth en lan, a laqtaastlt^ k a la qnzeyne de Seint Michel, q*nt de nkhav arivez deinz lour boundes, deinz les tens, sje: vins, & dount les niefs sount, & a qi des xacin eles arivont, & deschargeont, k come bio ela jn kc. k come bien des niefs arriyoum, dost eb prent p'se de vyn; it com bien de torn, life niefc dount le Roi prent deux soudz purltifci ne mie autre prise, k com bien dount i pi . soudz pÕ le tonel, k ja le meps aumpk(tl

the Statute Roll, immediately alter tie aiottSta In ion by Hawkins.

Johis dirina pvidcncia pp1 uij p ipm Jim pj* iAij'a n apud Kenilworth in festo Natal Jffirafc toš udacoe dci ctici & nuncii sui, ac negocioy iikiwnÇ!È e psequendi j et idem dns Rei bin iode JdMiitfaiii by eidem dno Regi & consilio soo j> don Hujonea esblei coniiliu suu juiti sc tunc teitipom, JeJil jktoftfÈ* : pi futur, Ç misit t*nscripta iJJa ico mix šsaa .gia apud Westm, k eiaiatis pus t'mcnptis plffl4Çš: is, ne ipe aJiqua fiOct, sen atteinptirer, queinp&i: adjetfo in dci inhibiac, qdsiaiiqaijStea**3* Regis seu Corone sue, aat op^ssionem pqpai, qd a^5 niillstea* ittcmptint; qd si/oratansera q*m ad scdam al8us ronquerentij, etiam si (M** f'' cio, sic sibi fee p don consiliu suBciut in j*iš h*Õ

: de era dci dni nh Regis de Ducatn Aqiifawk^ debat aJiqua face rel attempure, qoe in yyudica .

Anno 17¡ EDWARDI, II. A.D.1323 & 1323-4.

£DjDtnacio De £>tatu X'xt $tDÕnÕ fÕea.*

ORDINANCE made for the State of the Land of IRELAND.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turn Lond. m. 30.

EDWARD p la g*ce de Dieu Roi DengletVe, Seign' Dirlaund, Dues Daquitaigne, a touz ceux qi cestes psentes Ires vVount ou orrount Salutz. Sachez qe a lamendement du guyement de nre Pre Dirlaund, a plus g'unt pees & t'nquillite de nre psoeple en cele tVe, a NotinghÕm, as oytaves del Seint Martin Lan de nre regne dis septisme, p assent de nre counseil illoeqs, sont les pointz

soutzescriz assentuz & acordez, a fin q eux soient tenuz & fermement gardez en meisme la Pre.

PrinJement q la Justice Dirlaund, ne nul autre nre Ministre en cele Pre, tancom ils sount en nos offices illoeqs, ne p'cbacent Pre ne tenement, dedeinz les

listes ou boundes de lour baillies, saunz nre congie es- peciale; et si nul face le contrair, ceo qil av*a p'chace soit enc'ru & forfait a nous, & noz heirs, sauve as chiefs Seign'ages de fee svices dues & accustumez, de Pres & tenementz issint encÕruz & forfaitz a no5.

Item q nre Justice Dirlaund, ne nul de nos autres Ministres iloeqs, p colour de lour offices, ne p>ignent vitailles, ne autres choses, de nuli, contre son gre, horp's en cas de necessite pr le comun pfit de

la rre; & adunqs q ceo ce face p lavis & lassent

de plus g'untz de nre counseil, celes pries, & p bref de nre Chauncellerie Dirlaund, et en cas q nous, ou noz heirs, [les1] comanderoms p brief de nre Chauncellerie DenglePre, ou p noz autres Ires.

Item q nre dite Justice, ne nul de noz autres mi.nistres iloeqs, p colour de lour office, ne arestent nyefs, ne autres biens des estraunges, ne des privez, mes q touz marchaunz & autres puissent carier bledz, & autres vitailles & marchandises hors de nre Pre Dirlaund, jesqs en nre roialme DenglePre, & en nre Pre de Gales, horp's en les cas susditz, fesauntz les custumes dues & useez; Issint totes voies qil facent covenable seurte qil ne irrount, ne ne comune- rent, od noz enemis Descoce [ne noz autres enemis Ô] si nul fuissent. Et si nul Justice, ou autre Mi.nistre, face le contrair des choses susdites, & de ceo soit atteint, face gre au pleintif de ses damages a double, & jadumeyns soit grevement puni devs nous.

Item pr le seal nre Justice Dirlaund de chescune bille de g*ce, q*ter deniers, & pr lescriptre de chescune bille deux deners, desore soient pris & paiez & nient plus.

Ite de celui qest comaunde a la prisone, p auftorite de nre Courtj q*nt il sra delivres, quatre deners soient pÔs pr le fee du Mareschal, k nient plus. Et si p cas nul veigne encountre les choses susdites, & de ceo soit ateint a nre seute ou a seute de ptie, face gree a la ptie & soit grevement puni dePs no5.

1 le Rot. Pat.

Õ Interlined on the Statute Roll.ÑRot.Pat. inserts.

Statute the First.

FEDWARD by the Grace of God, King of England, j Lord of Ireland, Duke of Aquirain, to all those who shall see or hear these Letters, doth send Salutation. Know you, that for the Amendment of the Govern.ment of our Realm of Ireland, and for the Peace and Tranquillity of our People of the same Land, at Not.tingham, the Oftaves of Saint Martin, in the Seventeenth Year of our Reign, by the Assent of our Council there being, the Points hereafter mentioned be made and agreed upon, to the Intent that they may be (') firmly observed in the same Realm.

FIRST, that the Justice of Ireland, nor any other Officer of ours of the same Realm, so long as they are in our Service there, shall purchase any Land or Tene.ment within the List or Bound of their Bailiwicks, without our special Licence; And if any do the con.trary, that which he shall purchase shall accrue and be forfeit to us and our Heirs; saving to the Chief Lord of the Fee the Services due and accustomed for the Lands and Tenements so accruing and forfeit to us.

ALSO, that neither our Justice of Ireland, nor any other of our Officers there, by colour of their Offices, shall take Vifkuals, or any other Things, of any Person against his Will, but in Time of Necessity, for the com.mon Profit of the Realm ; and that then he shall do it by the Advice and Assent of the greatest Part of our Council in those Pans, and by a Writ awarded out of our Chancery of Ireland; and in such case as We or our Heirs do command by a Writ awarded out of our Chancery of England, or by other Warrants.

MOREOVER, that [none of our Justices,1] nor any of our other Ministers (3) by colour of their Office, shall (4) arrest Ships, nor other Goods, of Strangers or of our own People ; but that all Merchants and others may carry their Com, and other Victuals and Merchan.dises, forth of our Realm of Ireland unto our Realm of England, and unto our Land of Wales, [saving in the Case aforesaid5], paying the Customs due and used ; so that they make good Security that they shall not go unto, nor commerce with our Enemies of Scotland, nor other of our Enemies, if any shall be. And if any Justice or other Officer do the contrary in the Things aforesaid, and be thereof attainted, he shall satisfy the Plaintiff Double Damages, and also shall be grievously punished [by us.6]

HEREAFTER there shall be taken and paid for the Seal of our Justice of Ireland, for every Bill of Grace iv. d. and for the Writing of every Bill ii. d. and no more.

AND there shall be taken of him which is committed to Prison by Authority of our Court, when he shall be delivered, iv.d. for the MarshalÕs Fee, and no more. And if any do offend the Ordinances aforesaid, and thereof be attainted at our Suit, or the Suit of the Party, he shall make Sarisfa&ion to the Party, and be greviously punished [by us.6]

I.

The Kintr*Ç Officer* anall not purchanc Land without Licence.

II.

Purveyance.

III.

Exporting of Merchandize.

IV.

Fees of a Bill of Grace.

V.

Fee of the Marshal.

1 kept and 3 there,

6 on our behalf.

* Our satd Justice,

1 except in the Cases after mentioned.

¥ This Title is from the Margin of ihe Patent Roll 17 Edru.II. P. 1. m. 3. on which this Ordinance is entered. On the Statute- Roll it immediately follows the last Statute of 15 Edw. II. In the Printed Copies it is attributed to the 1 7th Year of King Edward I

VOL. I.


3 d

VI.

Pardons and Proteftions.

VII.

The Sealing of Writs.

VIII.

Adjournment of Assises of Novel Disseisin.

For the pro.mulgation of the Articles in the said Ordinance contained, in the Land of Ireland.

AND that no Pardon from henceforth shall be granted by our Justice of Ireland, of the Suit of our Peace for the Death of a Man, nor for other Felony, nor [for flying for the same, to them'] which shall be accused or indifted of such Felonies; nor shall be sealed with our Seal there, without the special Commandment of Us Ourselves, under some of our Seals of England ; saving that our said Justice of Ireland, and our Chan.cellor of Ireland, with the Advice of our Council of Ire.land, may grant Pardon of Felonies committed before the Date hereof, so they shall perceive it may stand with our Honour and Profit, and Peace and Tranquillity of our People there, and with the Commandment which they have received from us : So always that there be no Pardon or Protection granted of those Felonies which shall be hereafter committed, without the special Com.mandment of Us Ourselves, as is aforesaid.

AND that none of our Officers shall receive an ori.ginal Writ pleadable at the Common Law, but such as be sealed by the great Seal of Ireland, nor any Process shall be made by any other Writ, saving that by our Seal of our Exchequer of Ireland, of Things touching that Court, it shall be done as by reason it ought to be, and according as it hath been heretofore accustomed.

ITEM, that our Justice of the same Realm shall not, by his Writs or Letters, delay or adjourn any Assise of Novel disseisin before him, but in the County where he shall be present, and during that Time as he shall remain in the same County.

In Witness whereof We have caused these our Letters Patents to be made. Dated at Nottingham the Four and twentieth Day of November, the Seventeenth Year of our Reign.

The King, to his Chancellor of Ireland for the Time being, Greeting. Certain Articles concerning Us, and the State of our Land of Ireland, and of our Officers there, by Us with the Advice of our Council ordained, We do send to you under our Seal in Form Patent; commanding that the said Articles in the Rolls of our Chancery aforesaid, you do cause to be en.rolled, and the same under our Seal of Ireland, in Form Patent, to be exemplified, and to be sent to our Justices of our Land aforesaid, and to our Justices of the Bench at Dublin, and to our Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer at Dublin, and to our other Officers in the same Land, where to you shall seem meet; giving command to them, and on our Part straitly enjoining, that all and singular the Articles aforesaid, in their Courts and Bailiwicks they do cause to be published, and so much as to them belongeth, to be observed, according to the Form of the Articles aforesaid. And that the aforesaid Justices, Treasurer, and Barons, the same Articles do in like Manner cause to be enrolled in their Rolls : Moreover We will, and do enjoin and command you, that on the Petition and Prose.cution of any one, complaining of any Attempt or Attempts against the Articles aforesaid, or any of them, so often as you shall be required, under our Seal of Ireland aforesaid, as well for Us as for such Complainants, you do cause due and speedy Remedy to be applied ; so that you may not be blamed for any Default, Indifference, or Negleft therein. In Witness Sec. Witness the King at Nottingham the Twenty-fourth Day of November.

1 any Protection for him

Item q nul pdoun de la seute de nre pees, [pur mort de home Õ] ne pr autre felonie, ne tuicion pÕ celui qi €ra des tieux felonies rettes ou endite, ne soit frit, ne g*untie desore, p nre Justice Dirlaund, ne seale de nre seal iloeqs, santz especial comaundement de nous meismes, desouz ascuns de noz seals Dengle- Pre; sauve q nre dite Justice, & nre Chaunceller Dirlaund, ov lavisement de nre Counseil Dirlaund, puissent faire pdon des felonies, frites devant la date de cestes, solonc Ce q pr nre honr & pfit, & pees & fnquillite de nre poeple illoeqs veient q fait a faire, & solonc le maun dement qils enount de nous. Issint totes voies q des felonies q se ferount desore, nul pdoun se free, ne tuicion soit g'ntie, sanz especial edmandement de no9 meismes, si com desus est dit.

Item q nul brief original, pledable a la coe lei, ne soit resceu p nul de noz ministres, forsq, brief seale desouz nre g*uut seal Dirlaund, ne nul pees fait p autre brief, sauve q p nre Seal de nre Escheqer Dir.laund, des choses tochantz cele place, soit fait aussi come doit estre frit de reson, & solonc ceo q cea en arere ad este acustumee. Item q nre Justice de la dite Pre, p ses briefs ou Ires, ne targe ne ajome assise de novele disseisine devaunt lui, forsq, en le Conte ou il sra p-sent, & tantcome il demorra en meisme le Conte.

En tesmoignaunce de quele chose nous avoms fait faire cestes noz ires ov^tes. Don a Notingh le xxiiij. jour de Novembr, Lan de nre regne dis septisme.

Ex Rot. Pat. 17 Ed. II. P.l.m. 3.

IJ. Cancellar suo Hifen, qui p tempore f3.it saftm. Quos- dam Articulos, nos 8c statum Pre nre Hibn & Ministroj nro^ ibidem tangentes, p nos de avisamento consilii nri ordi- natos, vob mittim9 sub sigillo nro in forma patenti; man- dantes qd Articulos ilfos in rotulis Cancellar nre pdee irrotu- lari, 8c eos sub sigillo nro Hibn in forma patenti exemplificari, 8c Justic nro Pre pdee, ac Justic nris de Banco Dublin, 8c Thes 8c Baron nns de Sc*cio Dublin, ac aliis Ministris nns in eadem Pra, ubi expedire videritis, mitti fac; Mandantes eisdem 8c ex pte nra districcius injugentes, qd omes & sin- gtos articulos pdcos, in placiis 8c battis suis publicari, 8c qÕntum ad ipos ptinet observari faciant, juxta formam arti- culoj pdeo^. Et qd pdei Justic, Thes 8c Barones, articulos eosdem similiP in rotulis suis faciant irretulari: Volum9 in- sup 8c vobis injugim9 8c mandam9, qd ad peticoem & psecu- coem cujuslibet, conquerentis de attemptato seu attemptatis cont1 articulos pdcos, seu aliquem eosdem, quociens requisiti fSitis, sub sigillo nro Hibn pdeo, tarn p nob q'm hujusmodi conquerentibj, debitum & festinu remedium fac; Ita qd non possitis sup aliquo defettu tepiditate vel negligencia rejJhendi. In cuj9 8cc. T.R. apud Notingh xxiiij. die Nov.

D'anicslii in dca Ordinac contends, in Pra Hibn pubkandk

1 Interlined on the Statute Roll.ÑRot. Pat. inserts.

De 3Cerri0 Xemplartojunt*

STATUTE concerning THE Lands OF THE TEMPLARS.

Statute the Second.

FOR that the Military Order of Templers ceasing and being dissolved, the Lands and Tenements (') in Demeasnes, Fees, and Services [of the Brethren of the same Order which they held in their Fraternityl] in the Realm of England, in the Time of the same ceasing and Dissolution of the foresaid Order, which were holden of our Lord the King, and divers other

* in the hands of the Brethren of the same Order,

* as of the Right of the aforesaid Brethren, being

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 31 d.

QUIA cessante et adnullato ordine Milicie Templi, Pre & ten, in manibj frm ejusdem ordinis in diiicis, feodis & €viciis, ut de jure frm pÕdcoij in regno Angt existencia, tempore cessacois 8c adnullacois or- dinis sup'dCi, que de dno Pr, & aliis diesis dnis in

¥ This Title is from the Printed Copies ; No Title appears on the Roll.


I

195

1.

Pro Hib.

c.6-

.8.

Item q mi pdoun dt \È wm 4. ^ mon de home'-] m p' mtre ce\ti qt $ra des deux fe\TOes wm w ^

ÈÇ to, M £utme taoRj^TO^#^'

scale de tie seal Woeqs, mi tspsh de nous melsmes, desouz isoua 4t tot ?te\ sauve q we dite Justice, kmlj^ Birlaund, 0^ Wiseman de we Cami^ puissent toe pdon des Meries, (am de cestes, soVmc te q ?Õ tut Wk fnquilltte de tiie yxyV fflowj vooi^y it solotic le maundemait qds enomJttia^ totes voles q des Monies q se ietw iw.v pdoun se toe, ne tuidoti *È $È, š * comandemetvt de nc? tm*"* Ò'

m rÇcÇu pquI a.

sr*-*ª. S.rry

r****-^ ,7£

..Bl **+È****Ç.Ç

tore cestes noz tresoPtes. DonaNotirfU

jour de Novembr, Lan de nrc regnt ds^a

bb-Pl.llEllLt.ny R- Cancellar suo Hibn, qui p tempore fSi nil (È dam Articulos, not k ttatum ftt nit Hitt tfa wof ibidem tangentej, p nos de avisamento coed id natos, rob minim5 sub sigiilo nro in foraapsa;* dantei qd Articulos illos in rotulis Caocellai me jlfr os lari, k eos sub sigiilo nfb Hibn in forma patesti tone k Justic nro Pre fidee, ac Justic nris defiancnMii Thel Sc Baron nris de Sc*cio Dublin, ac ifisKai in eadem era, ubi eipedire videritis, mini foe; Kail eisdem Sc eipte nra districcius injugemes, qdoaaU gtos articulos pdcos, in placiis & balii suis fÇiz,i q*ntum ad ipos ptinet obsenrari faciant, juita fa** t culop fjeoy. Et qd pdo Justic, Tbci i Bnao,Bs eosdem simdiP in rotulis suis faciant tnctulari: ViWÈ sup Sc vobis injugim9 Sc tnandam5, qd ail pfiabp coem cujuslibet, conquerentis de attemptato ss cš conr* articulos pdcus, seu aliquem eopdem, pÇwÇÇ* fHitis, sub sigiilo nro Hibnpdeo, tamp#*^š conquerentibj, debitum & festini remeinm KiM* possitis sup aliquo defeftu tepiditate Çl In cuj* See. T.R. apud Notingb niiq.ditU

¥ Interlined on the Statute kl-fah**

Itrioim*

the TEMPLARS.

pie Rot. Stm. in Ttirr.Ltidi lll

ssknte et admillito oAMx^ : ten, in minib) fra ejusJen ttfc1 1 & sviciis, ut lie jure fm *?

icia, tempore asactii k i, que de dno ft, k a&dri^1

J.D.1323-4. IT0 Edw. II. Slat.2. de terns Templar.

eodem regno tenebant' seisita fuerunt in manibj dni Ji, & aliop divWsp dnojt feodop illop : qui h9i ten occoe pdea ad ipos tanq*m escaetas suas rePti debere vendicabant: Postmod in pliamento illustris principis dni Edwardi Jt, fil JJr Edwardi, siimunito & convocato apud Westm, a die Purificac&is b? Marie in tres sep- dmanas, anno regni ejusde dni Jir decimo septimo, magnus t*ftatus hebat' coram ipo dno Jl, in p'sencia Prelato^, Comitum, Baronu, pPum, magnatu, 8e alio^ ibidem tunc existenciu, an scitt dni feodoj> |?dfof, seu [alia1] qui pdCa ten, que fuerunt pdfop Templario^ ut pdicit', occupabant, possent scfdm lege 9re & sana consciencia ea retinere: sup quo, eonvocatis majoribj de consilio dni Jl, tam JustiS q*m aliis laicis psonis, Justic pdei pcise dixerunt, qd dns Jfc, & alij dni feodo^ pdcop, bene & licite pos.sum pdea ten, tanq*m escaetas suas, p legem tre re.tinere, occoe cessacois & adnullacionis ordinis sup'dci: set quia ter re & ten pdea [data1] fuerunt frib} dci Ordinis ob defensione Xpianojs et tre see cont* paga- nos, & Saracenos, & alios inimicos Xpi & Xpianop, & univsalis sacrosce ecctie; placuit & videbatr dno Jib, ac dcis Magnatib} & aliis in dCo pliamento congregatis, ob salutem aia^, & consciencie serenacoeni, qd cum d£fus ordo Milicie Templi ob defensionem Xpiano^, & univÕsalis see ecclie, & expugnacoem inimicoij Xpi & Xpicolaji, fuit originalit institutus & canonizatus & ad divini cultus augmentu, ac elemosinap largicoem magnificam, qd pdee ?re & ten, in dnicis, dfiiis, & sviciis, libtatib} & consuetudinib;, & ofuibj aliis ad ea ptinentibj, & ab eisdem qualitcumq, dependentib3, sedm voluntatem donatop aliis hoib3 scissime religionis assignarent' & t*derentr; ad ipo£ t ra^ & ten, & reji alia^ inde pvenienciu, fruftus obvencoes & emolu- menta, in pios usus ut pdicit' convÕtenda, & salubri? eroganda: & sup hoc in dco pliamento concordats est, pvisum & statutu, p lege in hac pte ppetuo du- ratura, qd nec dns Rex, nec aliquis alius dns feodo^ pdeo^, seu alia quecumq, psona, titulu nec jus beat Pdea ?ras & ten cu ptifi seu aliquam ptem eosdem, note escaete seu alio modo retinendi, seu eadem ten imposterum vendicandi, occone cessacois & adnullacbis pdefi ordinis Milicie Templi, de quib3 fres ejusdem ordinis seisiti fuerunt, in diiico suo ut de feodo, tempore cessacois & adnullacbis pdcap; non obstante qd pdea 9re & ten, post dcas cessaCbem & adnullacione, ad manus div*so^ p successionem bedi- tariam, donacoem seu pquisitu, vel alio modo devene- runt, ac eciam quacumq, lege seu consuetudine regni Angt, p quam seu p quas pdea concordia pvisio & statutu, seu assignacio & t*dicio de pdfis fris & ten, ut pdicit', impediri quovismodo debeat, impugnari, seu contraplitari: veru quia ordo frm Hospitat sci Jobis Jertm consimili? ob defensionem X piano& s£e ecctie, pvisus fSat institutus & canonizatus, con- cordatum est 8c statutu, in dco pliamento p pdem dnm Regem, Prelatos, Comites, Barones, & alios pees ddi regni ibidem existentes, qd ex quo ordo pdcus Tem- plariojs cessat & adnullat', & Pdfus ordo Hospitalis in defensione Xpianop & ecclie s?e pvisus, institutus, & canonizatus fuit, sicut pdffum est, qd oiiiia tre 8c ten, dnia, feoda ecclie, advocacoes ecctiaji, 8c libtates cu ofiiib3 63 quali?cumq, speftantib3, que fuerunt

1 alii Old Printed Cepies. * Interlined on the Roll.

Lords in this Kingdom, were seised into the Hands of our Sovereign Lord the King, and of divers other Lords of the Fees of them; who [challenged the same Lands for the Consideration aforesaid, that the same Lands ÔJ ought to revert to them as their Escheats: Whereupon, after, in a Parliament of the most noble Prince King Edward, Son of King Edward, summoned and assem.bled at Westminster, Three Weeks after the Day of the Purification of the blessed Virgin Mary, in the Seven.teenth Year of the Reign of the same King, great Con.ference was had before the King himself, in the presence of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, Nobles, and great Men of the Realm, and others there present, whether the foresaid Lords of the Fees, or others which held those Lands that were the foresaid Templers, as is aforesaid, might retain them by the Law of the Realm, and with safe Conscience: Whereupon, the greater Part of the King's Council, as well the Justices as other Lay Per.sons being assembled together, The said Justices affirmed precisely, that our Lord the King, and other Lords of the Fees aforesaid, might well and lawfully, by the Laws of the Realm, retain the foresaid Lands as their Escheats, in regard of the ceasing and Dissolution of the Order aforesaid : But because the Lands and Tenements aforesaid were given to the Brethren of the said Order for the Defence of Christians, and the Holy Land against Pagans and Sarazens, and other Enemies of Christ and Christians, and the Universal Holy Church ; It seemed good to our Lord the King, the Noblemen, and others assembled in the same Parliament, for the Health of their Souls and Discharge of their Con.sciences, That whereas the said Military Order of Tem.plers were originally instituted for the Defence of Chris.tians and the Universal Holy Church, Subversion of the Enemies of Christ and Christians, and canonised to the Augmentation of [the Honour of God and liberal Alms-giving, that the foresaid Lands and Tenements in Demeasnes, Lordships, Services, Liberties, Customs, and all other Things pertaining thereunto, and [by any Thing3] depending thereupon, according to the Wills of the Givers, shall be assigned and delivered to other Men of most Holy Religion ; to the Intent the Fruits, Reve.nues, and Profits of the same Lands, Tenements, and other Things (*) may be converted and charitably dis.posed to godly uses (5): And thereupon in the same Parliament It is agreed, ordained, and established for Law to continue for ever (6), That neither our Lord the King, nor any other Lords of the Fees aforesaid, or any other Person, hath Title or Right to retain the foresaid Lands and Tenements, with the Appurtenances or any Part thereof, in [regard7] of Fscheat, or by any other Means, or hereafter to challenge the same Lands in resped of the ceasing or dissolution of the foresaid Mili.tary Order of Templers, whereof the Brethren of the same Order were seised in their Demesnes as of Fee, at the Time of the ceasing and dissolution aforesaid ; Not.withstanding that the foresaid Lands and Tenements, after the said ceasing and dissolution, came to the Hands of divers Persons by Descent of Inheritance, Gift, or Purchase, or by any other Means; and notwithstanding any Law or Custom of the Realm of England, whereby this [Law, Ordinance, and Statute, touching"] the Assignment and Conveyance of the foresaid Lands and Tenements (Õ) might be hindered, impugned, or coun.terpleaded : [Seeing'¡] the Order of the Brethren of the Hospital of Saint John of Hierusalem was likewise or.dained, instituted, and canonised for the Defence of Christians and the Holy Church : It is agreed and enadled in the said Parliament by our foresaid Lord the King, the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men of the Realm, there being, That insomuch as the foresaid Order of the Templers is ceased and dissolved, and the foresaid Order of the Hospital is provided, instituted, and ca* nonised, for the Defence of Christians, ("J as is afore.said, That all the Lands, Tenements, Lordships, Fees, Churches, Advowsons of Churches, and Liberties, with all Things to them (l!) belonging, which were the said

1 cla'meil that the same Lands, on the Occafson afor.-s.ii.l,

1 Divine IVorehip any may

4 thence arising 3 as is aforesaid

1 in this behalf 7 the name

* sfccorsl, Provision, and Statute, or 1 as is a forcin' I

10 But because 41 and the Poly Church,

I ** any way

Whether, the Order of Tcmpbri being

dissolved, the Lord* of the Fees might enjoy their Lands.

The Chief Lords shall not have TemplarsÕ Lands by Escheat.

Lands of the T emplars

ftven to the 'rior of the Hospital of Saint John of Jerufalcm.


196

17¡ Edw. II. Stat. 2. de terris Templar.

A.d. 13234,

TemplersÕ at the Time of their ceasing and dissolution, shall be assigned and delivered to the foresaid Order of the Hospital, and to the Prior and Brethren of the same Hospital, to remain to them and their Successors for ever: Wherefore our said Lord the King, by the mutual Assent of the Earls, Barons, and Noblemen aforesaid, (') of his Regal Authority, in the same Parliament hath assigned and determined to deliver all the foresaid Lands, Tenements, Lordships, Fees, Churches, Advow- sons, and Liberties, with their Appurtenances, to the foresaid Order of the Hospital, and to the said Prior and Brethren of the said Order : To have and hold to the same Prior and his Brethren, and (Õ) Successors, for ever, of our Lord the King, and other Lords of the Fees aforesaid, by the same Services, by which the Brethren of the Military Order of Templers held the same, at the Time of their ceasing and dissolution ; as in relieving of the Poor, in Hospitalities, in celebrating divine Ser.vice, Defence of the Holy Land, and [in all other Offices3] and Services before time due, by whatsoever Names they be called. So always that the godly and worthy Will of the foresaid Givers be (*) observed, performed, and always religiously executed, as is afore.said : Saving to every Person his Aftion, if he had any, the Time of the ceasing and dissolution aforesaid, against the same Templers in the foresaid Lands and Tenements, (s) Rents, Services, Customs, Pensions, Corrodies, Liberties, celebrating of Masses, Alms, and other Things whatsoever, and Liberty to prosecute his Right against the said Prior and Brethren of the Hos.pital aforesaid, [and their Brethren6] and their Succes.sors, according to the Law and Custom of the Realm, as he might have had against the foresaid Templers, if the Order aforesaid had not been dissolved: And if it fortune that the said Prior and Brethren of the Hospital aforesaid, or their Successors, shall be put out of the foresaid Lands and Tenements, or of any Parcel thereof, after they shall be seised of the same, they shall have [power to recover their own7] according to the Law of the Realm.

And to the Intent that the Assignment before spe.cified may be published and made known to all Men to whom it behoveth : It is ordained and agreed in the same Parliament, that it shall be openly proclaimed in every County of this Kingdom, that all and every Person holding the Lands and Tenements aforesaid, and all others to whom it doth appertain, shall be at Westminster one Month after Easter Day next, if they will, to hear the Concord, Provisiori, and Assignment aforesaid ; in Form aforesaid. 1

1 in the fullness * their 3 by all ether Charges

< in all things 3 or any part of them,

6 Omit these words. 1 their Right of Recovery thereof

(a) The Entry on the Statute Roll ends here; In Secunda Part Vetcrum Stotutorum printed in 1532, the following Sentences are added:

Plus non habetur in rotulo stat.

H Et ut hujusmodi assignatio omnibus et singulis, quorum interest, innotescat et manifestetur, Provisum est et concorda- tum in eodem Perliamento, quod in singulis comitatibus regni Anglie publice proclametur, qd omnes et singuli tenentes terras et ten predi&a, et omnes alii, quoru interest, sint apud Westm a die pasche proxi. futur in unu mensem si voluerint, autt concordiam provisionem et assign prediftas in forma predifta.

On Rot. Claus. 17 Ed. II. m. 14. is entered a Writ to the Sheriff of Lincoln, DÕ Concordia Ordinacoe 8c Statuto p Hospitalar feis audiendis : After reciting the Substance of the enadting part of the Statute, the Writ concludes thus:

ddo£ Templariojj, de tempore cessacois & adnullacois pddap, p>dfo ordini Hospitalis, & priori & fritrj ejm- dem ordinis assignent' & liftent', sibi & successoribj suis imppm remansura: p qd idem Dns Rex, de unanimi consensu Comitu, Baronu, & pce^ pdSlojt, de plenitudine regie potestatis, omia pMca tVas & ten, dnia, feoda, ecctias, advocacies, & libtates, cu ptin, p>d?o ordini Hospital p*d?i, & Priori & friby ejusdem ordinis, in eodem pliamento assignavit, & ea eis lrbari decrevit: bend & tenend eisdem Priori & frity, & successor^ suis, de dno Rege, & aliis dnis feodo^ pdcop, p ilia eadem svicia p que fres ordinis Milicie Templi ea tenuerunt, tempore cessacois & adnullacSis ejusdem ordinis Milicie Templi; ut in refeccoe paupum, hospitalitatibj, divino^ celebracionibj, defensione tre see, et omib3 aliis oniibj & Õ3viciis prius debitis, quo- cunq, n5ie censeant', imppm. Ita semp qd pia & saluberrima voluntas pdcojj donatop, sicut p>dfm est, in omibj teneat', expleat', & ppetuo scissime pse- veret ; salva semp cuilifet accone sua, si quam tiuit tempore cessacois & adnullacois pdcap, vÕsus ipos Templarios, in p>d£:is tVis & ten, seu aliqua pte eop- dem, redditibj, sviciis, consuetudinibj, pensionibj, cor- rodiis, libacoibj, missap celebrac&ibj, elemosinis, (t aliis oSibj quibuscumq,, jus suu versus pdCos Priorem & Fres Hospital pdSi, & eoj successores psequendi, sJfdm legem & consuefudine regni, sicut v*sus pdfos Templarios beret, si ordo p*d£us non esset adnullatus: et si forsan pdei Prior & Fres Hospital p*d?i, vel eo^ successores, de |?d?is ?ris & ten, seu aliqua pte eo^dem, postq'm seisiti fuerunt de eisdem, sint ejecti, beant inde suu recupare sedm legem coem. (a)

Nos ut hujusmodi assignacio, omibj & singlis quop incest* innotescat, & manifested, tibi ^cipim9 firmi? injungentes, qd in pleno Com tuo, necnon in Civitatibj, Burgis, villis i3ca- toriis &c aliis locis in balliva tua, tarn infra libtates q*m ext*, ubi expedire videris, publice fac pclamari, qd omes tenentes Pras 8c ten pdea, vel aliquam ptem eo^dem, 8c omes alii quo^ invest, sint apud Westm a die Pasche pi futur in unu mensem, si vol2int, auditur concordiam, ordinacoem, pvisiu- nem, statutu, 8c assignacoem sup'dca Et quid inde feSs reddas nos sub sigillo tuu distindle 8c apte, ad diem [idem, ctiores. Et feeas ibi hoc bre. T. fy. apud Westm xxvj. die Marcij.

Eodem modo mand est subscriptis, mutatis mutand, videit.

Singti3 vicecomitibj p Angl.

Epo Dunolm. Justic Waft.

Comiti CesP.


n,

of

me

for

Jai

Çh

aid

w.

he

nd

:he

for

xs

en

he

ng

a-.

icr

er

lly

¥d,

¥e-

ad

a,

id

Ç,

id

its

>$-

s-

.È,

id

le

ut

el

7

to

e-

n

de¡? TÇnplarioa a

¡rdini Hcpha

decrevit: hend & successorify suLs de d'

eJusdem ordiais Milica TÇ. r ^

. SSst

¥&,Ç<ÇÇ>)

Ô**TÔ "*È (Sh 4

" Ò1H S È. s,

Veret; alvi KmP cuilibucMa^,'^ tempore cessac&is & aUhBb TempUnos, in p>dSj ?ris & ten, icb dem, redditity, svidis, consuetudinibj, pš^. rodiis, libacoibj, misaj ceJebracoiln, dess, aliis onibi quibuscumq,, jus suu vompfePj. & Fra Hospial pdS, it coj succesm^ sMm legem & consuetudine regni, Mmš Templarios heret, si ordo ptasaoa tsttsisb et si forsan p>dS Prior St Fres Hospnl jfet eop successores, de j5dfis ?ris & ten, sen a&jay eojdem, postq'm sdsiti fuerunt de eisdem, ate hcant inde suu recupare scdm legem com, u)

Nos ut hujusmodi assignacio, omib; it stagiu?#1š innotescat, & manifestctÕ, tibi jlcipim* firmiÕt iwp; in pleno Com tuo, necnon in CiTiatibj, Bap, ÇSÈ toriis Sc aliis loci* in ballira flu, am Çbš*^ ubi eipediie rideris, publice fac pcluuin, <4*š fns Sc ten pdca, tel aliquam pirn ^iš1 quo. infest, lint spud Westi a die ft*1* P š"s mensem, si volUint, audituf concordª, ofa*? nem, stanitu. Sc assignscoem sipMca It ^ reddas nos sub sigillo to c,lores. E. fleas ibi hoc bre. T.JV**'" Marcij. . , .

Eodem modo mand est subscriptis, MW w* Singtis vicecoantibj p Angt.

Epo Dunolin. Jusdc Wafl.

Comiti Ces?.

UJ.

1Y.

( 197 )

STATUTES OF UNCERTAIN DATE*

lies <£statu3 Del Csd&ekcre.

The STATUTES of the EXCHEQUER.f

Ex Lib. Scacc. Westm' X.fo. 28. (32.)

LE REY velt ke totes manles de baillifs, viscontes e autre ministres, ausi ben la Justice de Cestre, come les Baillifs [des Ylles'] com autres, de tote maneres de [recevurs1] des issues des gardes e de eschetes de lor baillie, seient responaunz al Eschekere e yleokes rendent lor acounte au Tresorer e as Barons del Eschekere.

E tuz les viscontes fermers e baillifs de Pnchises e autres ke deivent venir au porofre del Eschekere, len- demain de la Seint Michel, e lendemain da la cluse Pasche por paier lor fermes, rentes, e les issues ke apendent au Rey, vengent as avautdit tmes e portet ileokes pleinemet les avautdites ferme', rentes, e issues, e les paient al Eschekere. E si nul defaut de paier pleinemet ceo kil deit paier, si com est avaunt dit, son core demeorge sau departir jekes a taut kil eyt paie ou gre fet: E celi ke ne vendra as avautdit tmes seit aiScie solum les [estatuz Õ] del Eschekere ; E a ceus meme ?mes, les Viscontes e les Baillifs portent e paient les deners [kil deveront au Rey,4] kil averunt receu de la somounce del Eschekere, e des autres dettes le Rey ; E de totes choses avautdites seient prests e apparillez de fere veue daconte.

E ke tuz les Baillifs de Pnchises ke deivent lever les dettes le Rey, e respondre as Viscontes a lur maun- dement, solum les estretes de la somounce del Esche.kere, vengent e respoynent soffisaument; e ceus ke ne frunt demeorgent lor cors en la garde du Visconte. E les Viscoz, par lor defaute enveient lever cele' dettes par lor baillifs demeine, par la ou il porrunt, si com lem [sout5] fere en tens passee. E si ceus Baillifs ne vengent de ceo a respondre, au jor ke les Viscontes lur front asaver, les Viscontes entrent en la Pnchisc e facent lever les dettes par meme la maSe.

Endreit de la Justise de Cestre e du Baillif [des ylles1] velt le Rey kil [enveientš] p akun de [lurÔ7] al porofre de la Seint Michel chekun an, ceo kil deveront au Rey a cel terme; E al porofre de la cluse Pasche vengent eus memes, e portent ceo kil deverunt au Rey a donke. E la Justice de Cestre eit jur dacunte de an en an a la quinzeine de Pasche. E le Bailiff [des ylleÕ1] lendemain de la cluse Pasche.

1 de illonqes Printed Copies.Ñdes Isles MS. Cott.

* resceites MS. Cott: Printed Copies.

5 usages MS. Cott. Printed Copies.

4 MS. Cott; and Printed Copies omit, i soleit, MS. Cott.

* viegnent, MS. Cott. Printed Copies.

7 eux, Printed Copies.

TIE KING commandeth, that all manner of Bailiffs, Sheriffs, and other Officers, as well the [Justices'] of Chester, and [other Bailiffs of these Counties,1] as other, [that be Receivers'] of Wards, (4) of Escheats, [and other'] Bailiwicks, shall be answerable in the Exchequer, and there shall make account to the Treasurer and Barons of the same Place.

AND that all Sheriffs, Fermors, Bailiffs of Franchises, and other, [shall comeš] to the Prefer in the Exchequer, the [Monday7] after the Feast of St. Michael, and the Monday after the Utas of Easter, for to pay their Ferms, Rents, and Issues belonging to the King, (*) and shall bring at the foresaid Terms, the foresaid Ferms, Rents, and Issues [due,] wholly (Õ) into the Exchequer, [as before is mentioned.] And if [they make default, their Bodies'0] shall remain without departing from thence, until [they"] have paid or made Agreement: And he that will not come at the Terms aforesaid, shall be amerced after the [Customu] of the Exchequer: And the Sheriffs and Bailiffs at the same Terms shall bring and pay such Money as (Ó) they have received of the Summons of the Exchequer, and other the KingÕs Debts; and shall be prepared and ready to make [hill Account,4] of the Things aforesaid.

And that all Bailiffs of Franchises, which ought to levy the KingÕs Debts, and be answerable to the Sheriffs thereof, (Õ') shall come and account sufficiently, accord.ing to the Extreats of the Summons of the Exchequer; and such as do not, their Bodies shall remain in Ward of the Sheriffs: And for Default in them, the Sheriffs shall cause the Debts to be levied by their own Bailiffs, [where they have Power,"Ô] as they have used to do in Time passed. And if the Bailiffs do not come in (,7) at the Day that the Sheriff shall give them knowledge, the Sheriff shall enter into the same Franchises, and levy the Debts [with his own Hand."]

Concerning [Justices1*] of Chester, and [Bailiffs thereof,*¡] the King willeth, that they, [or one of them, shall come *'] at the Profer of St. Michael every Year, [when they ought to give account unto the King;11 ] and at the Profer of the Utas of Easter they shall come [likewise,13] and bring in that which they owe to the King for that Term ; and [the Justices'9] of Chester shall have Day to account from Year to Year in Shiindena Pascha; and the [Bailiffs thereof10] the Monday of Easter Utas.

1 Justise MS Tr. 1.

1 the Baillifs of lies MS.Tr. 1. And see Fleta, l. 2. c. 32 ace.

> of their receipts of Issues * and

s of their 6 which ought to come

1 next day ' shall come * and pay them

10 arty fail to pay in full what he ought to pay as aforesaid, hit body,

11 he 11 Statute! ÕÕ they owe to the King, which

Ò shew of their Account 11 at their commandment,

,6 as they may, *1 to answer thereof

'* in the same manner. 'È the Justise MS. Tr. t.

*¡ Baillifs of Ilene MS. Tr. I.

11 shall send ly one of their Men

** as much as they owe unto the King at that Term}

11 themselves

* In those Editions which continue the Statutes beyond Edward II. several Articles have been placed between the Reigns of Edward II. and Edward III. under the Head of Ò Certain Statutes made during the Reigns of K. Henry III. K. Edward I. or K. Edward II. but uncertain when or in which of their Times.Ó The Number and Nature of the Articles so classed vary in the several Editions. Under the present Head are now arranged all such Articles, the exatt Date whereof appears uncertain, but which have been uniformly considered as made previous to Edward III. and which have been admitted either into any Edition of the Antiqua Statuta, or into any general Colleftion of the Statutes.

t Two separate Articles intituled Ô Distridliones (or De Distriffione) Scaccarii,Õ and Ô Statutum de ScaccarioÕ have most generally been attributed to the jist Year of King Henry III; and in the modem Printed Copies have been distinguished as Statutes 4 and 3 of that Year. In RastallÕs Colle&ion, Edit. 1603, it is suggested that they were made in the Reign of Edward I. and this seems confirmed by the Reference to the Ô Statutum de ScaccarioÕ in the Statute of 16 Ed. II. relating to the Form of sending Estreats into the Exchequer. The Various Readings marked MS. Cott. are from the Cotton MS. Claudius D. 2. fo. 224. from whence these Articles were printed by Cay.

VoL. I.

Go gJe

All Bailiffs, &c. shall account iu the Exchequer.

At what Time they shall account.

How Bailiffs of Franchises shall account.

Accounts of the Justice of Chester and Bailiffs of the Isles.

Estatuz del Eschekere.

197

Sheriffs (except in five Counties) shall keep the KingÕs Wards and Escheats, in their Shires.

Three Surveyor* of Wards, Sec.

Wards and Escheats let to Farm.

Foreign Sheriffs Escheators in the five excepted Shires.

Duty of the Surveyors.

Colleftors of the Customs on Wools.

Keeper of the Wardrobe.

The KingÕs Business shall be heard first.

And that all Sheriffs of England, except the She.riffs of Westmerland, Lancaster, Worcester, Rutland, and Cornwall, shall from henceforth keep all such Wards and Escheats, that are not [in other Fees, as belong'] to the King, which be within their Shires; and of the Issues thereof they shall [be answerable *] in the Exchequer at the Terms aforesaid : And at their Turns that they make in their Shires, they shall [Õfind Office of other Things, which the KingÕs Escheators have not used to find of that which belongeth unto the King,Õ] once or twice in the Year, to as little Grievance of the People as they can. And the Sheriffs shall seize the Escheats that fall to remain unto the King in Fee, and shall certify the King of them without Delay.

And the King shall assign Three able Persons, that shall go throughout the Realm, to survey and [find4] the Wards and Escheats aforesaid, from Year to Year, when they shall think requisite. And the Sheriffs by their Counsel shall approve, [and let5] to ferm, or otherwise, such Wards and Escheats, as they shall think most for [the KingÕs] Advantage.

Touching the Five Shires before named, the King will, that the Sheriff of Cumberland shall execute the Office of Escheator in the Shires of Westmerland and Lancaster; and the Sheriff of [Nottingham4] in Rut.land ; and the Sheriff of Gloucester in Worcester; and the Sheriff of Devonshire in Cornwall; and shall safely keep the King his Wards and Escheats in the same Shires, and shall be answerable in the Exchequer for the Issues of them, as [well as7] for their own Shires. And the Three able Persons aforesaid shall survey and extend such Wards and Escheats, [as well there as in'] other Places, and [those 9] shall be approved by their Counsel. And when the Sheriffs do account for their Counties, they shall account for such Wards and Escheats. And in like Manner shall the [Justices10] of Chester do, and [their Bailiffs also,Ó] every one for his Bailiwick.

And the said Three able Persons shall keep the KingÕs Demesnes, and shall approve them as they shall think best for the KingÕs Advantage, and shall be an.swerable ( Ó) for the Issues : And they shall have Power to let forth small Manors and Demesnes (Ó) to Folk of the same Places, or to other, according to their Discre.tion, [and shall let them to ferm'4] from Year to Year, as they shall think most to the KingÕs Profit: And the Fermors shall be chargeable for their Ferms unto the Prin.cipal [Approvers,Ó] and they unto the Exchequer, the [Monday next,6] after the Ascension, from Year to Year.

And the Principal Colleftors of the Custom of Wools, at the Two Terms before mentioned, shall pay all such Money as they have (Õ7) received of the said Custom, and shall make Account from Year to Year [clearly '*] of all Parcels received in any of the Ports, [or other Places of'9] the Realm, so that they shall answer for every Ship where it was charged, and how much it carried, [and whose the Wools were, and for every other Charge "] in the Ship, whereof Custom is due, and for the whole Receipt.

And the Warden of the KingÕs Wardrobe shall make Account yearly in the Exchequer in the Feast of St. Margaret.

And the Treasurer and Barons (Ó) shall be charged by Oath, that they shall not attend to hear the Pleas or Matters of other Men, while they have to do with the KingÕs Business ; if it be not a Matter that concerneth the KingÕs own Debt.

E ke tuz les viscontes de EnglePe forsp's les Vis- contes de Wymereland, Lancastre, Wirecesir, Roteland, e Comwaille, desoremes gardent les gardes e les es- chetes ke ne sunt en fez ke apendent au Rey dedenz lur countez, e des issues leument respoinent al Esche.kere as tWs avaunt dites. E a lur turs kil frunt par lur countez facent [le office del eschetrie une feze ou deus,' ] au meins de grevaunce del people kil porrunt. E les Escheates ke escherrunt au Rey a demorer en fee, les Viscontes les seisent e le facent a sa9 au Rey, saun delay.

E ley Rey atomerat treis pdes houmes, ke irrunt par tote la tre por surveer e estendre les gardes e les eschetes avaunt dites de an en an k*nt il verrunt ke bon seit. E les viscontes par conseil de eus, approvunt ou p mettre a ferme ou en autre ma8e celes gardes e eschetes en la man!e kil vVont ke meuz seit apru.

En les cine countez avaunt nomees velt le Rey ke le Visconte de Camberlande face le office del Escheterie en les Countees de Westmareland e de Lancastf, e cely de [North, e *] Roteland, e celi de Gloucestne en le counte de Wyrcestre, e cely de Devens en Cornwaille; e sauvement gardent les gardes e les eschetes au Rey en meme les Countes, e respoynent des issues al Esche.kere si com il deivent fere de lur counteez. E les treis pdes homes avaut diz surverrunt e estenderunt celes gardes e eschetes si com aillurs (Õ) par le coseil de euz seient apruez. E kaunt les Viscontes acunterunt de lor countez, si acunterunt des gardes e des eschetes.

e par meme la maSe facent la Justise de Cestre, e le Baillif [des ylles,4] checun en sa bailtie.

E les treis pdes homes avaut diz garderut les de- menes le Rey e les aproverunt solom ceo (Õ) ke meuz seit al eos le Rey, e responderunt al Eschekere des issues. E ceus memes averut poer de bailler petiz maSs e demenes le Rey a la gent de memes les lius, u as autres solu lor descrescion, a ferme c?teine de an en an par la ou il verrut ke ceo seit le pru le Rey. E ceus fermers responderut de lor fermes a ceus avaut diz p'ncipals [quillurs,4] e eus al Eschekere, lendemain del ascension, de an en an.

E ke les p'ncipals quillurs de la custume des leynes payent, a deus [eschekeres7] avaunt diz, tuz les deiJs kil averunt p's e rescuz del avaunt dite costume, e de an en an rendent acunte, aptement e destinclement, de totes les pceles rescus par tuz les portz, e par tute la tre, issi kil respoinent de checun nef ou ele serra chargee, e com ben ele portera [e ke lautre aver charge *] en la nef de quey custume est due [serra9] e de tute la receite.

E le gardein de la garderobe le Rey rende acunte, de an en an, a la Seinte Margerete al Eschekere.

E le Tresorer e les Baruns del Eschekere seient chargee par serement kil nentendent de oyr les plez, ne les quereles, de nuly, taunt com il unt a fere les bosoygnes le Rey; si ceo ne seit de querele ke touche la dette le Rey.

f in fee, -which belong in feos that apendiez MS. Tr. j.

¥ < holden of other fees belonging Old Translations.

[ in the fees belonging Rast. 1603.

Ô answer truely e do the Office of the Escheatery

3 J do the Office of such other things as the KingÕs Escheators [ have used to do, for that that belongeth unto the King,

, extend 5 either by letting 6 Northampton

7 they ought to do * as in 9 they

10 Justise MS. Tr. I. " the baillifs of the lien MS.Tr.l.

11 at the Exchequer Ó of the King

14 for a certain ferme Collectors aforesaid 14 next day 17 taken and 18 openly and distinBly '7 and throughout

È¡ of Wolle or of other charge MS. Tr. 1.

Ó of the Exchequer

' les Offices des autres choses qe les Eschetours le Roy soleient faire & qui appent al Roi un foitz ou deux par an, Old Printed Copies.

1 Not, en MS. Cott.ÑNotingham, in Printed Copies.

1 &, MS. Cott.

4 de illonqcs Printed Copies.Ñdes Isles MS. Cott.

5 qils vVont, MS. Cott.

6 approuers, MS. Cott: Printed Copies.

7 termes, MS. Cott: Printed Copies. de la leine, et dautre aver charge, MS. Cott. et a qi la leyne est, ou dautre charge, Printed Copies.

1 MS. Cott. and Printed Copies omit.


Estatuz del Eschekere.

^Eschekt

Eke

taa les

contes de WvmÕ ?C¡ntes dt EnÇl,f, , e Comwaillc,

lur counrez, e ^ as Pmes

lurc¡mte2 facrat n S El1^?

E les Escheat*,, ^ aªtt del

sB

r*Õ'Ò te

Re)Õ> saun delay. e Ie &aat Jsj;

' 1 *Ç viscontes oar cm, ^ 0U P mettre a ferme ou^S* e ^esen la maSe kfl {L vS

En les i

V Ò."'no countea avaunt ÈÇÇ,!>

ÒlMCoumeesdeWestmarelande(1,, ^

yNrhl5Ô] R¡ÒH e tf *>

ÇdeWyrcestre,edydeZ J:;

'Wivement gardent 1Ç ^esTb^

engine lesCoun.es,eiespo,^^

ere si com ,1 deivent fere de lur countea {1,

£ ^ avau.^ survey, CKabfe; gardes e esthetes si com ilUun (J) par k cad*, saent apruez. E bum les Viscomes nj' lor countez, si acunterunt des gardes e ib ab T e par metne la mark foent la JusaseiCc e le Baillif [des ylles,Ô] checun en a hi E les treis pdes homes avaut diz ginhrahi menes le Rey e les aproverunt solom ceo f) b sdt al eos le Rey, e responderunt il EiUsi issues. E ceus memes averiit poer de Uerp maits e demenes le Rey a la gent de memeibh u as autres solu lor descrescion, a ferine (Win an par la ou il verrut ke ceo seit le pro leia: ceus ferraers responderut de lor ferae i tass diz p'ndpals [quillurs,*] e eus al Eschekere,lii= del ascension, de an en an.

E ke les p'ndpals quillurs de la cue is it payent, a deus [eschekeres7] avaunt die,tabs kil averunt p's e rescuz del avaunt diteemt: an en an rendent acunte, aptement e foot de totes les pceles rescus par tui la putts, ep* la tre, issi kil respoinent de checun nefoueke chargee, e com ben ele portera [ekeho* charge'] en la nef de quey custume ea dne[ffi.; de tute la receite.

E le gardein de la garderobe le Rey reide c de an en an, a la Seinte Margerete al Escketo E le Tresorer e les Baruns del Estkeknš chargee par serement kil nentendent de oyrlts s ne les quereles, de nuly, taunt com 3ÈÒki bosoygnes le Rey; si ceo newt defriek* la dette le Rey.

> les Offices des autres chose qe h

soleientfaire&quiappent al Roi un fo.aoÇinr- OU Prtnted Coftet. . .

. No!, en MS. Gsr/.ÑNÕoongham, È P^

Temp. Iwt.

XUJ.

fa Iteanet/^'ki

distr scÔcij

de scÕcio xiiij.

E kaunt un Visconte ou Baillif, eyt comfcee dacunter, nul autre ne seit receu de comScer dacunter, taunt ke le p'mer ke fust assis eit paracunte, e ke sa soume seit resceu.

(a) Districcoes de ScÕcio. E por ceo ke la comune du Reaume ad eu g*nt damage par torsenuse p'ses ke unt este fetes par Viscontes e par autre Baillif le Rey (') ou par autre acheson; Porveu est, (*) ke ceus a queus les avers sunt les pusent pestre de lur, saunz desturber k*nt il serront enparkez, saun ren doner por la garde. E ke les ayÕs ne nul autre destresce, p'se pur la dette le Rey ou pÕ autre acheson, ne seient venduz dedenz les quinze jure, de la p'se.

E si nul porte taille conue de paye fete al Eseheker, cesse la destresce.

E si nul porte taille de nul visconte ou de baillif, de paye fete a Iy de la chose demaudee, e voile trov1 plegges destre al Eseheker au pchein acunte, a fere ceo ke dreit Õsrad, adonke cesse la destresce; e le Vis.conte ou le Baillif face atacher [le visconte ou le baillif Õ] ke les dust av* aquitee, kil seit sor meme la cunte, a fere sur ceo ke dreit serrad, e eyt ileokes les nons des plegges.

Unkore est porveu ke nul houme de religion, ne autre, ne seit destreint par ces bestes ke gaignent sa terre ne par ces berbiz por la dette le Rei ne por la dette dautri, ne par autre encheson ne par les Baillifs le Rey ne par autre home, taunt come lem treove autre destresce, e autre chateus soffisaunz, dunt lever la dette, ou ke soffise a la demaude; hors p's enparkement de bestes k*nt horn les trove fesauns damage, ke horn enparker solum ley e usage de la terre. E ke les destresces seient renables a la mon- taunce de la dette ou de la demaunde solum [esme,4] e nou pas utraguses.

Uncore velt e comaunde le Rey ke tuz les Vis.contes e les Baillifs ke unt receu les dettes le Rey de la somounce del Eseheker, e ke naq'tent mye de ceo les detturs, sur lur pchein acunte, seient puniz solum lestatut nadgeres fet.

E velt le Rey ke totes les dettes de la somoce del Eseheker ke les Viscontes ou les Baillifs averunt re- conu kil eyent receu, seient meitenaunt alouwez le quel kil eyent receu tote la dette ou partie issi ke mes venge en somonce (s).

E ke le Conestable le Marescal e les Chamberleinz, e les autres ke sunt de fee al Eseheker, desoremes phentent au Rey memes ceus kil mettrunt en lor liu a fere lor office de leinz, e teles genz ke seient de bone fame, e ke seient suffisauz, e teus pr ky feez il voilent respundre.

E le Rey enjoynt au Tresorer e as Barons par la fey kil ly deivent, e le serement kil ly unt fet, kil ne mettent autres de par eus ke tels ne seient.

, f p acheson de la dette le Roi, MS. Cott.

Ipur la dette le Roy Printed Copies.

* 8c ordeygn qe quaut Vise ou autre home preigne les avs des autres, Old Printed Copies.

1 lui, MS. Cott.Ñcelluy, Printed Copies.

4 / resoun, MS. Cott.

\ bonne value et par estim Printed Copies.

1 ceo qe viscount ava conu soi avez receu 8cc. MS. Cott.

And when a Sheriff or Bailiff hath begun his Ac.count, none other shall be received (') to account, until he that was first appointed hath [clearly accounted,Õ] and his Money (Õ) received.

FORASMUCH as the Commonalty of the Realm hath sustained great Damage by wrongful taking of Distresses, which have been made by Sheriffs, and by other the KingÕs Bailiffs, for the KingÕs Debt, or for any other Cause: It is therefore provided [and or.dained,] that when a Sheriff, or any other Man doth take the Beasts of other, they to whom the Beasts do belong may give them their Feeding without Disturb.ance, so long as they be impounded, without giving any Thing for their keeping. And that the Beasts, nor no other Distress taken for the KingÕs Debt, nor for any other Cause, be [given ne] sold within fifteen Days after the Taking.

And if any bring the (Õ) Tally of a Payment made in the Exchequer, the Distress shall cease.

And if he bring the Tally of any Sheriff or Bailiff, of Payment made to them of the Thing demanded, and will find Pledges that he will appear in the Exchequer, upon the next Account, to do as Right shall require, then the Distress shall cease; and the Sheriff or Bailiff shall cause him to be attached that ought to have ac.quitted him, that he appear upon the same Account, to do as Right shall require; and there shall have the Names of the Pledges.

Yet it is provided, that no Man of Religion, nor other, shall be distrained by his Beasts that gain his Land, nor by his Sheep, for the KingÕs Debt, nor the Debt of any other Man, nor for any other Cause, by the King's [or other BailiffsÕ] [but until they can find another Distress,4] or Chattels sufficient whereof they may levy the Debt, or that is sufficient for the Demand ; except impounding of Beasts that a Man findeth in his Ground damage-feasant, (Õ) after the Use and Custom of the Realm. And that such Distresses be reasonable, after the Value of the Debt or Demand, [and by the Esti.mation of Neighbours, and not by Strangers,"] and not outrageous.

Howbeit, the King willeth and commandeth, that Sheriffs or their Bailiffs, that have received the KingÕs Debt of the Summons of the Exchequer, and have not acquitted the Debtors thereof at [the Õ] next Account, shall be punished after [the Statutes made'0] thereupon.

And the King willeth, that all Debts of Summons of the Exchequer, that the Sheriff or Bailiff have confessed Receipt, shall be allowed him forthwith : so that whether he received all the Debt, or part, it shall never come more in [Demand nor] Summons, after the Sheriff hath confessed the Receipt.

And that the Constable, Marshal, [Chamberlain;"] and other that are of Fee in the Exchequer, from henceforth shall present unto the King such as they [have11] put in their Places to do their Offices, [which must,J] be of good Fame, and sufficient ('") for whose a£ls themselves will answer.

And the King commandeth the Treasurer, and Barons [of the Exchequer,] upon their Allegiance, and by the Oath that they have made to him, that they shall not [assign any in their Rooms, but such as this Act meaneth of.1Õ]

Ô to login 'finithed hit Account 3 be

4 Inown * BaiUfft or hj any other Man

6 to long as they can find any other Distrest

7 which a Man may impound

¥ and after convenient estimation,

* their 10 the Statute lately made 11 Chamberlains

Ò shall Ó there, and tueh Persont at 14 and inch

. s admit others for them that be not such.

... PrvtlttlCfa.

Muted Ofw-

Çjrcrch

ou dautre chargt) ft*

(a) The Words Ô Districcoes de Sc*cioÕ in this place, and Ô de scÕcioÕ in the Margin below, before Chapter xiiij, are inserted in Red Ink: A Line is drawn round the part of the Manuscript, which contains this Division, and at the bottom of the Leaf is the following Note, in a hand-writing similar to that of the Words in Red Ink, being different from and apparently of a later Date than that of the Text: Ò Hie est t*nsposico litPe, q, dist'cciones Sc'cij hie scribunt' in? Captm xiij 8c xiiij Statutoy Sc'cij. ^ It appears that the Numbers of the Chapters in the Margin are in the same Hand-writing as this Note: The Words Ô distr sc'cij in the Margin, after Chapter xiij, are in a Hand writing different from that of either the Text or Note. In the Printed Copies this Part has always been given as a separate Instrument: as it is also in MS. Cott.fo. 226; and in MS. Tr. i.

197

Order of accounting

Dittrrsaes of the Exchequer.

The Owner mar feed hia Cattle impounded.

Sale of Distress.

On producing Talley of Payment Distress shall cease, hoc.

No Distress shall be taken of ploughing Cattle, or Sheep.

Distress shall be reasonable.

A Sheriff

receiving thi King's Debt, shall acquit the Debtor.

Deputy Officers in the Exchequer.

198

Estatuz del Eschekere.

Temp

Deputy Officers shall be sworn.

Punishment of Officers for Misconduct.

Offences shall be certified.

Yearly Search

as to deficient Accountants.

Surveyors of the KingÕs Works, to prevent false Allowances, & c.

Estreats of Fines and Amercia.ments shall he delivered into the Exchequer.

And that the Exchequer be not charged with more Persons than is necessary. And that none of them, that be (') sworn to the King, shall put in his Room any other, Clerk or Lay Person, except he be sworn (*), without special Licence of the Treasurer.

And if any [be,3] he shall be forthwith removed from his Office, and none other shall be received in his stead without the KingÕs Licence. And if any that is received without [the TreasurerÕs] Licence do trespass [after4] Punishment shall be done as well to the Assignor, as to him that is assigned, according to the Trespass. And if both be unsufficient, their Superior (?) shall be punished, whether be be Officer of Fee, or other. And the Treasurer shall put no other in his Room, until he hath commandment from the King. And if he that keepeth the Room of another, by Licence of the Treasurer, doth any Thing that he ought not to do, he shall be punished according to the Trespass, if he have whereof; and if he have not, he that put him in Office shall be charged for hisTrespass: And [if he that put him in Office6] be not sufficient, [his Superior7] shall be charged, whether he be of Fee, or otherwise.

And [they of the Wool-staple'] shall make Oath, that if any of them may perceive that another doth commit any Default, Offence, or other Thing dishonest in [the Office of the Wool-staple,9] or that he hath done before, that they shall certify it to the Treasurer, or to the Barons, or to some of them (,0): Or to the King himself, if need require.

And that about the Feast of St. Margaret, before that the Exchequer be closed, they shall (") cause a search to be made, whether any Sheriff or Bailiff, that ought to have accounted the same Year, have not, and thereupon a Remembrance in a Roll shall be made by itself. And if it be a Sheriff, his Accompt shall be first heard after Michaelmas, before that any other (Ó) be received to account: And if he be a Bailiff, he shall be summoned or distrained to come at a certain Day for to account, so that no Account shall be suffered to sleep.

And Forasmuch as Sheriffs, Constables, and other obtain many Times outrageous Allowances, by [pre.tence of'3] the KingÕs Works, and other Things done and provided by his Commandment; It is provided, that all Surveyors of the KingÕs Works shall be chosen by the Oath of [Twelve'4] Men, and of such as [will and may attend best ,s] to that Office ; and that they be sufficient to answer the King, if need be, and shall swear that they bear lawful Witness. And if the Treasurer or Barons of the Exchequer have any Suspicion of [Sale"] Allowances [of Charges,'7] or other Things, the Truth must be inquired; and he that is (") attainted, shall answer to the King for as much as the Allowance amounteth unto, and shall be imprisoned [one Year and Forty Days,'9] and shall be punished at the KingÕs Plea.sure, and the Surveyors shall be punished for their Consent. And likewise he that upon [the10] Accompt [did11 ] conceal and keep secret such Things, whereof he ought to have charged himself, shall be punished in likewise as he that [admitted such false Allowances.Ó]

And that all the Justicers, Commissioners, and other, shall from henceforth deliver into the Exchequer, at the Feast of St. Michael, from Year to Year, the Ex.treats of Fines and Amerciaments made and taxed before them, [and] of all Things wherefore the Extreats are wont to be delivered there. And they of the Exchequer shall make Extreats of the Summons through all Shires, saving that the Extreats [in the Eyre13] of all Pleas shall be delivered immediately after the Eyre made.

* there . Õ there, nor that 3 do so

Ç nevertheless 3 alto

t if he 7 he that put him in Office

* all they of this Court È any Office in this Court

and thrs shall cause it to he amended Ò yearly

*È Sheriff' 13 false testimony for 14 lawful

*1 fan inow how, and are able and willing to attend '* false .7 of wetkes MS. Tr. i. 18 thereof MS. Tr. i.

MS. Tr. i. omits. 90 his 81 shall

Ò hadde false alowaunce. MS.Tr. l. of Justises of Eire MS. Tr. i.

E ke Leschekere ne seit chargee de plus de genz ke mes? nest. E ke nul de leinz, juree le Rey ne mette home pr ly ne Clerk ne lay ke ne seit juree de leinz, ne ceo, sauz especial conge le Tresorer.

E si nul le fet seit meintenaut remue de son office e nul autre ne seit receu en son liu, sau (') le Rey, E si celi ke serrad mis saun conge trespasse, jalemeins seit puni celi ke le aura mis e celi ke [serra Õ] mis, solum le trespas. E si ambedeus ne sufficent, seit puni oveske le soverain, le quel kil seit de fee ou autre. E le Tresorer ne mette autre en son liu taut ke le Rey eit autre chose maundee. E si celi ky aurad tenu le liu dautre par le conge le Tresorer face chose kil ne deive, seit puni solum le trespas sil ad de quey, e si noun, celi ke laurad mis respoyne de son trespas. E si celi ne soffist, respoine celi ke laverad mis en office le quel kil seit de fee ou auP.

E tuz ceus de leins facent serement ke si nul pusse aparceivre ke autre face defaute ou malveiste ou autre chose deshoneste en nul office de leinz, ou kil eit fet ca en are, kil le face a sav5 au Tresorer ou a Barus ou a akun de eus, e eus le facent amender: E si mes? seit, le facent a saver au Rey.

E ke entur la feste Seint Margarete avaut ke les.chekere seit close checun an face lem cercher e veer si viscunte ou autre baillif ke dust av5 acounte cel an, neit acoutee, e ke de ceo seit fet une reraembraunce en un roule par sey. E si ce seit visconte, ke son acounte seit p'merement oy aps la Seint Michel avaunt ceo ke nul autre visconte seit receu de aconter: E si ceo seit autre Baillif seit maunde ou destreint kil venge a Ptein jor por acounter, issi ke nul acounte seit soffert de endormir.

F. por ceo ke les viscontes, Conestables e autres unt meintefez eu outraguse alouance, par faus test- moniages des overaynes le Rey e des autres choses fetes e parveues par son comaundement, porveu est ke tuz le veors des overaignes le Rey seient elluz par serement de pdeshoumes, e teus ke meus sachent pussent e voilent a cel office entendre; e kil seient soffisaunz de respondre au Rey si mester seiet, e seient jurez kil porterunt leal testmoniage. E si le Tresorer ou les Barons del Escheker eyent nule suspecion de fause allouaunce fete de overaigne ou de autre chose, si seit la verite enquise ; E cely ke serrad de ceo ateint, respoine au Rey de taunt come tele alouauce amounte, e eit le p'son (3), e seit puni a la vo.lume le Rey, e les veors seient reins, pur la consente. E par meme la maSe celi ke aurad concelee sor son acounte les choses dunt il se dust charger, seit puni cu celi ke [aurad eu4] fause allouance.

E ke tuz les [Justices,3] enquerors e autres deso- remes livrent al Escheker a la Seit Michel de an en an les estretes de fins e de amerciemenz fetes e taxes devaut eus de tutes les choses dunt estretes soleient est' livres al Escheker. E ceus del Escheker (Ô) de la somonce par tuz les countez sauve ceo k les estretes de Eyre de Justices de tuz plez seient liveres maintenaut apres le eire fet.

. licens, Printed Copies.

1 laurad struck through, and serra interlined.

3 dun an et xl. jours Printed Copies.

4 avera fait Printed Copies.

s ( viscontes struck through and Justices interlined.

\ MS. Cott. and all Printed Copies read Justices.

6 facent lestrete, MS. Cott.


* nul

( 199 )

v .djl^ne Ç

m*hfeÈÇs<xs2

assisa |&ants et Certriste.*

The ASSISE of BREAD and ALE.

*0Tera*0j le quel . "Stt*.

Wncme!eJ^^JÒ^|

autre chose mauidee. f

ttkehwaÒ'C2Èi?"'Ç

y^defeeoulu?. ÒÒÒ%

£tuaÇusdcleins{acentse.nn .

khcent Èsaver auRey. Òl

E ke Çntnrh fate Seim Mamaev

S> v^cunteou autre half kedus,^;

ÒÔÔcoftee.ekedeceosdtfa*^

Wmak PÒ*y- E ti ce tot t*š* kÈ icounte wt p'merement oj apk laSantlfc^

ceo y nul iutre visconte sot receu de an© | si ceo sdt autre Baillif seit maundt o, venge a ctein jor por acounter. iu b sÇit sofiert de endormir.

E por ceo ke les viscontes, Cooestii*!š unt meintefei eu outraguse alouance, gai^, moniages des overapes le Rey e des mo a fetes e parveues par son comaundanau, pma i ke tui le veors des overaignes le Rqstbifej serement de pdeshoumes, e teus ke ms aa pussent e voilent a cel office entendre; tds soffisauna de respondre au Rey si meat: seient jurez kil porterunt leal testmoniage. in Tresorer ou les Barons del Escheker eyas b suspecion de fause allouaunce fete de ovetaipeii autre chose, si seit la verite enquise; Ecdjfco de ceo ateint, respoine au Rey de amt as alouauce amounte, e eit le p'son (Ô),e seitpaiak* lunte le Rey, e les veors seient reins,pur boa E par meme la marie celi ke aurad coodeiri acounte les choses dunt il se dust d cu celi ke [aurad eu*] fause allouance.

E ke tua les [Justices,1] enquerors e remes livrent al Escheker a la Seit Michel it .Ç les estretes de fins e de amerdemffls feat* devaut eus de tutes les choses dunt (W*J livres al Escheker. E ceus del Escheker u. somoncepr tua les counter saute ceo Eyre de Justices de tua plea son1 ^ apres le eire fet.

de ass- Pinls & cerrisie.

Ex MS. Cott. Claud. D. II. fo. 152 b.

(')^AUANDO quar?ium frumenti venditÕ p xijd. tunc Vy panis quadrantis de Wastello ponderabit sex libras & sexdecisn solidos. Panis de Coket de eodem blado & de eodem bultello ponderabit plusqÕm Wastellu de duobj solidis. De blado minoris p>cii ponderabit plusq'm Wastellum de quinq. Panis vero de siminello ponderabit min9 de Wastello de duobj solidis, quia bis codkus est. Panis [integ de quadrante de fru- mento1] ponderabit Coket & dl (3). Panis v>o de

[trait4] ponderabit duos Wastellos. Et panis de

[onii blado5] ponderabit duos Coketos (6).

Quando quarftu frumenti vendit' p xviijd. tuc panis albus & bene coSus de quadrante de Wastello pon.derabit quatuor libras, dece solidos & otto denar. Quando p duobj solidis, tunc ponderabit lxviij s. Q*ndo p duobj solidis, vj d. tunc ponderabit [liij s. 7] iiij d. ob. q*. Q'ndo p tribj solidis, tunc ponderabit [xlviij s.Õ] QÕndo p tribj solidis sex denar, tunc ponderabit [quadraginta duos solidos.5] Quando p quatuor solidis, tunc ponderabit [triginta sex solidos.'Ó] Quando p quatuor solidis sex denariis, tunc ponderabit [triginta solidos."] Quando p quinq., solidis, tunc pon.derabit viginti septern solidos duos denar ob. Quando p q'nq solidis vj d. tunc ponderabit xxiiij s. viij d. q\ QÕndo p sex solidis, tunc ponderabit xxij s viij d. [qVÔ] QÒndo p sex solidis sex denar, tuc ponderabit viginti solidos undecim denar. Quando p septern solidis, tunc ponderabit xix s. [j d.'3] Quando p septern solidis sex denar, tunc ponderabit ottodecim solidos ('*) ob. Quando p otto solidis, tunc ponderabit xvij s. QÕndo p otto solidis sex denar, tunc ponderabit xvj s. Quando p novem solidis, tunc ponderabit q'ndecim solidos [qÕ.'5 ] Quando p novem solidis sex denar, tunc ponderabit xiiij s. iiij d. ob. (,6) Quando p decern solidis, tunc ponderabit xiij s. [viij d. qV7] Quando p decern soli.dis sex denar, tunc ponderabit xij s. xjd. (l8) Quando p undecim solidis, tunc ponderabit xij s. iiij d. [qV5 ] Quando p xj s. sex denar, tunc ponderabit xj s. [x d.Ô¡] Quando p duodecim solidis, tunc ponderabit xj s. iiij d. (")

IV omibj ad quos, 8cc. sattm. Inspexim5 quasdam ordi- nacoes assise panis 8c cvisie ac coposicois moncte 8c men- Coventr, de surayfcas temporibj pgenitoy nroy quondam Regum Angt in exemplific. *'ec vba : Rot. Pat.

(') p Pisto ribj Vi lie de

, f de integro frumto Printed Copies. \ de 1

ittis

i en? frument a ferlyng Lit. Hern.

3 ss. cokettu q ponderabit v. s. plus q Wastellu Printed Copies.

4 tret Rot. Pat: Lib. Horn.

3 coi blado Rot. Pat: Printed Copies.Ñtouz bleds Lit. Horn.

6 majorcs Printed Copies.

7 quinquaginta 8c quatuor solidos Rot. Pat. liiij s. Lit. Horn:

Printed Copies. * xlv s. iiij d. Tot.

v xxxviij s. xd. ob. Tot. 10 xxxivs. Tot.

" xxx s. ij d. q. Tot.

11 8c obolu Rot. Pat:ÑLib. Horn ; Tot. read xxij s. viij d.

11 { v d.' liLHorn. u,. '<ld- Tet: iiid' Lib- Horn.

's Lib. Horn, omits. 16 q. Tot: i. Lib. Horn.

'7 vij d ob. Tot: vij d. q' Lib. Horn. Õ* q Tot: Lib. Horn.

Lib. Horn, omits. 10 ix d. Lib. Horn. 301.

" The Calculation in Rot.Pat: MS.Cott: and Lib.Hern,fo. lit, ends here. The subsequent Calculation up to 20 s. is from Lib. Horn, fo. 301 b. with the Variations of the Printed Copies in the Editions of Tottrll and Cap.

(1 ) Y^THEN a Quarter of Wheat is sold for xii d. then Assise * ^ Wastel Bread of a Farthing shall weigh vil. ¡*'šre,<*- and xvj s. But Bread Cocket [of a Farthing] of the same Corn and Bultel, shall weigh more than Wastel by ii s.

And [Cocket Bread] made of Com of lower Price, shall weigh more than Wastel by vs. Bread made into a Simnel shall weigh ii s. less than Wastel (Õ). Bread made of the whole Wheat shall weigh a Cocket and a half, [so that a Cocket shall weigh more than a Wastel by v s.3] Bread of Treet shall weigh ii Wastels.

And Bread of [common4] Wheat shall weigh Two great Cockets.

When a Quarter of Wheat is sold for xviii d. then Wastel Bread of a Farthing white and well baked shall

weigh ivl. xs. viiid.

When for ii s. iii li. viii s.

When foriis. vid. livs. ivd. ob.q.

When for iii s. [xlviii s.3]

When for iii s. vi d. [xlii s.Ô]

When for iv s. [xxxvi s.7]

When for iv s. vi d. xxx s. (')

When for v s. xxviis. iid. ob.

When for vs. vid. xxivs. viiid. q.

When for vis. xxiis. viiid.

When for vis. vid. xxs. xi d.

When for viis. xixs. [id.5]

When for viis. vid. xviiis. id. ob.

When for viiis. xviis.

When for viiis. vid. xvis.

When for ixs.

xvs. q.

When for ixs. vid. xiv s. ivd. ob.q.

When for x s. xiii s. vii d. (,0)

When for x s. vi d. xii s. xi d. q.

When for xi s. xii s. iv d. q.

When for xis. vid. xi s. x d.

When for xii s. xi s. iv d.

1 The King to all to whom these Presents shall come greet.ing ; We have seen certain Ordinances of the Assise of Bread and Ale, and of the making of Money and Measures, made in the Times of our Progenitors, sometime Kings of England, in these Words:ÑFirst inserted in Pulton's Edition 1618, as Part of the Assisa Panis Id Cervisie, 51 Hen. HI.

Õ because it is twice baled

1 thst it to say, the Cocket that shall weigh more than a Wastel by 5/.

* all torts of 5 4J/. 4^. 6 38/. iod.\ '34*.

7 2d-i > t,d.i ÕÇ \d.

' licens, Printed Copies.

1 laurad struck ibrmgb, esd Km auth .dun an Ç si.jour 1 * arera fait Prated Copies.

4 fecent lestrete, 3/S. £#¥

* The Printed Copies give this as a Statute of 51 Hen. III. An Exemplification of this Assise is entered on Rat. Pat. 2 Ric. II. P. 2. m. 2o\ the Various Readings of which are given in the Notes. In Lib. Horn, London, fo. ill, is an Entry, in French, of Three Instruments, intituled, Ô Assisa Panis,Õ * Lucrum Pistoris,Õ and Ô Assisa Cervisie.- In fo. 301 b. of the same Volume, is an Article in Latin, intituled, Ç Assaiu juxÔ Regat Argt,Õ in the Margin of which is written < p Rotulu Hugon de Walth'm,Õ and lower down, * Ex'.Õ This begins Ç Qn qÕrteriu frumenti vendit' p ij s. Wastellu quadrenta) pondebit, Pro ij s. - - - lxviij s.Õ and carries on the Calculation to the Price of 10 s. the Quarter of Wheat; after which are inserted Memoranda as to the Produce in Bread of a Quarter of Wheat bought for 17 s 4d. at Michaelmas, 12 Edw. II. A Calculation of the Assise from 12 s. to 20 s. per Quarter is inserted in TottellÕs M.igna Carta, 8tc. 1556. The Copy from MS. Cott. Claud. D.Il. was printed in CayÕs Edition, with an Addition from some other Source not specified, of the Calculation from 12 s. to 20 s. The Calculations in Rot. Pat: Lib. Horn, and Printed Copies agree with those in the Text, unless where the contrary is expressly noted.


Assisa Fanis.

Templ**t.

Gain of the Baker.

Assise of Ale.

Punishment of Baker or Brewer transgressing the Assise.

When for xiis. 6 d.

When for xiil s,

When for xlii 9. vi d.

When fof xiiii *.

When for xiiii a. vi d.

Wheh fof xv a.

When for xvs. vid.

When far xvi a.

When fof xvi a. vi d.

When for xvii a.

When for xvii s. vi d.

When for xviii 5.

When for xviii a. vi d.

When for xix a.

When for xix a. vi d.

When for xx a.

And it is to be known, that thefl a Baker in every Quarter of Wheat, as it is proved by the KingÕs Bakers, may gain iv d. and fhe Bran, and Two Loaves [for Advantage,'] for Three Servants id. ob. for Two Lads ob. in Salt ob. for Kneading ob. for Candle q. for Wood [ii d.1] for his Bultel ob. (J).

When a Quarter of Wheat is sold for iiis. or iiis. ivd. and a Quarter of Barley for xxd. or iis. and a Quarter of Oats for xvid. then Brewers in Cities ought and may well afford to sell Two Gallons of Beer or Ale for a Penny, and out of Cities to sell iii [or iv.] Gallons for a Penny. And when in a Town iii Gallons are sold for a Penny, out of a Town they ought and may sell four ; and this Assise ought to be holden through.out all England.

[4 And if a Baker or Brewer be convi&ed that they have not kept the foresaid Assises, the First, Second, and Third Time they shall be amerced, according to the Quantity of their Offence ; and that as often as a Baker shall offend in the Weight of a Farthing Loaf of Bread not above ijs. Weight, that then he be amerced as before is said ; but if he exceed ijs. then [is he to be set upon5] the Pillory without any Redemption of Money.

In like Manner shall it be done if he offend often.times and will not amend, then he shall suffer the Judg.ment of the Body, that is to say, the Pillory if he offend in the Weight of a Farthing Loaf under Two Shillings Weight as is aforesaid. Likewise the Woman Brewer shall be punished by the Tumbrell, Trebuchit, or Castigatorie, if she offend divers Times and will not amend.6]

1for the Funage, * three farthings

1 And it it to be known that the Assise of Bread and Ale shall not be sbanged but by Sixpence increasing or decreasing in the Quarter.

4Ñ6 The Translation of these Two Sentences is from RistillÕs Colle&ion 16ca. See the Instalment intituled, Ô Judicium Pillorie,' immediately following, in Page aoi.

5 be ought to undergo the Judgment of

10 9. 10 d.f 10 9. 5 d.i 10 s. 0 d.| 9 1* 8 d. 99. 2 Li 98. id. 89. 9 d.$ 8s. 6d.

8 a. jd-i 8 s.

79. 9d.| 7 s. 6d.| 78. 4 d.i 7s. 2d,

6 s, 1 f d-i

6 s, 9 d.i

p xij 8. vj d. p xiij s.

Pro xiij 9. vj d. p xiiij s. p xiiij s. vi d. p xv. g. p xv s. vj d. p xvj s. p xvj s. vj d. p xvij s. p xvij s. vj d. p xviij s. p xviij s. vj d. p xix 8. p xix s. vj d. p xx s.

[xj S.']

[iijd. o.1]

X s. [ I d. ob.!] ix s. [viij d.4] ix 8. ij d. 3. q*. ix s. [ob. qV] viijs. [viij d.6] viij s. vj d. viij s. [iij d.t] viij s.

vij s. [viij d. ob.*] vij s. vj d. [q\Ç] vij s. iiij d. [q\"'] [vjs. xjd. qV*] vj s. [ix d.Ò] vjs. [viijd.,J]

wu.

Et sciendum est qd pistor potest lucrari in quolibet delum, q*rtlo frumenti ut probatum est p pistores dm Regis Piitorb. quatuor denar & furfur [& duos panes,*4] ad furnagiO, trib} svientibj denar & ob, duot>3 garc&ibj obolu!

In Sale obolum. In gesto obolu; in candela quad* rentem. In bosco [ij d.'5] In bultello hendo, [dena?

St obolu.'6] [Et fait assavoir q lassise de pain & de c?voise ne se ehauilge pas forsq, p vj d. encressant ou amenusaunt en le quartre. '7]

(") QUANDO quarPium frumenti vendit'p tribj solidis, D'L vel quadraginta denar, & ordeum pro viginti denar vel duobj solidis, & quarPium avene pro [quindecim'¥] denariis, tunc bene possunt braciatores vendere in Civitatibj [duas lagenas ,0] cervisie ad denar, & extra debent vendere tres ad denariu. Et quando in Burgo vendunt' tres lagene ad denariu ext* debent vendi qua. tuor, & bene possunt; & ista assisa debet teneri p totam Angliam (").

[ÒEt sciendum qd si Pistor vel Bradatrix convifti fSint qd p'didas assisas non svaverunt prime, scdo Pcio anicient* scdm q*ntitatem deli&i sui; & hoc quocienscumq^ pistor defePit in pondere panis quad- rantis citra duos solidos, qd tunc an)ciet* ut {Pdfm est; set si excedat ij s. debet subire judicium pillorie, sine aliqua redepcione pecunie.

Eodem modo fiat si pluries deliquerit it castigari noluerit, tuc naciet* judicium corporis scilicet collistri. gium si defecit in pondere panis quadrantis dt* ijs. ut pklcm est. Simili modo Braciatrix subeat tre- buchetum vel castigatorium si pluries deliquerit, & castigari noluerit. Ò]

1 x s. x d. ob. Tot. ' v d. ob. Tat.Ñi d. ob. Cay.

È ob. q Tot. 4 iiii d. q Tot. vi d. Cay.

1 i d. Tot. * ix d. ob. Tot. ixd. Cat.

I ij d, ob. q Tot. * ii d. q Tot. x d. ob. Cay.

9 ob. q Tot. 10 ob. Cay.

" vij 8. ii d. Tot. vij 3. ii d. q Cay.

II xi d. ob. Tot. x d. Cay. *¥ ix d. ob. q. Tot. iiid. Cay.

14 a furnage, del pris de deus deners. Lib. Horn.

.i obolu quadrant (lot. Pat. iij dens Lib. Horn.

'¥ obolu Rot.Pat: ob Lib. Horn, Ôt Rot.Pat: Lib. Horn, omit

¥* From hence to the End of this Assise, as printed in the

Text, is given in some Old Printed Copies as a separate Instru.ment under the Title of 4 Statutum Panis 8c Cervisie.Õ See the last Sentence of 4 Judicium Pillorie,Õ post, page 20a.

.È sexdeci Rot. Pat: xvj Lib. Horn.

40 ij galouns Lib. Horn.

*' ex provisione domini Regis Heririci tertii Printed Copies.

,> These Sentences are not in Lib. Horn ; nor in Rot. Pat. 2 Rir. II. the latter of which concludes in the following Manner,

The Assise of Bread (as it is contained in a Writing of the Marshalsey of our Lord the King delivered unto them) may be holden, according to the Price of Wheat, that is to say, as well Wastel, as other Bread of the better, second, or third sort, shall be weighed, as is aforesaid, by the middle Price of Wheat; and the Assise or Weight of Bread shall not be changed but by Sixpence increasing or decreasing in the Sale of a Quarter.

By the Consent of the whole Realm of England, the Mea.sure of our Lord the King was made; that is to say, That an English Penny, called a Sterling, round and without any

[ 'Assisa panis scdm qd continet* in scripto Marescalcie dni Regis eis libata teneat', scdm vendicoem frumenti, scift melioris sedi ?cii tam Wastelli qÔm alii panes, pondereut' cujuscumq, gefJis sicut pdem est, p mediam vendicoem fru.menti > et non mutet' assisa sive pondus panis nisi p Èex denar crescentes vel decrescentcs in vendicoe quarŽii.']

[¥Par fdiscrefoem3] tocius Regni Angt fuit memura Dni Regis composita; vidett, qd denar Anglicanus, qui dicit'

' This is nearly the same as the Introdu&ory Sentence of the ' Statutum de Pistoribus,Õ post page 202.

* Sec Note * in next page. 1 Ordinaciones Old Printed Coput.


^ Èj *. vj d.

Paijs.

Pro xiijs. vjd. Pxiiijs.

f XV. S. f ars.yjd. Pxvjs.

f xvjs.Vjd.

P xvij s.

P *vij s. vj d. $ xviij s.

P xviij 8. Vj d. pxixg.

P xix 8. vj d.

pxxs.

If sciendum est

Mil.

ÕSM'i

^fii]

Mita

it Judico Pilorie.

TOd^&fur{ur[&du ^ dnaf &

In Sale obolum. In goto

& obolu. ] [Et fait nolle ne ie chaunge pas amenuiaunt en le quartre.']

(") QUANDO quartiura frumenti rendir'fSci vel quadraginta denar, & oidom pro ^ duobj jolidis, & quarfium avew pro ^ denariis, tunc bene possum bnaitan tÈ: Civitatib} [duas lagans*] cenrisie ad de^ta debent vendere tres ad denarii. Et quambÕkt vendunt' tres lagene ad denariu erfddBinig tuor, & bene possum; k ista assisa ieta a. totam Angliam (Ò).

[ÒEt sciendum qd si Rstor velBradatranc faint qd pWirias assisas non swerunt pigs rdo anicient' scdm q*ntitatem delicti n; h quocienscumq, pistor defeat in pondere pbs rantis citra duos solidos, qd tunc ara a jt est ; set si excedat ij I. debet subire sine aliqua redepcione pecunie.

Eodem modo fiat si pluries deliqneri 4 m noluerit, tuc paciet' judicium corporis sriSa th gium si defecit in pondere panis qnadnna tf; ut p>ddm est. Simili modo BiadauixMÈ buchetum vel castigatorium si pluries tip. castigari noluent. Ò]

.ss.xd.ob.T-.

, k a Tat 4 tuid. q T-. ni c*

a'Vl ¥Ud.ift.islCy

¥J k'-Trf 'iiU&iJlM

riid.ob.qT-. ?

riqT-. ..

È Tii i. li d. T-. n] s ud. q wj- f -ml

''Fr0m h le OW noted Coox, È.<?**

Text, o given m Èrne 01

.Ksdeciil-.P^^

:*^'Z***a*m

rhich concludes in lie kSmpfat s scdm <jd contact'in scripts fad1* ti tcneiVf scdm teadiicea bed-1 :ii ram Wistelli q'm siii ptxs, fd> s sicur pdern est, p mediae tts$e> mulctÕ usisi sire potidts pus ./* l rcl decrcscentes inrenJimfd tSocm Õ] tocius Rep Aigt * ** osita; rideft, tjd dcasr f*

Ip the suite as the Inttodaittphtd1Õ

SST'ra-.w'

3uMcuim puioHE.*

The JUDGMENT of the PILLORY.

Ex MSS. Cotton Claudius D. II. fo. 254.

SI Pistor conviftus fSit, vel Braciat'x convi&a, qd [istas assias'] non obfvaPit, primo, Scdo & ?cio an)cietr secundum quantitatem deiefi, [& *3 non gravir deliquerit; & si gravi? deliquerit pluries, & castigari nolSit paciat' judicium corporis, scitt, Pistor collistri- gium, et Braciatrix trebuchetum vel castigStoriu.

Primo, sex leg homines jurent fideli? colligle oriies mensuras ville, videlt, bussellu, dimidium bussellu, & quartas busselli, omnes galones, potellos, et quartas tarn de tabernis q"m aliis; ulrias & pondera, scitt libr & dimid libr tronas ac minora pondera villap, p que ponderant panem [villas, p que ponderant panem in Cur,!] scitt de quolibet genie panis unu panem. Et sup mensuras ulnas pondera [tunc scribant sup singtos panes*] eorum noia distinfte quo£ sunt; & mensuras molendino^ colligant. Postea xij. leg holes fideli? [respondeant!] ad in?rogata ab eis, (9) ex parte Regis, querant' abeis que [scripta7] sunt; & [que sunt scripta,*] pponant secrete & privatim respondeant; & mandetr ballivis qd heant corpa 01m pistojs & oTm bra- ciatricium, una cum mensuris & oiiiibus aliis subscriptis.

Primo querat' de vendicione frumenti, vidett, quo- modo vendebat' ultimo die quar?ium frumenti melioris, & quomodo quartiu minoris pcii, & quomodo ?cii pcii, & quomodo quar?ium ordei & avene.

Postea quomodo respondeant panes pistojs in Cur sua, vidett, Wastellum & alii panes scdm vendicoem melioris (9) pcii, aut ?cii pcii.

Item p quanto incremento vel decremento in ven.dicione quartii frumenti, debeat pistor mutare assisam suam, & pondus panis sui.

hem qÕntum debeat ponderare Wastellum de quad- rante, & omnes alii panes, scdm vendicoem qÒr?ii frumenti quam psentant.

Item p quanto defedtu ponderis panis [de quadrantelo] pistor debeat aiSciari vt subire judicium pillorie scdm consuetudinem Cur sue.

Item si aliquis senescallus vel ballivus p aliqua nicede remiserit judicium pillorie vt tumbrelli adjudi- catum vel de jure adjudicandum.

¥ assisas panis et cervisie : si > ville & curie

4 et etiam sup sing pan scribantur,

5 jurent respondere 6 que

7 subscripta 8 si que sint secreta

8 frumenti, aut minoris IO Printed Copies omit.

IF a Baker or a Brewer be convifl, because he hath not observed the Assise of Bread and Ale, the First, Second, and Third Times, he shall be amerced according to his Offence* if it be not over grievous; but if the Offence be grievous and often, and (') will not be coflfefted, then he shall suffer Punishment of the Body, that is to wit, a Baker to the Pillory, and a Brewer to the Tumbrel, or [some other Corredion.Õ] First, Six lawful Men shall be sworn truly to gather all Measures of the Town, that is to wit, Bushels, Half and Quarter Bushels, Gallons, Pottles* and Quarts, as well of Taverns as of other Places ; Measures and Weights, that is to wit, Pounds, Half Pounds, (J) and [other] little Weights, wherewith Bread of the Town or of the Court is weighed; that is to say, one Loaf of every sort of Bread. And upon every Measure, [Bushel,*] Weight, and also upon every Loaf, the Name of the Owner (J) distinctly written ; and likewise they shall gather the Measures of Mills. After which Thing done, Twelve lawful Men shall swear to make true Answer to all such Things as shall be demanded of them in the KingÕs Behalf upon Articles here fol.lowing ; and such Things as be secret, they shall [utter6] secretly, and answer privately. And the Bailiffs shall be commanded to bring in all the Bakers and Brewers with their Measures, and all Things under written.

First, they shall inquire the Price of Wheat, that is to wit, how a Quarter of the best Wheat was sold the last Market Day, and how the Second Wheat, and how the Third ; and how a Quarter of Barley and Oats.

After, how the Baker's Bread [in the Court doth agree,7] that is to wit, Wastel and other Bread after Wheat of the best, or of the Second, or of the Third Price.

Also upon how much Increase or Decrease in the Price of (') Wheat a Baker ought to change the Assise

and Weight of his Bread.

Also how much the Wastel of a Farthing ought to weigh, and all other Manner of Bread, after the Price of a Quarter of Wheat that they present.

And for (9) default in the Weight of the Bread, a Baker ought to be amerced, or to [be judged unto'Ò] the Pillory, according to [the Law and] Custom of [the "] Court.

Also if any Steward or Bailiff, for any Bribe, doth release Punishment of the Pillory and Tumbrel, being already judged, or to be judged of Right.

1 he 4 Castigatorj. J Trones

4 Yard Ô shall be 6 treat of

7 doth ansevtr in hie Court, 8 a Quarter of

9 what 10 undergo judgment of " his

Punishment of a Baker or Brewer transgressing the Assises.

Inquest, for Weights and Measures;

For other Matters:

Inquest of Price of Corn.

Assise of Bread.

Corrupt releasing of Punishment.

Sterlingus, rotundus sit 8c sine tonsura, 8c pondcrabit triginta 8c duo g*na frumenti in medio spice; 8c viginti denar faciunt unciam; 8c duodecim uncie faciunt libram ; 8c octo libre faciunt galonem vini; 8c ofto galones faciunt bussellum London ; quod est odava ps quar?ii.Õ]

Nos {> eo qd in pliamento nro apud Westih anno Regni nii primo tento, orhia bona statuta 8c ordinacoes temporibj pge- nito^ nroy pdcoj edita 8c non revocata, concessim5 fore tenenda; ordinacoes {ideas ad requiaicoem Pisto^ Ville nfe de Coventr tenore psenciu duximš exemplificand. In cujs, 8cc. T. ft. apud Westm xxij Die Marcij.

* This Sentence is given in the Old Printed Copies as a separate Article under the Title Ô Compositio Mensurarum Õ; and in several Manuscripts with the Title 4 Compositio Monete.Õ

clipping, shall weigh xxxii Wheat Corns in the midst of the Ear; and xx d. do make nn Ounce ; and xii Ounces one Pound; and viii Pounds do make a Gallon of Wine ; and viii Gallons of Wine do make a London Bushel; which is the Eighth Part of a Quarter.

Forasmuch as in our Parliament holden at Westminster, in See Statute the First Year of our Reign, we have granted that all good 1 Richard II. Statutes and Ordinances made in the Times of our Progenitors Chapter i. aforesaid, and not revoked, shall be still held, we have caused at the Request of the Bakers of our Town of Coventry, that the Ordinances aforesaid, by tenor of these Presents, shall be exemplified. In Witness whereof, Sec. Witness the King at Westminster, the xxii Day of March.

The three foregoing Paragraphs were first inserted in PultonÕs English Edition 1618, as Part of the Assisa Panis U Cervisie,

51 Hen. III.

The Printed Copies, from which the Various Readings are inserted in the Notes, give this as a Statute of 51 Hen. III.


A sufficient Pillory.

Assise of Wine.

Assise of Ale.

False

Weights or Measures.

Butchers.

Cooks.

Forrstallcrs.

Ale shall be sold

according to the Price of Barley.

The Assise of Bread.

Punishment of fraudulent Bakers.

Also if they have in the Town a Pillory of conve.nient Strength, as appertaineth to the Liberty of their Market, which they may use, if need be, without bodily Peril either of Man or Woman.

After, they shall inquire of the Assise and Price of Wine, after the Departure of the Justices in Eyre, or of them that were last in Office of the Market of the Town; that is to say, of the Vintners Names, and how they sell [a Gallon1 ] of Wine: And if any corrupted Wine be in the Town, or such as is not wholesome for ManÕs Body.

Also of the Assise of Ale in the Court of the Town how it is, and whether it be observed; and if not, [how much Õ] Brewers h^ve sold contrary to the Assise; and they shall present their Names distinftly and openly, and [that they be3] amerced for every Default, or [to beÔ] judged to the Tumbrel, if they sell contrary to the Assise.

Also if there be any (3) that sell by one Measure, and buy by another. Also if any do use false [Ells,6] Weights or Measures.

And if any Butcher do sell contagious Flesh, or that died of the Murrein. Also they shall inquire of Cooks that seethe Flesh or Fish with Bread or Water, or any otherwise, that is not wholesome for ManÕs Body, or after that they have kept it so long that it loseth its natural Wholesomeness, and then seethe it again, and sell it: [or if any do buy Flesh of Jews, and then sell it to Christians.7]

And also Forestalled, that buy any Thing afore the [due and accustomed Hour,'] against the [good State and WealÕ] of the Town and Market, or that pass out of the Town to meet such Things as come to the Market, [being10] out of the Town, to the Intent that they may sell the same in the Town more dear to Regrators, [that utter it more dear "] than they would that brought it, in case they had come to the [Town or] Market.

When a Quarter of Barley is sold for Two Shillings, then Four [Quarts'Ò] of Ale shall be sold for a Penny ; when for Two Shillings Sixpence, then Seven [Quarts'1] of Ale shall be sold for Two-pence; when for Three Shil.lings, then Three [Quarts '*] for One Penny ; when for Three Shillings Sixpence, then Five [Quarts '*] for Two.pence ; when it is sold for Four Shillings, then Two [Quarts '*] at One Penny. And so from henceforth the Prices shall increase and decrease after the Rate of Sixpence.

1 the Measure 1 how many 1 they shall be

<šbe 5the Town 6 Yards

7 Not in Translations previous to Pulton, 1618.

3 hour which it due and appointed in the Towny 7 Regulation

Ô¡ and hoy " Old Translations omit.

'* Gallon!ÑSee * Assisa Panis & CervisieÕ ante pa. 200.

Item si heat' in villa pilloria debite fortitudinis, sedm qd ptinet ad libtatem mcator qua uti possit si necesse fuerit, sine pido corpis hois, & mulieris.

Et postmodum querat' de assla et vendicione vini, jtJll ^ post recessum Justid itinianciu, vel eorum qui fuenmt ÔjÕteodicSe. ultimo in officio ficati in villa; videh, de nofy vinetariojj p quanto vendiderunt sextarium vini. Item si aliquid vinum sit in villa coruptu, & corpori hois non sanum.

De assisa cVisie in Cur ville qualis sit, & si ob- fvet'; sin autem, que Braciatrices vendiderunt contra ass*m, & nola eaj distin&e & apte psentent, & p De judicani quott delido aficiari debent, vel pari judiciu tumbrelli, ,(i lÒÒW. si contra ass*m vendiderunt.

Item si qui sint in villa qui p unam mensuram emunt, & p aliam vendunt. Item si quis utat1 falsis ulnis vel falsis ponderibj aut mensuris.

Item si quis camifex vendiderit cames [susceinatas,1] vel morte morina. Item de Cocis, si qui decoquant carnes vel pisces in pane vel in aq* vel alio modo non sanas corpori hois, vel postq*m talia tenSint, ita quod debitam natÕam amiserint, ea recalefaciant & vendant: (*).

Item de Forstallariis qui ante horam debitam in villa statutam aliquid emunt cont* statutum ville k iScati, vel qui exeant villam rebus venaliby obviantes,

& ex* villam emant ut in villa eas carius vendant ad regÕtatores q'm fa?ent hii qui eas asportabant, si in nicato venissent.

[3Quando quarftu ordei vendit' p duobj solidis, tunc quatuor lagene cervisie vendant' ad denarium. Q[ndo p duobt solidis sex denariis, tunc septem lagene p duobj denar ; qÒndo p trib} solidis, tunc tres lagene ad denar. Q*ndo p tribj solidis & sex denariis, tunc quinq, lagene ad duos denar; quando p quatuor solidis, tunc due lagene ad denarii!; & sic deinceps crescet' vel diminuet' p sex denarios.1 ]

1 contagiosas

* vel si quis emat carnes de Judeis, 8c eas vendat Christianis.

3 In some Printed Copies this is inserted as a distinA Instrument under the Title of Ô Assisa Cervisie.Õ

statutum De ^tstortbus,

STATUTE concerning BAKERS, Sfr.

Here beginneth the Rule for punishing the Infringers of the Assise of Bread and Ale, Forestallers, Cooks, 8cc. ri^HE Assise of Bread shall be kept, according as it is contained in the Writing of the Marshalsey of our Lord the King, delivered unto them, after the Sale of Wheat, that is to wit, the better, the worse, and the worst. And as well Wastel Bread, as other of what sort soever they be, shall be weighed, according as it is said, [of the Sale of the meaner Wheat:Õ] Neither shall the Assise or Weight of [Wheat *] be changed [more than Six-pence increasing or decreasing, as it is in the Sale of the Quarter.3]

A Baker, if his Bread [be founden a Farthing Weight lacking in *] Two Shillings Six-pence, or under, shall be amerced; and if it [pass the same Number3] he shall suffer Punishment of the Pillory,

> by the Sale of the middle Com : * Bread

3 but by the Increase or Decrease of Six-pence, in the Sale pf a Quarter of Wheat.

4 of a Farthing, be found wanting weight but t want more weight than that,

Ex Lib. Horn. London, fo. mb.

Incip Coposicio ad puniend infringentes assÕm panis & evisie Forestallarios cocos, &c.

ASSISA panis sCdm qd conrinetur in scripto de Mareschaucia Dili Reg, eis libar, teneatur sedm vendicione fri, scilid melioris, sedi, & ?cii. Et tarn vastelli q*m alii panes ponderent' cuj5cumq, genlis sicut supradem est, p tnediam vendicionem fri: Et tunc non mutetur ass* sive pondus panis nisi per sex denarios crescentes, vel decrescentes in vendicione quarterii frumenti

Pistor si inveniatur panis suus de quadrante in defettu ponderis duop solidojs & sex denariop, (') amer- ciet'; et si nunJu illu excedat subeat judiciu pillorie,

1 vel infra, MS. Cott. Claud. D. II, where the first six Para.graphs of this Instrument are given under the Title Ò Statutum Panis & Cervisie.Ó

È The Contents of this Instrument have in various Printed Copies been attributed to 51 Henry III. and 13 Ed*. I.


?dtbit'k4l

3r QUa mi..

wn

P>

'7!

2

for

ro-

Çro

.he

of

Item si hear' in ãn J' ^odum *

*.ÈÈ*T

ÈÈÈÇÇ.,.

¥JtJ?'****

W & noia eaj (W, .

Ò'¡nš ÔÒ'.Òx

tem 81 qui sim in viiu _.

7unt, & p ^ vendunt3 ÒIni* vel falsit ' 81Ò **

r..m ¥ P¡ndtnb3 Ç mosmi fcmstqu*^^

Vtl morte morina. Itš de CtT^

Çl P^e, in

"on sanascorporihSs.vei^^

qu¡d debitª nat'am amiserin,, Q vendant: (*). TO**a|

Item de Forstallariis qui ante horam ifa, villa statutam aliquid emunt coat1 tflcari, vel qui extant villam rebus la*,^ k exÔ v'Uam emant ut in villa qi ontnai, reg*tatores q'm faSent hii qui oi uponfe u irtcato venissent.

[ * Quando quarriu ordei venditÕ pduobjtii, quatuor lagtne cervisie vendant' ad dam tyj P duoba solidis sex denariia, tunc ttpun^esj duobj denar; q*ndo p mb} solidis, tunc to Çi denar. Q'ndo p trib} solidis & xx deaia,a quinq, lagene ad duos denar; quando p qfl.ua tunc due lagene ad denariti; & nc tears vel diminuet' p sex denarios.1 ]

1 contagious

¥ vel si qtiis emat cames de Judeii, knnahOai

i In sorae Printed Copies this ii inserted is s U Instrument under the Title of1 Assisa Cervisie.

Temp-1ncert.

Stat. de Pistoribus.

203

. AKERS, šc.

£x Lii. Horn.LnMpÈ Z5posicio ad puniend infringentes rtf1 9visie Forestallarios cocos, Jcc.

SISA *. ij[f

Mareschauaa Dnt Reg. j.j

vendicione IS, ÇÈ Ò a

mario, crescentes, vel decrescentes *

" 51 mVeniitUr

yfcMS.G*<*M££v

of this Instrument are giÈ

et non remit?etur judiciu delinquent pro auro neq, pro argento: Et quilibet Pistor habeat suu pp'um signu sup quodlibet genus panu suop.

Pilloria, live collistrigium, [& Tumbrellu, continue habeantur' ] debite fortitudinis; Ita qd delinquentes exequi possint judiciu sine corporis piculo.

Tolnetum ad Molendinu, scfdm coem consuetu- dinem Regni, & s2dm fortitudinem cursus aque, capiatur vt ad vicesimu granu, vel ad vicesimu quartu granu. Et mensura per q*m Tolnetu capi debeat sit concordans mensure dni Regis, & capiatur tolnetu per rasum, & niefi cu cumulo vel Cantallo. Et si Firmarii inveniant Molendinariis necessaria sua, nich capiant p>ter debitu tolnetu; et (Õ) all? fecerint gravi? punient'.

Assisa vini sedm ass*m dni Regis observed scilicet; Sexteriu ad xij d. et si Tabemarii illatn assÒm excede- rint, per Majorem & Ballivos hostia claudant', & non pmittant' vinu vender donee a dno Rege licenciam optinuerint.

Assisa t?visie sedtn vendicionem bladi de quo fit bra- siu statuatur, proclamet' & observetur.

Et Braciatrix non accrescat quadrantem in Galone, nisi p xij d. crescentes in vendicione quar?ii brasii, nec minuet q'drantem in galone nisi p xij d. decrescentes in vendicione quarfti brasii. Et qui ass"m cervisie fregerint p mo sCdo & ?cio amercientur; quarto sine redempeione subeant judiciu Tumbrelli.

Carnifex qui vendit cames porcinas supsennuatas, vt cames de morina, (') postqÔm p'mo covidlus fffit gravi? anicietur, sedo covi&us paciat' judiciu Pillorie; tcio incarceretur & redimatur ; quarto abjuret villam; & hoc judiciu fiat de cocis transgredientibus.

[ÔStandarduni busselli [galones3] & ulne, sigillo dni ReS ferro signantur diligen? & salvo custodiantÕ, sub pena C.entu librajs. Et nulla mensura fiet in villa, nisi mensure Dni Regis concordat & signo coitatis ville sit signata. Si quis emat vel vendat per mensuras non signatas, & per majorem & Ballivos non examinatas, gravi? amercietur. Et omnes mensure & ulne, majores vel minores, bis in anno videantur, & dili.gent5 examinent'. Si quis autem 9vidtus fSit cu du- plici mensura majore scilic ad einendum & minore ad vedendum, tanqÕm falsarius incarceret' & gravi? punietur.

Standardum busselli [galones & ulne, & signa qui- bus mensure signande sunt, sint sub Custodia Majoris & Ballivojs et sex legaliu de villa Jurat op, cora quibus omnes mensure signent'.

Nullum genus bladi vendatur p Cumulu seu Cantallum pre? avenam brasiu & farinam.6 ]

[1 Precipue ex pte Dni Regis precipiatur, qd nullus forisstallarius paciatur in villa comorari, [nec in vitt paciatur comorari *] qui paupum est dep'ssor manifeste et tocius coitatis & patrie publicus inimicus; qui bladu, pisces, allec, vel res quascumq, venales p ?ram vel p

1 heatur MS. Cott. 1 si MS. Cott.

3 vel emit cames a Judeis et vendit Christiania

3 galonis * An erroneous repetition.

[In some Printed Copies and Manuscripts these 4 j Sentences are given as separate Instruments under

, ,X the Titles, Ô Statutum de Ponderibus et MensurisÕ ! and Ô Statutum de Forstallariis.Õ See particularly MS. Cott. Claudius D. II. fo. 241 b ; 24a.

Pillories, he.

Toll Çt . Mill.

which shall not be remitted to the Offender either for Gold or Silver. And everv Baker shall have a mark of

his own for (Õ) his Bread.

Every Pillory or Stretchneck (*) [must be made *] of convenient Strength; so that Execution may be done upon Offenders without Peril of their Bodies.

The Toll of a Mill shall be taken, according to the Custom of the Land, and according to the Strength of the Water-course, either to the Twentieth or Four and twentieth Corn. And the Measure whereby the Toll must be taken shall be agreeable to the KingÕs Measure, and Toll shall be taken, [by the Rase,* ] and not by the Heap or Cantel. And in case that the Fermors find the Millers their Necessaries, they shall take nothing besides their due Toll; and if they do otherwise, they shall be grievously punished.

The Assise of Wine shall be kept, [that is a Sexter- TvvinV tium5] at Twelve Pence ; and if the Taverners exceed 0 lneÔ the same Assise, their Doors shall be shut up (*).

The Assise of Ale.

Punishment of Brewers offending.

Punishment of Butchers selling unwholsome Fleih.

Standard Bushels, Gallons, and Yards to be scaled with the King's Seal.

Tunishmcnt for using unlawful Measures.

pooled CopiÇ been attributed w

VOL. I.

The Assise of Ale shall be assessed, proclaimed, and kept according to the Price of the Com whereof the Malt is made. And the Brewer shall not increase [more in a Gallon, but according to the Rate of Six.pence rising in a Quarter of Malt.7] And [if he break the Assise'] the First, Second, and Third Time, [he9] shall be amerced ; but the Fourth Time [he9] shall suffer Judgement of the [Pillory 19 ] without Redemption.

A Butcher that selleth Swines Flesh meazled, or Flesh dead of the Murrain, or that buyeth Flesh of Jews, and selleth the same unto Christians, after he shall be convidt thereof, for the first Time, he shall be grievously amerced; the Second Time he shall suffer Judgement of the Pillory ; and the Third Time he shall be imprisoned and make Fine; and the Fourth Time he shall forswear the Town. And in this Manner shall it be done [of all that offend in like Case."]

The Standard of [Bushels, Gallons, and Ells,'*] shall be sealed with an Iron Seal of our Lord the King, and safe kept, under the Pain of a Hundred Pound. And no Measure shall be in any Town unless it do agree with the KingÕs Measure, and marked with the Seal [of the Shire Town."] If any do sell or buy by Measures unsealed, and not examined by the Mayor or Bailiffs, he shall be grievously amerced. And all the Measures [of every Town,'4] both great and small, shall be viewed and examined twice in the Year. If any be convitt for a Double Measure, that is to wit, a greater for to buy with, and a smaller to sell with, he shall be imprisoned [for his Falshood,'1] and shall be grievously punished.

The Standard, [Bushels and Ells,'6] shall be in the The Standard Custody of the Mayor and Bailiffs, and of Six lawful BuiheW, &c. Persons of the same Town being sworn, before whom be br all Measures shall be sealed. Mayor*, -c.

No Manner of Grain shall be sold by the Heap or Sale by Cantle, except it be Oats, Malt, and Meal. Heap.

But especially be it commanded on the Behalf of our Foreftallcrs Lord the King, that no Forestaller be suffered to dwell defined, in any Town, which is an open Oppressor of Poor People and [ '7of all the Commonalty, and an Enemy of the whole Shire and Country, which for Greediness of his private Gain doth prevent others in buying Grain,

' each cor! of 1 and Tumbrel

3 muet continually be * by Stricke,

s according to the KingÕs Assise; viz. A Gallon * by the Mayor and Bailiffs ; and let them not sell Wine, until they have obtained the KingÕs Licence.

7 >1Ò farthing in the gallon, but by the increase of twelve-pence in the sale of a Quarter of Malt, and shall not decrease the farthing in the gallon but by the decrease of twelve-pence in the sale of a quarter of Malt.

8 whoever break the Assise of Ale, 0 they Ò TumbrelI

" of Cooks offending. 11 Bushel, Gallon, and Yard

13 of the Commonalty of the Town.

'* and Tards 13 as a Falsifier,

16 of the Bushel, Gallon, and Tard, and the Seals wherewith Measures are to be sealed, >7 See next Page Note'.


Punishment of Forestaller*.

Punishment for selling Oatmeal adulterated.

The present Statute shall be observed;

nnd deliver 'd jo the Mayor and Bailiffs.

The Penny of Grains.

The Ounce. The Pound. The Gallon. The Bushel. The Quarter. Stones.

The Sack of Wool.

Fish Herring, or any other Thing to be sold coming by Land or Water'] oppressing the Poor, and deceiving the Rich, [which carrieth away such Thing*, intending to sell them more dear ;*] the which come to Merchants Strangers that bring Merchandize, offering them to buy, and informing them that their Goods might be dearer sold than they intended tb Sell; and (Õ) an whole Town or a Country is deceived by such Craft and Subtilty: He that is convift thereof, the first Time shall be [amerced,*] shall lose the Thing so bought, and that ac.cording to the Custom and Ordinance of the Town ; he that is convict the Second Time shall have Judgement of the Pillory; at the Third Time he shall be impri.soned and make Fine; the Fourth Time he shall abjure the Town. And this Judgement shall be given upon all Manner of Forestalled; and likewise upon them that have given them Counsel, Help, or Favour.

And if any presume to sell the Meal of Oats adulterated, or in any other deceitful manner, for the first offence he shall be grievously punished j for the second he shall lose all his Meal; for the third he shall undergo the judgement of the Pillory; and for the fourth he shall abjure the Town.

All the Things before written shall be observed by com.mand of the King, so that if any, great or small, shall presume to contravene the before written Statutes, in any Thing by Word, Counsel, Help, or Favour, he shall be apprehended as a contemner of the KingÕs Commandments, and imprisoned, and shall not be delivered out of Prison, until he be deli.vered by the command and the express Writ of the King. And the present Schedule shall be delivered to the Mayor and U.iilidi and Six lawful Men of the Town sworn, together with the Standard Bushel, Gallon, Yard, and Stone, to be ob.served; and when need shall be, they may be certified by the same Schedule.

' a public Enemy of the whole Commonalty and Country ; who meeting, lometimts by Land, sometimes by Water, grain, fish, herring, or other things, coming by Land or Water to be sold, doth make haste to buy them before other, thirsting al ter wicked gain;

* and by that means unjustly goeth about to sell the Things much dearer, than he which brought them,

3 so ¥ grievously amerced, and

aquam venientes, qnq, p ?ram vel p aq*m obviando p> cefts [festinant1] lucrii [scien?È] viciosum, paupes opprimens, & diviciores decipiens, [que10] sic minus juste [asportaverat"] multo carius vendere machinatur- qui mercatores extraneos cu rebus venalib} venientes circuvenit, offerens se vendicioni rerum suap, & suegerens eis qd bona sua carius vendere potunt qÔm vendere pponebant; et sic arte vel ingenio villam seducit & patriam ; pÔmo coviftus gravi? amercietur St amittat res sic emptas, et hoc sedm consuetudinem & constitu- cionem ville ; sCdo covi&us paciat' judiciu pillorie; ?cio incarceret' & redimatur ; quarto abjuret villam. Et hoc judiciu [statn] de foristallariis [diesis,J] ; Et similitÕde hiis qui consiliu vel auxiliu prestant vel favorem.14 ]

(,J) Si quis aut vendere psumat farinam avene sophis- ticam, vel aliquo alio modo fallaci, p;mo graviter puniatur; sCdo coviftus amittat totam farinam; ?cio subeat judiciu Pillorie j Quarto abjuret villam. (,4)

* festinat MS. Colt. ? sitiens Printed Copies.

10 qui MS. Cott. " illo qui eas apporta^it MS. Cat.

M fiet MS. Cott. 11 uni?sis MS. Cat.

See Note )ÑÕÇ in preceding Page.

'¥ This Sentence, and that in Note ,6 subjoined, are in some of the old Printed Copies given as a separate Instrument, intituled, ¥ De Venditione Farinx.Õ

16 Omnia prescripta firmiter ex pte Reg observentur, ita qd si aliquis, major vtl minor, contra statuta prescripta, 9bo, consilio, auxilio, vel favore, venire in aliquo psumpserit, tam- q*m mandator Dni Regis contemptor capiatur 8c inprisonet'; nec a prisona dcliberctur donee p mandatum Dni Regis, 8c ejus breve expressum, dcliberctur: et tradatur presens cedula majori & battis 8c sex legalib) de villa jura tis, una cum stan- dardo bussello, galone, ulna, 8c petra, observanda, et cu nccce fuit p candein cedulam possunt cerciorari.

Ssstsa Dc 0onDertb5 et 33ensitrte.

Thf. ASSISE of WEIGHTS and MEASURES.*

BY [Consent1] of the whole Realm (*) the KingÕs Measure was made, so that an English Penny, which is called the Sterling, round without clipping, shall weigh Thirty-two Grains of Wheat dry in the midst of the Ear ; t Twenty-pence make an Ounce ; and Twelve Ounces make a Pound (') and Eight Pounds make a Gallon of Wine ; and Eight Gallons of Wine make a Bushel of London ; which is the Eighth Part of a Quarter (*).

A S.vck of Wool ought to weigh Twenty-eight Stone, that is Three hundred and fifty Pounds, and in some Parts 'Thirty Stone, that is Three hundred and seventy-five Pounds, and they are the same according to the greater or lesser Pound ; Six times Twenty Stone, that is fifteen hundred Pound, make a Load of Lead, to wit the great Load of London, but the Load of the Peak is much less.

. an Ordinance i Gf England

J London, to evil, twenty shillings of Sterlings ;

* of London, sdnd Twelve pounds and a half male the Stone London.

Ex Lib. Horn. London' fo. 123.1

PER ordinacionem Tocius Angt regni, fuit mensura dni Regis composita, videlicet, qd denarius An- glicanus qui vocatÕ sterlyngus, rotundus & sine ton- DenarÕ sura, ponderabit xxxij grana frumenti in medio spice, t <¥* g*ª Et uncia debet pondera? viginti denarios. Et duode- Dt uncia cim uncie faciunt liter London [vidj. xx solidos de libra st'lingop.1] Et viij fibre faciunt galonem vini. Et dt gdoª1 odlo galones vini faciunt bussellu London. Et o£fo de bussefl^ busselli faciunt quarriu London. Et Duodecim Dc quarter fib? & dl faciunt petram London. Saccus lane DePem>

debet ponderare xxviij pet?, [hoc est CCC. & 1. ti-1]

Et in aliquib} ptibj xxx pet? [hoc est CCClxxv. ti.1]

Et idem sunt sedm majorem & minorem libram.

^ Sexies viginti petre [hoc est xv C. ti.1] faciunt de^chano charrii plumbi scilic magnu charru London; S3 charrus del Pek est multo minus.

1 Interlined.

Tractatus de Ponderibus 8c Mensuris,Õ is printed in CayÕs Edition as of 31 Edward \.

PondcTibus ' without Iv n TE 2jr^'J .^n Pert^e^et s Secunda pars Vet. Stat. 1532, is an Instrument, intituled, 1 Compositio dc Fondenbus without any Date. 1 he Copy m the Text is fuller than either: See in pa. 200 the Notes to Assisa Panis, 8tc.

r.?>4ªÒdÈÕ¥ o.<Ç.Ñ*a.Ç->

necessity exrostulat^dividªmp0rÔf>us Pr¡vÔsum quod, propter pauperes, denarius argenti, cestascavoir Sterlings, quotiens em^b^^V^ve^ditionihl^^Knl1, Ò ¡b0,¡SJ& ^adrantes; ex parte domini Regis diftrifte precipitur, quod quicunque m regie majesmi' contemntor r ¥ t"1 Suadrantem legalis metalli, 8c debitam habentem formam recusare presumpsent, tanquam regre majcstatis contemptor cap.atur, 8c m carcerem detrudatur. Preceptum est etiam quod subeat judiciim pillorii.


De Pond. &Õ Mens.

205

JU%[*SÇtinÇ"]0^[r]*I

£ Stores extnneo, c0 Ò!Õ^S C,rcuvenit)offerensseveri">4 ^bonasuT

ac emP*7 Ç hoc sedm

j-.i^SsS5> ÈÒ". *,È * ,* £.** 1 festinat Ail Celt.

>i.vs.c. ãr£Òi

.;*"<* -iEK^

Ô4 See Note iÑu in preceding ftp.

'. Ph'5 Stmcnct' >n<i tint in Note * wbioinol.È. of the old Primed Copies gi,m Ulltpnt[1š intituled, 1 Dc Venditione Finn*.'

Ò 0mnia P^cnpia ftrailer ei pte Reg i*^.- Èi aliquit, major rtl minor, contra Kama coonlio, autilio, rel farore, venire iniCipjLp , q*m mandator Dni Regis coniemptorapuwltsj* nec a prisona ddiberetur donee p mambtiia DSlp; ejua brere erpressum, delibetetur: et tntopna* majori It baitis k *ei legalib) de villajuntis, tone dardo bussello, galone, ulna, it petra, obaemuda, etdai fuit p eandctn cedulam possum cerciorari.

mb3 tt 29?n0uri0.

^HTS AND MEASURES.*

Ex Lib. Hon. Lmiui'fi. UJ.1

P R ordinacionem Tocius Angf regni, fuk bk dni Regis composita, ridelicet, qd detaah r|icanus qui vocat' sterlyngus, rotundiu 4 *È ura, ponderabit xxxij grana frumenti awkf it uncia debet ponderer viginti denaiios. fcÇ ¥im uncie faciunt libr London [ity n * tlingoa.'] Et v5j Libre faciunt pkÈ* ; tfo galones vini faciunt bussellu London, t o msselli faciunt quartern London. & ibr & dl faciunt petram London. 1 lebet ponderare xarij fLf

it in aliquibj ptib) xxx petr L Ò^ ^

it idem sunt sedm nujoreo Dšš

[el Pek est multo minus.

1 Interlined.

. i**! iJ&S&i#?

otes to , , ro^***'*

Temp. Inert.

^ Item charrus plumbi constat ex xxx fotmals ; Et quodlibet fotmal constat ex vj petris, ij libr minus; Et quelibet petra constat ex xij libr; Et quelibet libra constat ex xxv s. in pondere. Sm* librap in le

fotmal lxx ti. Sm* petra^ in la charre viijÒ & xv petr; Et probetur p sexies triginta que sunt novies viginti ; Sj in quolibj fotmal subtrahunt' ij ti a pUi&a multiplicacione, que sunt [lxx1] ti. constituentes v petr. Et ita sunt in la charre viij** & xv petr, ut sup'dem est. Sfdm vero quosdam alios la charre consistit

ex xij Wayes, & hoc est sedm troni ponderacionem, et tunc est suma petra^ in la char? viij" & [xij Ò] & probetur p duodecies [Tresdecim.J] Wayes enl tarn plumbi, q*m lane, Uni, sepi, & casei, ponderant xiiij petras. Et due Waye faciunt unu saccum lane, & xij sacci constituut le Last. Last vero alleciu [rubeop *] constat ex [xij!] miliaribj, et quodliby miliare consistit ex x Centii. Et quodlib} centum ex [v*.Ô] [Ite le Last allecis albi apd London vendit' p x miliar, & quodl3 miliar constat ex xij cent, & quodlj centena? ex v*\ Et hoc est 9*riu rubeo allece, ut p'dcm est.7] Item Last Coriop ex xx Dykeres,

et quodlibet Dacre constat ex x coreiis. Item Dacre Cirotecajs ex x paribj. Dacre vero ferrop

equop [C & x *] ferris. Item Duodena Cirotecaru, pargaineni & allute, cotinet in suo genere xij pelles, vel xij paria Cirotecap. ^j Item Centena Cere, Zu- carii, pipis, Cumin, amigdola^, & Aloyne continet xiij pet? & dimid, & quelibet petra cotinet viij ti. Sm* ti in Centena C. & viij ti; & consistit Centena ex v** & Nora de quelibet libra ex xxv s. Et sciendu qd quelibj

di?so gefle lib de den &c speciebj & confeccionibj, utpote in libraj. eleftuario, constat ex xx solidis; libra vero omniu

aliap reruin constat ex xxv solid: Uncia vero in elec- tuario, constat ex xx d ; et Libra continet xii uncias: In aliis vero rebj libra continet xv uncias: Uncia vero

hinc inde est in pondere xx denarioj}. Centena

bordi, lini, canabii & linee tele, consistit ex C. ulnis, & quelibet Centena constat ex vjÓ. Centena vero

ferrojt equojs ex v". Garba [asceris9 ] constat

ex xxx peciis. Item Sem vitri constat ex xx

pet?, & quelib3 pet? ex v libr. Et ita consistit le Sem ex v** libr. Item duodena ferri ex vj peciis.

Item binda anguillap constat ex x Stikes, et quelib3 Stik ex xxv anguillis. Bynda pelliu constat ex

xxx Tymbres. Senellio Cuniculo^ & de griso

constat ex x pellib3. Chef de fustiane constat ex

Sloue i gleues x*i*j ulnis. ('¡) Le Res alliu continet xv Sloues, et

quelib3 Sloue xxv capita continet. (") Item Centena Mulwello^ & durojs Pisciu constat ex vj** piscib3, & aliquib3 & mltis locis ex ix** & hoc ex dure pisce vocato Aberdene.

1 Sexaginta Printed Copies, tx. MS. Colt.

Ô quatuordrem } Pnn,td CoP'es-

4 Interlined. s altered from x.

6 On an Erasure. Query vxÒ ? sexies viginti Printed Copies.

7 A subsequent Insertion at the Bottom of the Page.

* viginti Printed Copies. 0 Chalybis, Printed Copies.

lo She! sindonis ex decern ulnis Printed Copies.

" In the Margin is written he si pva capita fumt tuc - -

ã judimš!*

'DieLoad of Lead doth (1) consist of Thirty Formels, and Of every Formel containeth Six Stone, except Two Pound ; and every Stone doth consist of Twelve Pound, and every Pound consisteth of the Weight of Twenty-five Shillings, whereby the Sum in the Formel is Seventy Pound. But the Sum of the Stones in the Load is Eight T imes Twenty and Fifteen, and it is proved by Six Times Thirty which is Nine Times Twenty. But of every For.mel there are abated Two Pound in the foresaid Multi.plication, which are Sixty, which make Five Stone.

And so there are in the Load Eight Times Twenty and Fifteen (*) as is aforesaid. According to some other, Weigh*, it consisteth of Twelve [Weights,1] and this is after Troy Weight. And the Sum of Stones in the Load is Eight Times Twenty and Eight Stones, and it is proved by Twelve Times Fourteen. [There is a Weight,4] as well of Lead as of Wool, (s) Tallow, and Cheese, [and weigheth6 ] Fourteen Stone. And Two [Weights'] of Wool make a Sack, and Twelve Sacks make a Last. L*ÈtÈ.

But a Last of [Herrings7] containeth [ten*] thousand, and every Thousand containeth Ten hundred, and every Hundred [sixÕ] score. (lo). A Last of Leather doth consist of Twenty Diker, and every Diker consisteth of Diker*.

Ten Skins. And a Diker of Gloves consisteth of Ten Pair of Gloves. Item a Diker of Horse-shoes doth con.sist of [Ten "] Shoes. Item a Dozen of Gloves, Parch- Dozen*, ment, and Vellum in their Kinds contain Twelve Skins, and Twelve Pair of Gloves. Item a Hundred of Wax, Hundred*. Sugar, Pepper, [Cinamon, Nutmegs, '*] and Allum, containeth Thirteen Stone and a Half, and every Stone Eight Pound. The Sum of Pounds in a Hundred One hundred and eight Pounds ; and the Hundred con.sisted of Five Times Twenty, and every Pound of Twenty-five Shillings. Item it is to be known, that the The different Pound of Pence, Spices, Confeftions, as of Electuaries, consisteth [in weight] of Twenty Shillings. But the Pound of all other Things weigheth Twenty-five Shil.lings. [Item of Eleduaries and ConfeCtions the Pound containeth Twelve Ounces, and an Ounce hereof is of the Weight of Twenty-pence.'1] Item a Hundred of (l4) of Hundred*. Canvass, and Linen Cloth consisteth of One hundred Ells, and every hundred containeth Six Score. But the hundred of [Iron and Shillings'1] consisteth but of Five Score. (l6). The Seeme of Glass containeth [Twenty- Other four'7] Stone, and evej7 Stone Five Pound. And so Weight* and the Seeme containeth [Six '*] score Pound. The Dozen of Iron consisteth of Six Pieces. A Bind of Eels con.sisteth of Ten Stikes, and every Stike Twenty-five Eels. But the Bind of Skins consisteth of [Thirty-three Skins.'9] A Timber of Coney-Skins and Graves con.sisteth of [Forty Ó] Skins. A Chef of Fustian consist.eth of Fourteen Ells. [A Chef of Sindon containeth Ten Ells.] A Hundred of Garlike consisteth of fifteen Ropes, and every Rope containeth [ fifteen *' ] Heads.

[A Hundred of Hard Fish is Eight Score.11]

I also 1 Stone 1 Weighs

* For Weighs 1 Linen 4 do weigh

7 Red-Herrings * twelve 'Ôfive

*¡ Also a Last of Whise Herrings at London is sold for ten thousand, and eaih thousand consists of twelve hundred, and each hundred of Jive score. And this is the contrary of Red-Herrings, at is aforesaid.

II twenty 11 Cummin, Almonds,

Õ> But in EleSuariet the Ounce consisteth of twenty -pence, and the Pound contains twelve Ounces : but in other things the P und contains fifteen Ounces : hut the Ounce in either cate is in weighs twenty-pence.

14 Bord, Linen, Ôs Horse shoes

46 The Sheaf of Steel consisteth of thirty pieces.

Ô7 twenty Ò>Ç

'Èthirty Timbres. 10 ten 14 twenty-five.

11 Alfa a Hundred of Mulvells and Hard Fish consists of si* score Fish, and in some and many plisces of nine score; and this of the hard Pish called Aberdene.


£>tatutum DC ^Dmensurattone %tnt*

STATUTE FOR THE MEASURING OF LAND.

The Manner of admeasuring Land, Meadow, Wood, Pasture, Heath Land, and the like.

Hereunder mention is made of the measuring of Land, and of the Yard of our Lord the King.

TITHEN an Acre of Land containeth Ten Perches in Length, then it shall be in Breadth Sixteen Perches. When Eleven in Length, then Fourteen Perches and a half, and one Foot and five Inches. When Twelve in Length, then Thirteen Perches, one quarter of a Perch, one Foot, and one Inch and a half. When Thirteen in Length, then Twelve Perches, one Quarter, and one Foot. When Fourteen in Length, then Eleven Perches, one quarter, one Foot, one Inch and a half. When Fifteen in Length, then Ten Perches and one half in Breadth. When Sixteen in Length, then Ten Perches in Breadth. When Seventeen in Length, then Nine Perches, one quarter, two Feet and a half, and one Inch and a half. When Eighteen in Length, then Eight Perches and a half, one quarter, two Feet and one Inch and a half. When Nineteen in Length, then Eight Perches, one quarter, two Feet and a half, and four Inches. When Twenty in Length, then Eight Perches in Breadth. When Twenty-one in Length, then Seven Perches and a half, two Feet, and three Inches. When Twenty-iwc in Length, then Seven Perches, one quarter, and five Inches. When Twenty-three in Length, then Seven Perches, one quarter, and four Inches. When Twenty-four in Length, then Six Perches and a half, two Feet and a half, and two Inches. When Twenty-five in Length, then Six Perches, and two Feet and five Inches. When Twenty-six in Length, then Six Perches and two Feet. When Twenty-seven in Length, then Five Perches and a half, one Quarter, two Feet and a half, and one Inch. When Twenty-eight in Length, then Five Perches and a half, and four Inches. When Twenty-nine in Length, then Five Perches and a half. When Thirty in Length, then Five Perches, one quarter, two Feet and a half, and one Inch. When Thirty-one in Length, then Four Perches and a half, one quarter, six Feet and a half, and one Inch. When Thirty-two in Length, then Four Perches and a half, one quarter, three Feet, and three Inches. When Thirty-three in Length, then Four Perches and a half, one quarter, and two Feet and five Inches. When Thirty-four in Length, then Four Perches and a half, three Feet, and three Inches and a half. When Thirty-five in Length, then Four Perches and a half, one Foot, and two Inches. When Thirty-six in Length, then Four Perches, one quarter, and three Feet, and one Inch. When Thirty-seven in Length, then Four Perches, one quarter, and one Foot, and one Inch. When Thirty-eight in Length, then Four Perches, and three Feet, and five Inches. When Thirty-nine in Length, then Four Perches, and two Feet, and two Inches. When Forty in Length, then Four Perches in Breadth. When Forty-one in Length, then Three Perches and a half, one quarter, and two Feet, and five Inches. When Forty- two in Length, then Three Perches and a half, one quarter, and one Foot, and two Inches. When Forty-three in Length, then Three PeTches one half, and one quarter. When Forty- four in Length, then Three Perches and a half, and two Feet.

Ex Lib. Horn. London, pa. 124.

Modus amensurandi Pram, p*tum, boscu, pasturam Brueram, & hujusmoi.

Hie inferius facit mensionem de mensuracoe 9re & de utn dni J5r.

/^VUANDO Ac? tYe gtinet x ptic in iongitudine, tunc xvj partiS in latitudine.

Qn xj long, tunc xiiij ptic dimid, [ I q*rP Õ] k i. pedi & v pollic?.

Qn xij long, tunc xiij ptiS, i quart ptice, i pede, i pollice & dimid.

Qn xiij long, tunc xij ptic, i q'rP, i ped.

Qn xiiij long, tuc xj ptiS, i q*r?, i ped, i polite & di. Qn xv long, tuc x ptic di in latitud.

Qn xvj longtne, tunc x ptic? latitudine.

Qn xvij long, tuc ix ptic, 1 q*rP, ij ped k di, i poH & di.

Qn xviij long, tuc viij ptic & di, i q*r, ij ped, i port

& di.

Qn xix long, tuc viij pt, i q*r?, ij ped & di, k iiij potl. Qn xx long, tunc viij ptic latitudme.

Qn xxj long, tunc vij pt & di, ij ped, & iij pollic. Qn xxij long, tuc vij pf, i q*r, & v polliS,

Qn xxiij long, tuc vij pt, i q*r & iiij pollif.

Qn xxiiij long, tuc vj ptic & di, ij ped & di, & ij poll. Qn xxv long, tuc vj pf, & ij ped, k v pollic.

Qn xxvj long, tuc vj pt & ij ped.

Qn xxvij long, tuc v pt di, i q*r, ij ped & di & i poll. Qn xxviij long, tuc v pt di & iiij poll.

Qn xxix long, tuc v pt & di.

Qn xxx long, tuc v pf, i q*r, ij ped & di, & i poll. Qn xxxj long, tuc iiij pf & di, i q*r, vj ped & di, & i potl.

Qn xxxij long, tuc iiij ptic & di, i q*r, iij ped Sc iij pott.

Qn xxxiij long, tuc iiij pf di, I q*rt, & ij ped, & v poll. Qn xxxiiij long, tuc iiij pf di, iij ped, k iij poll & di. Qii xxxv long, tuc iiij pf di, & i ped, k ij poll.

Qn xxxvj long, tuc iiij pf, I qTt, & iij ped, & i pollic. Qn xxxvij long, tuc iiij pf, i q*r?, & i ped, [& i ped.*] On x xxviij long, tuc tuc iiij pf, & iij ped, & v poll. Qn xxxix long, tuc iiij pt, k ij ped & ij pollic.

Qn xl pf long, tunc iiij pt latitudine.

Qn xij long, tuc iij pt di, I qTt, ij ped k v poll. Qn xiij long, tuc iij pf, di, I qÕr?, & i ped, Sc ij poll. Qii xiiij long, tuc iij pf, di, & i q*r.

Qn xliiij long, tuc iij pt & di, k ij ped.

1 Struck through with a Line. 2 Lib. Oust. LomL 1omits.

* This Title is from the Copy in Tottell's Magna Carta, See. 1556, where this is given as a Statute of 33 Edw. I. The Calculation there, asalio in the older Printed Copies and Translations, is much shorter than that in the Text. The following short Article, intituled, Ô Compositio Ulnarum k Perticarum, is inserted in MS. Cost. Claudius D. II. fo. 241 b. and in some of the Old Printed Copies: The Translation, is from RastallÕi Collection ; 1603.

Ordinatum est qd tria g'na ordei sicca & rotunda faciunt pollicem ; duodecim pollices faciunt pedein; tres pedes faciunt ulnam -, quinq, ulne et dimidia faciunt pticam ; & quadraginta ptice in Iongitudine, & quatuor in latitudine faciunt unum Acram.

It is Ordained that three Grains of Barley dry and round do make an Inch ; Twelve Inches make a Foot; Three Feet make a Yard} Five Yards and a Half make a Perch; and Forty Perches in Length and Four in Breadth make an Acre.


Temp. Incert.

De Admens. Terre.

207

In,,

E* Lib. I

M* ^

Hi ! H,c ,nferiu, fa,;, J a

UANDO Acf ft, ¥

x) '¡0g, tunc xiiij & v pollif.

Q" Èj long, tuncrijprij; o

1 Mike &dimid. W ^

Qn xv long, tuc x ptiC di in britud Õ

Qn xVj longtiic, tuncxpriew^

È***1*Hl*

Qfi*ixlong)tucviijpt,iq>I?)ij^(

QÈ XX long, tunc viij pie latitudme.

Qn xxjlong, tuncvijpt&di,ij14i Qn x.xij long, tuc vij pt, i qf,&Tpoll Qnxxiijlong, tficrij pf, iq*? 4^

Qn xxiiij long, tuc vj pd{ 4 di, ij ptJJ Qn xxv long, tucvjpt, & ij ped, i-T|

Qn xxvj long, tuc vj pf it ij pot Qn xxvij long, tuc v pt di, i q*r, q ped I Qn xxviij long, tuc v pt di it iiij pot Qn xxix long, tuc v pt & di.

Qn xxx long, tuc v pt, iqÔr, ij ped&c Qn xxxj long, tile iiij pt it di, i (ft Sc i poH.

Qn xxxij long, tuc iiij jric & di, i q k iij poll.

Qii xxxiij long, tuc iiij |

Qn xxxiiij long, tuc i Qii xxxv long, tuc iiij pt d Qn xxxvj long, tuc iiij pt,I Qii xxxvij long, tuc iiij pt,

On xxxviij long, tuc tuc ii Qii xxxix long, tiic uij pt,

Qii xl pt long, tunc Ç'j P>

Q,i xlj long, tuc iij ptdÔ.

Qf, xlij long, tuc iij pt,di,

Qii xiiij long, tuc iij pt.^

Qii xliiij long, tuc Hj P<k ' Stwk tirmgl wtl >

i rtick, mOtnW,

Qii xlv long, tuc iij pi, di, & j ped, & ij pollie.

Qn xlvj long, tunc iij pi & di, 8c ij poll.

Qii xlvij long, tunc iij pi, I q*r?, ij ped & di, 8c j poll.

Qii xlviij long, tunc iij pi, I q*r9, 8c i ped, 8c iij poll 8c di.

Qn xlix long, tuc iij pi, I q*r?, 8c iij poll.

Qii 1. pi long, tuc iij pi, 8c iij ped, ij poll. 8c di.

Qii lj long, tunc iij pi, 8c j ped 8c di, 8c iiij pott.

Qii Iij long, tuc iij pi, 8c i pes, 8c iij pollie.

Qii Iiij long, tuc iij pi 8c iij pollie.

Qii liiij long, tuc ij pi di I qÔr?, iij ped, 8c iiij pott. Qii lv long, tuc ij pi di I q*r?, ij ped 8c di, 8c i pott. Qii lvj long, tuc ij pi di j qÔrj?, ij ped, & iij pott.

Qii lvij long, tuc ij pi 8c di, j q*r, i pes, 8c ij pott.

Qii lviij long, tuc ij pt 8c di, j qÔr, di ped.

Qii lix long, tuc ij pi 8c di, 8c j q*r.

Qii lx pi long, tuc ij ptic 8c di, 8c iij pedes. (a)

Qii lxj long, tuc ij pi 8c di, j ped 8c di.

Qii lxij long, tuc ij ptic 8c di, 8c [i ped, 8c iiij pott.'] Qii lxiij I5g, tuc ij pi 8c di, di pede, 8c v pollie.

Qii lxiiij I5g, tuc ij pi 8c di.

Qii Ixv log, tuc ij ptic, j qÓr, iij ped 8c di, 8c iiij pott. Qii lxvj log, tuc ij ptic, j q*r, ij ped 8c di, 8c iiij pott. Qii lxvij long, tuc ij ptic, j q*r, 8c ij ped.

Qii lxviij long, tuc ij ptie, j q*r, i pede 8c di, 8c j pott. Qii lxix long, tuc ij ptie, j qÒr, j ped, 8c v pott.

Qii lxx long, tuc ij ptie, j q*r, di ped, 8c iij pott.

Qii lxxj long, tuc ij ptie, j q'r, 8c iij pott.

Qii lxxij log, tuc ij pt, iij ped 8c di, 8c j pott.

Qii lxxiij log, tuc ij pf, iij ped, 8c ij pott.

Qii lxxiiij long, tuc ij ptie, ij ped 8c di, 8c j pott.

Qii lxxv long, tuc ij pt 8c ij ped.

Qii lxxvj logit, tuc ij pt, j ped 8c di, 8c iij pott.

On lxxvij logit, tuc ij pt, j ped, 8c iij pollie.

Qii lxxviij long, tuc ij pt, di ped, 8c ij pollie.

Qii lxxix log, tuc ij ptie 8c iiij pollie.

Qii lxxx log, tuc latitudie ij ptie.

Et Md, qd ulna Dili Reg ferrea, continet iij pedes, 8c non plus. Et pes debet contiSe xij pollices p refta mesura h9i ulne metita j vidt tricesima sexta ps dee ulne recte metita facit j. pollice, n¡ plus nr min9. Et qÔnz ulne 8c di facit j. pticam, i, sexdeci pedes 8c dimid merit p predeam ulnam diii ferream.

1 On an Erasure.

When Forty-five in Length, then Three Perches and a half, and one Foot, and two Inches. When Forty-sis in Length, then Three Perches and a half, and two Inches. When Forty-seven in Length, then Three Perches, one quarter, two Feet and a half, and one Inch. When Forty-eight in length, then Three Perches, one quarter, one Foot, and three Inches and a half. When Forty-nine in Length, then Three Perches, one quarter, and three Inches. When Fifty Perches in Length, then Three Perches and three Feet, two Inches and a half. When Fifty-one in Length, then Three Perches, and one Foot and a half, and four Inches. When Fifty-two in Length, then three Perches, and one Foot, and three Inches. When Fifty-three in Length, then Three Perches, and three Inches. When Fifty-four in Length, then Two Perches and a half, one quarter, three Feet and four Inches. When Fifty-five in Length, then Two Perches and a half, one quarter, two Feet and a half, and one Inch. When Fifty-six in Length, then Two Perches and a half, one quarter, two Feet, and three Inches. When Fifty-seven in Length, then Two Perches and a half, one quarter, one Foot and two Inches. When Fifty- eight in Length, then Two Perches and a half, one quarter, and half a Foot. When Fifty-nine in Length, then Two Perches and a half, and one quarter. When Sixty Perches in Length, then Two Perches and a half, and three Feet. When Sixty-one in Length, then Two Perches and a half, one Foot and a half. When Sixty-two in Length, then Two Perches and a half, and one Foot, and four Inches. When Sixty-three in Length, then Two Perches and a half, half a Foot, and five Inches. When Sixty-four in Length, then Two Perches and a half. When Sixty-five in Length, then Two Perches, one quarter, three Feet and a half, and four Inches. When Sixty-six in Length, then Two Perches, one quarter, two Feet and a half, and four Inches. When Sixty- seven in Length, then Two Perches, one quarter, and two Feet. When Sixtv-eight in Length, then Two Perches, one quarter, one Foot and a half, and one Inch. When Sixty-nine in Length, then Two Perches, one quarter, one Foot, and five Inches. When Seventy in Length, then Two Perches, one quarter, half a Foot, and three Inches. When Seventy-one in Length, then Two Perches, one quarter, and three Inches. When Seventy-two in Length, then Two Perches, three Feet and a half, and one Inch. When Seventy- three in Length, then Two Perches, three Feet, and two Inches. When Seventy-four in Length, then Two Perches, two Feet and a half, and one Inch. When Seventy-five in Length, then Two Perches, and two Feet. When Seventy- six in Length, then Two Perches, one Foot and a half, and three Inches. When Seventy seven in Length, then Two Perches, one Foot, and three Inches. When Seventy-eight in Length, then Two Perches, half a Foot, and two Inches. When Seventy-nine in Length, then Two Perches, and four Inches. When Eighty in Length, ihcn in Breadth Two Perches.

And Be it Remembered, That the Iron Yard of our Lord the King, containeth three Feet and no more. And a Foot ought to contain Twelve Inches, by the right measure of this Yard measured; to wit, the Thirty-sixth Part of this Yard rightly measured maketh one Inch, neither more nor less. And Five Yards and a half make one Perch, that is Sixteen Feet and a half, measured by the aforesaid Iron Yard of our Lord the King.

(Ç) The original Entry appears to have ended here: What follows is written at the Bottom of some subsequent Pages,

beneath other Matter of a different Nature.


General Days in Bank.

IF a Writ come in the Utas of Sit. Michael a Day shall be given thereupon unto the Utas of St. Hilary; And if it come in the Quinzime of St. Michael, Day shall be given unto the Quinzime of St. Hilary ; If it come in the three Weeks after St. Michael, the Day shall be cras- tino Purificationis ; If within a Month after Michaelmas, in the Utas of the Purification ; If in crastino Anima.rum, then in the Quinzime of Easter; If in crastino Martini, then in the three Weeks after Easter; If in the Utas of St. Martin, then in Easter Month ; If in the Quinzime of St. Martin, then within five Weeks after Easter; and also there is Day specially given in cras.tino Ascensionis, and it countervaileth as much as within five Weeks after Easter ; If in the Utas of St. Hilary, in the Utas Trinitatis j If in Quindena Hilarii, then in Quindena Trinitatis, and sometime in Crastino of St. John Baptist; If in Crastino Purificationis, then in Crastino and Utas of St. John Baptist; If in the Utas of the Purifi.cation, then in Quindena of St. John Baptist; If in Quindena Paschae, then in the Utas of St. Michael; If within three Weeks after Easter, then in Quindena of St. Michael; If within Easter Month, then within three Weeks of the Feast of St. Michael; If within five Weeks after Easter, or in Crastino Ascensionis, then within a Month after the Feast of St. Michael; If in the Utas of the Trinity, then in Crastino Animarum; If in Quin.dena Trinitatis, or in Crastino of St. John Baptist, then in Crastino Martini; If in the Utas of St. John Baptist, then in the Utas of St. Martin ; If in Quindena of St. John Baptist, then Day shall be given unto Quindena Martini. And so every Term shall answer to other.

Die* Commune* ue TBanco.*

Ex Lib. Horn, fo. 157.

Q1 bre ve&it in Odtab Scfi Mictiis dabitr dies In Odtab Sci Hillar.

Si in q'ndena Scfi Michis In q'ndena S?i Hillar Si in trib3 sep'nis SCi Michis In Crastino Purificacionis Si in Mens Sci Mich In Odtab Purificacionis Si in Crastino Animay In q'ndena Pasch Si in Crastino Scfi Martini In tribj sep'nis Pasch

Si in Odtab Sci Martini Si in q'ndena Sci Mar?

In Mens Pasch In q'nq, sep*nis Pasch

Si in mense Pasche

Et est quidam dies special datus In Crastino Ascensionis Dni & tantum valet q*m quinq, septimanas Pasch.

Si in Odtab Sci Hillar In odtab See Trinitatis

Si in quindena Sci Hillar In q'ndena See Trinitatis(') Si in Crastino Purificacionis In [crastino Õ] Sci Johnis Si iri Odtab Pur In [Odtab3] Sci Johnis

[* Si in q'ndena Pasche In Odtab Scfi Michis Si in tres septimanas Pasche In quindena Sci Michis

f In tres septimanas Scfi " [ Michis Si in q'nq, septimanas'j

Pasche, vel in Ostino > In mense Sci Michis *] ascenc dni )

Si in Odtab See Trinitat In Crastino Anima^

Si in q'ndena See Trinitatis (5) In Crastino Sci Martini Si in [Crastino6] Sci Johnis In Odtab Scfi Martini Si in [Odtab7] Scfi Johnis In q'ndena Sci Martini. (')

1 & aliquando in Crastino sci Johis Bapte MS.Colt.

, C Oftab MS. Cott.

Crastino & in Odtabis Printed Copiet.

3 quindena MS.Cott. 4 From MS.Cott.

5 vel in crastino sci Johis Baptiste, J

4 odtab 1 quindena >AfS.CW.

* Et sic respondet quilibet Pminus alii. J

General Days in Dower.

IF the Writ do come in Odtabis Michaelis, Day shall be given until Crastino Animarum ; If it come in Quindena Michaelis, Day shall be given until Crastino Martini; If within three Weeks after the Feast of St. Michael, then in Odtabis Martini; If in Mense Michaelis, then in Quindena Martini; If in Crastino Animarum, then in Odtabis Hilarii; If in Crastino Martini, then in Quindena Hilarii; If in Odtabis Martini, then in Cras.tino Purificationis ; If in Quindena Martini, then in Octabis Purificationis ; If in Odtabis Hilarii, then in Quindena Paschae ; If in Quindena Hilarii, then in Tribus septimanis Paschš ; If in Crastino Purifica.tionis, then in Mense Paschš ; If in Odtabis Purifica.tionis, then in Crastino Ascensionis ; If in Quindena Paschš, then in Odtabis Trinitaris ; If in Tribus septi.manis Paschš, then in Quindena Trinitatis ; If in Mense Paschš, then in Crastino Johannis Baptistš ; If in Quin- que septimanas Paschš, then in Odtabis Johannis ; If Crastino Ascensionis, then in Quindena Johannis ; If in Odtabis Trinitatis, then in Odtabis Michaelis ; If in Quindena Trinitatis, then in Quindena Michaelis ; If in Crastino Johannis Baptistš, then in Tribus septimanis Michaelis; If in Odtabis Johannis Baptistš, then in Mense Michaelis ; If in Quindena Johannis Baptistš, then in Crastino Animarum.

Die* Commune* De Dote.*

Ex Lib. Horn,/o. 157.

Ab Odtab Sci Michis

A qÕndena Sci Michis A tribj sep'nis Scfi Mich A Mens SSi Mich A Crastino Animap A Crastino Scfi M'tini Ab Odtab Scfi M'tini A q'ndena Sci M'tini Ab Odtab Scfi Hillar A q'ndena Sci Hillar A Crastino Purificacionis Ab Odtab Purificacionis A q'ndena Pasch A trib3 sep'nis Pasch A Mens Pasch A quinq, sep'nis Pasch A Crastino Ascencionis dni Ab Odtab See T Ônitatis A quindena See Trinitatis A Crastino Scfi Johnis Ab Odtab Sdfi Johnis

In Crastino Anima^

In Crastino Scfi Martini In Odtab Sci Martini In quindena Scfi Martini In Odtab Scfi Hillar In q'ndena Sci Hillar In Crastino Purificacionis In Odtab PurifiCac&nis In q'ndena Pasch In tribj sep'nis Pasch In Mens Pasch [In q'ncj, sep'nis Pasch'] In Odtab Scfe Trinitatis In q'ndena See Trinitaf In Crastino Scfi Johnis In Odtab Scfi Johni In q'ndena Sci Johnis In Odtab Scfi Michis In quindena S2i Michis In t'b3 sep'nis Scfi Michis In Mens Sci Michis. (Õ)

1 in Crastino Ascent! dni MS. Cott; Old Printed Copies.

' Si in quindena sandfti Johannis Baptiste in crastino ani.marum. Old Printed Copies.

¥ This and the aucceeding Instrument have been usually printed as of 51 Hen. III. By Cay they are classed as Statutes 2 and 3 of that Year; and are printed from the Copy in MS. Cott. Claudius D. II. [fo. 237.] which, though in many Instance4 erroneous, supplies some Deficiencies of the Copy in Lib. Horn.


Coi

til

nd

be

in

IS-

Ç,

la-

no

in

he

ter

is-

tin

7.

in

in

10

fi-

m

If

of

ee

is

a

of

1

È

>t.

u

1mnunes.

Diej

JSk1 b?e VeSit in

S

m Mens Sci Mich , ^nCrastinoAni

^CrastinoSfiM^i

^ÒÒq'ndenaSciMa,;

SlÈOfbbSaHillar q

Si in quindena Sci Hillaf sÇ m Crastino Purificadonis! SiinOQabPu?

lisa

£..**** ins?

in tres tennmÇiÈ. d.._l .

m tres ttpdnamj Pasche In Si in mense Pasche .| Õ

Sl in qH septimanajl

Si in Odkab See Trinitat IãCr^ Si m q'ndena SceTriniuds (') In CnmoSSfe Si in [Crastino*] Sci Jotinis In OdabSo Mai Si in [Oftab?] Sfi Jofcnii InqndenaSa te

( Crastino 8c in Othbij PnniU,

1 quindena MS.Citt. 'FmMSk.

1 vel in crastino sci Johis Baptiste,

* ! quindetn flife

1 li sic respondet quilibet Pminosalii

£>it0 Communes lie Dote

Ex Lit. flin, f>. 157.

In Ctasdno As In Crasdno SS Sbi

In OdabSaMra

In CnmoM* In Odib

Ab 03ab Sfi Michis A q'ndena Sci Michis A tribj sep*nis Sfi Mich A Mens Sfi Mich A Crastino Animap A Crastino Sci Mtini Ab Oclab Sci Mtini A q'ndena Sci Mtini Ab Ofhb Sei Hillar A q ndena Sfi Hillaf A Crastino Purificadonis Ab Oclab Purificadonis A q'ndena Pascb

A tribj septus Pascti A Mens Pascb

A quinq* septiis Pascb - - A Crastino Ascendonis dm hjg' Ô SbOthSSfcTW

ACn-oSSJ**

Ab OSab Sfi Jobnis

. iã Crastino Ascent dni SIS. 0ÈÈ

. Si in quindena ssnfli Johannis BapW n. Old Prixtfd Qft'i-

In tribj septiis W In Mens Pascl [In qtiqseptiihsi

InOdatScefc

In CnsrinoS3]iÇ InOdabS5)*s

( 209 )

#jol)tb<tio fojmata De £>tatuto arttcuK Cleri. *

A Prohibition made upon the Articles of the Clergy.

EDWARDUS, &c. Prelatis, Archidia?, Offifi, & aliis ministris ecclesiasticis per dioces Norw, constitut salutem. Cum cognitiones placitorii sup feodalibus et libertatibus feodaliu, districrionib9, officiis ministroru, executionibus judiciorum corone nostre, transgres- sionibus cotra pacem nostram fattis, [telonu.] nega- tionibus, consuetudinibus secularib9, attachiamentis vi laica, malefa&oribus reftatis, roberiis, arestacionibus, maneriis, advocationibus ecclesiarum, coventionib9, sufficientib9 assisis, juratis, recognitionib9 laicum feodu cotingentibus, & rebus aliis, ac causis pecuniarii et de aliis catallis et debitis, que, non de testamento vel matrimonio, ad coronatn et dignitatem nram ptineant, eisdem regno de consuetudine ejusdem regni appbata et haften9 observata. Et proceres seu magnates, aut alii de eodem regno, temporibus nostrop predecessor regu Anglie, seu nostro, autoritate alicujus non con- sueverunt contra consuetudine ilia super hujusmodi rebus in causa trahi, vel copelli ad comparendum coram q"cunque Judice ecclesiastico: Nostj, et progenitores nostri et consuetudine predifta pro nobis et aliis de ipso regno [ubi *] fuerimus semp libertatibus hujus.modi, tanq pertinentib9 ad regiam dignitatem nostra: Ac vos et tninistri vestri de comunitate com nostrorum NorfP et Suff* qui pro hujusmodi reb9 per vices pro voluntatibus vestris trahitis in placitis coram vobis in Cur Christianitatis sief ex relatu fidedignorum pro certo accepimus; vobis prohibemus, ne placitu illud teneatis in Cur Christianitatis, maxime cum hujusmodi placita ad nos et non ad alium ptineant in eodem regno; Ac nos super his et aliis, quorum cognitio ad nos pertinet, parati sumus quibuscunc^ p nos et mnistros nostros in cur nostra plenam et celerem justiciam exhiber. Man.damus autem dilefto & fideli nostro R. et vie nostro com preditlop, quod premissa vobis et aliis in partibus illis, et talia cosimilia in prejudicium dignitatis nostre regie acceptantibus, firmiter inhibeant ex parte nostra: Et qd si qui vestri hujusmodi placita teneant, vel si qui ea sequantur cora vobis in Cur Christianitatis contra phibitionem nostram predidam, diet vie vos et alios hujusmodi placita tenentes, vel sequentes, ponant per vadios et salvos plegios, quod sitis vel sint coram Justie nostris apud Westm ad certum diem ad respond coram eis superpremissis, & ad faciend ulterius, quod haftenus in hujusumodi casibus et consimilibus fieri consuevit; Et quod non pmittant quod aliqui laici in halliva sua in aliquib9 locis conveniant ad aliquas recognitiones per sacramenta sua fae, nisi in causis matrimonialibus, et testamentar; Et ne super hujus.modi feodis, debitis, et catallis, et coram vobis et aliis judicibus ecclesiasticis, in prejudicium jurisdidionis nostre regie ad coronam & dignitatem nostra spedant, subir presumant. Et quod quid vos in hac parte de his feceritis, reddant nos ad plenu certiores. In cuj9 rei testim, &c. T. &c.

1 felonum 2 Inst. 600. * Rend usi

EDWARD, &c. To the Prelates, Archdeacons, Officials, and other Ministers Spiritual through the Diocese of Norwich, Greeting: Whereas Cogni.zances of Pleas upon Feodals, and Liberties of Feodals, Distresses, Offices of Minister, Executions (') done against our Peace, Denials of Felons, Customs Secular, Attachments Vi laica, Malefadors accused, Robberies, Arrests, Manors, Advowsons of Churches, [sufficient Covenants, Assizes,*] Juries, Recognitions touching Lay Fee, and other Matters and Causes of Money, and of other Cattels and Debts, which are not of Testament or Matrimony, pertain to our Crown and Dignity, by Custom approved and hither-unto observed in the same Realm: And the high or noble Men, or other of the same Realm in the Time of our Ancestors Kings ot England, or of our Time, by any Mans Authority have not used against such Custom upon any such Matters to be drawn in Suit, or compelled to appear before any Spiritual Judge : And We and our Predecessors, for Us and others of the same Realm, have always used such Liberties as pertain to our Regal Dignity; and you and your Ministers do draw before you in the Spiritual Court them of the Commonalty of our Counties of Norff. and Suff. for such Things at sundry Times at your Pleasures, as by relation of our welbeloved, we have for certainty heard say: We prohibit you, that vou hold no such Plea in the Spiritual Court, chiefly seeing such Pleas appertain unto Us, and not to any other in the same Realm: And We upon these and other, the Cognizance whereof pertaineth unto Us, are ready by Us and our Ministers in our Court, to give full and speedy Justice to any whatsoever ; and We command our well-beloved and faithful R. and our Sheriffs of our fores&id Counties, that they straightly forbid on our behalf, you and other as shall attempt such Things in prejudice of our regal Honor : And that if any of you hold such Pleas, or if any prosecute the same before you in the Spiritual Court against our Prohibition aforesaid, that our said Sheriff bring you and such others holding and following such Pleas, by Sureties and safe Pledges, that you or they be before our Justices at Westminster at a certain Day, to answer before them upon the Premises, and to do further, which hitherunto in such Cases and the like hath been accustomed to be done : And that they suffer not that any Laymen within their Bailiwick, come together in any Places to make any such Recognitions by their Oaths, except in Causes of Matrimony and Testamentary : And that they yield not to pass upon such Fees, Debts, and Cattels before you, and other Spiritual Judges in prejudice of our Princely Jurisdiction belonging to our Crown and Dignity : And that which you shall do of those Matters in this Behalf he do fully give us to understand. In Witness whereof, See. Witness, &c.

1 of the Judgments of our Crown, Trespasses x Covenants, sufficient Assizes.

Cognizance of Common Law Pleat.

Usurpation thereof by Ecclesiastical Judges forbidden.

Offenders shall be attached.

Laymen shall not answer in such Matters.

* Iliis is printed from the Copy in BertheletÕs * Secunda Pars Veterum Staturorum * 1532. See 2 Inst. pa. 600, that this Prohibition was framed on certain Articuli Cleri 5, Hen. III. The Translation is from Ras.all s Enghsh Coition, .603.

ffl.

[fa 237-]whichÕ ^


Proceedings of Enquirers in summoning Bailiffs of Hundreds, See.

Sealing up the CoronerÕs Rolls.

Oath and Charge of Baltins.

forming the Grand Inquest.

£0tatu3 De £*eestre.

The STATUTES of EXETER*

r | 'HIS is the Form ordained by the King and his Council, A whereby the Inquirers ought to take the Inquests against a Coroner, how he hath borne himself in his office.

It is Provided and Ordained, That the Enquirers shall com.mand the Sheriff of the place, that he do cause to come at a certain day, and at a certain place, which shall be assigned him by the aforesaid Enquirers, all the Bailiffs within the Wapentakes, Hundreds, and Franchises, that are and have been Bailiffs or Beadles, if they be living, during the Time when P. de C. was the Coroner of our Lord the King in that County ; that is to say, all that are and have been Bailiffs or Beadles within the Precintt of the Bailiwick belonging to that Coroner, or without, if need be. And that they do also cause to come before them the Coroner concerning whom they take the Inquest, with all his Rolls of the whole Time of his being Coroner of our Lord the King, and all his Clerks who are living. And the Enquirers shall forthwith safely seal, with their Seals, all the Rolls of the aforesaid Coroner, and redeliver them to the Coroner, that he may have them ready when the Justices in Eyre shall come to sit in that County, or that the King shall otherwise ordain in the matter. And if the Coroner be dead, after the same Manner shall it be done to his Heir, for his FatherÕs Time j so that neither the Coroner nor his Heir, nor their Clerks may forge the Rolls against the coming of the Justices, nor otherwise do any thing, in what may respcCt the Crown, to the prejudice of the King and Damage of the People, and in Hindrance of any ManÕs Right, as they have heretofore done. And, afterwards the Enquirers before named shall cause all the aforesaid Bailiffs to swear, that they will well and faithfully do that which they shall give them in charge on the KingÕs Behalf, and keep the KingÕs Counsel. And then when they shall have made the Oath, every Bailiff of a Wapentake, Hundred, and Franchise shall be severally charged to bring before the Enquirers aforesaid, at a Day, in a Place certain, that shall be given him by them, the Names of all the Towns, Half-towns, and Hamlets within his Wapentake, Hundred, and Franchise, written in a Roll, and at the same Day and Place shall deliver them to the afore.said Enquirers: And afterwards the Enquirers shall charge the aforesaid Bailiffs to cause to come before them, at a certain Day and Place which they shall appoint, from each Town eight Men, from an Half-town six Men, and from an Hamlet four, of the best and most lawful Men, except the Lords of such Towns, Half-towns, and Hamlets aforesaid, by whom the aforesaid Enquirers shall take the grand Inquest of twelve, of each Wapentake, Hundred, and Franchise, and Town answering by twelve, if there be any in the Precindf aforesaid ; and every one of the aforesaid eight, six, and four

Ex Lib. Scacc. X. Westm.fo. 38. r /"TEO est la fourme ordine par le Rey e son con- L\Ñ' seil, coment les Enquerors deivent pndre les en- questes sur coruner coment il se ad porte en son office.1] PORVEU est e ordine ke les Enquerors maundent au Viscounte del liu, kil face venir a un ?tein jor e ?tein liu ke maunde li serra par les avaut diz Enque.rors tua les Baillifs de dena les Wapentades, Hundrea, Pnchises k sunt e unt estee Baillifs ou bedeus sil en vie seient du tes R P. de C. fust Corun! nre SeignÕ le Rey en cel Counte; ceo fet a entendre tua les Baillifs ou bedeus ke sunt e ke unt estee de dena la porcente de la Baillie aportenaut a cel Coron! ou dehors si mes? seit. E kil facent ausy venir devaut eus le Coroner de ky il pndrent lenqueste o tua ces Routes de tut son tens kil fust CoroS nre Seign' le Rey, e tua ces Clers ken vie sunt. E les Enquerors meintenafit de sua lur seals tua les roules lavauntdit CoroS sauvement les enselent si les rebailet at CoroS kil les eit prest quel hure ke les Justices en Eyre vengent seer en cel countee, ou ke le Rey ordeine autrement de ceste chose. E si le CoroS seit mort, seit fet en meme la manere a son heir del tens son pere; issi ke le Coroner ne son heir ne lor Clers pussent forger lur roules en- countre la venue des Justice?, ne autrement, ke seient en les poina de la Corone en p'judice le Rey, e damage du poeple e en arerisement de dreit a nuly, cum avaut ces hures unt fet. E a p's facent les avaut nomez En.querors tua les avaut diz Baillifs jurer ke ben e leal- ment frunt ceo ke eus lur chargerunt de part le Rey, e le coseil le Rey celerunt. E pus k*nt il averunt fet le serement, seit checun Baillif de Wape, Hundred e Pnchise chargee p sey kil eit devaunt les avautdit En.querors, au jor en liu certein ke donee ly serra par eus, les nuns de totes les viles demie viles, e hamelez ke sunt en son Wap Hundred e Pnchise escÕa en roule, e a meme le jor e meme le liu les delivre sus as avauntdis Enquerors: e a p's chargent les Enquerors les avauntdiz Baillifs au jor e en liu c?tein kil or- deinent e facent venir devaut eus de checune vile huit houmes, e de demye vile sys houmes, e de hamelet q*tre des meillurs e plus leauz genz, hor*p's les Seig- nurages de viles, demie viles e hamelez avaunt nomez p queus les avaut nomez Enquerors pndrunt la g*nt enqueste de duzze, de checun Wap Hundred e F*n- chise e Vile ke respunt par duzze sy en la porceinte avat dit seit j e checun des avautdiz huit e sis e qÒtre

1 MS. Cott: and Printed Copies, omit this Sentence.

¥ In the Printed Copies this Statute is ascribed to 14 Edw. I. It is printed as Two Instruments, the first intituled 1 Statutum Exonie de Inquisitione facienda super Coronatores,Õ and the second, ( Articuli super precedens Statutum Exonie.Õ No Translation either of the Statute or Articles has been printed in any Copy of the Statutes at large ; but in RastallÕs English Colleftion is contained an incorrefl and imperfett Translation of the Statute only. The Statute and the Articles were printed by Cay from MS. Colt. Claudius D. II. [fo. 2j8 b and 356 b, as separate Articles.] In MS. Harl. 395, fo. 65, b. the Statute and the Articles form ont Instrument, as in the Text, with the Title Ò Statuta edita apud Exoniam.Ó


Temp. Inert.

Slat. Excestre.

211

^ ^Jfcegtre.

TES or EXETER..

icil

linit

am at a ;ned the

UTt

imt that t or that luse lake riog are rith irer the the the ; to

r * llk'Saa' /a. ,1

( 1£0estlafourmeoriin, J

^ teil. coment les Enautrã ^k Sj

a ^RVEU w e 0rdine k"

*u vÔÇounte del liu y . ^^

^ Yaunde

IL T **lt-*C hej**

a SfÔITOrt'ÔÔdcaÇ*£

Ml?1Ó'"Õ"'*"'.!.

IÒnª*Ç- Elolqª,.^,* seals tuz les roulet Javauntdit CoroS a^' enselent si les rebate at CoroS kJk,sB quel hure ke les Justices aEjrewp,.,. countee, ou ke le Rey ordeine autremeot Ç. chose. E si le CoroS sdt mon, sat fa s B manere a son heir del tens son pet; issltltfa ne son heir ne lor Clers pussent forger line} countre la venue des Justices, ne autretnat,ha en les poini! de la Corone en jJjudkt le Rer.tiat du poeple e en arerisement de dreh anulj, can ces hures unt fet. E aps facent les mi sal querors tuz les avaut diz BaiŽs jurer b hit ment frunt ceo ke eus lur chargerunt ie parrels e le coseil le Rey celerunt, E pus hi J m: le serement, seit checun Baillif de Wape, flats: Pnchise chargee p sey kil eit devaunt Is raids querors, au jor en liu cenein ke don# kaf eus, les nuns de totes les riles demien^r* ke sunt en son Wap Hundred e PndBsean roule, e a meme le jor e meme le liu fet as avauntdis Enquerors: e apis chargeni ksEaper Jes avauntdia Baillifs au jor e en liu iwE ' dement e facent venir devaut eusde chenaer^ houmes, e de demye rile sys borne, t** q*tre des meillurs e plus leauzga*. W* nurages de viles, demie viles e hatneiei *** p queus les avaut nomez enqueste de duzze, de checun Wap Hadk chiseeVileke repot par iu*J F

avat dit seit; e checun des avautda

. jv/5. Cut: and FrW ^

as Two Instrument

.perprecedensSuru^^

fo .tf^theSun*

houmes eyt seal. E si definite seit en les avauntdite viles, demie viles, hamelez ke il ny eyent taunt de f*ncs houmes, seient ajoynss de meillors e des plus sages e leais bundes e ke checun eyt seal. E a donkes eli- sent les Enquerors hors des huit, sis; e de sis, q*tre; e de qtre, deus; les meillurs e Jes plus ieals a ceo kil entendet, si lur enchargent tel serement p le Rey.

CEO oyez vus A. e B. Enquerors assignez p nre Seign' le Rey, kejeo dirrai vta e rien ne concelerai ne ne soffrai estre celee ne ne murdrai devaunt v9 p' pmesse, doun, ne tremour, ne doute ne affinite, ne aliaunce, ne am', ne haine, ne p autÔ abet, ou jxrure- ment, ne pr autre ren ne lerrai ke jeo vW ne die ne p>sente a vus, de ceo ke vus me dirrez e chargerez en ceste enqueste de par le Rey; si me aide Deus e les Seins, a mon ascient de ceo fc [de ceo ke'] jeo ay en- quere, ou porrey en nule manere. Amen.

Ceo serement fra checune vile demie vile hamelet, p sey; e de meme cel serement si chargerunt les En.querors avaut nomez les duzae; ajPs ceo deliverunt e bailerunt les Enquerors a les houmes jurez de checune vile demye vile hamelet de checun Wap, Hundred, e Pnchise, dedenz la p'ceinte avaut nome e dehors si mesP seit, les chapitres desuz esc'tes; e les enjoyn- drunt de pt le Reys les Pncs sur peyne de deshe- riteson, e les boundes de ppetuel p'son, si rens concelent ou murdrunt pr nule chose ou pur nuly, ke ceo kil sevent e en nule maSe enqre e enquere porrunt, e a les avaut nomez Enqrors e la dozeine de lur Wap Hun.dred Pnchise desuz lur seals en la fourme ke les enquerors lur dirront bailerunt e psenterunt checune vile demye vile, hamelet, p sey. E deit estre lur psentement en la mar?e de Cyrog*phe e desuz lur seals ambedeus les parties o lur seals pendaunz en- seelez ; e le une partie liverut a les enquerors, e lautre partie retendrent vers eus, e les baudrunt sus a les duzze, q*nt il srunt jurez, quel hure ke les enquerors lor dirront; issi ke les duzze pussent estre meus Ptefie de lur psentement de meme le veirdit devafit les avaut diz enquerors k"nt il pndrent les enquestes de eus.

PRIMES fet a enquere de checune vile demie vile, e hamelet, e enjoindre eus de part le Rey e sur lur serement ke eus leument psenterunt saun ren celer totes les aventures e abjuratiuns, appeus, en la man!e [haut e bas Õ] (Õ) e felonies fetes p ky e qÔnt en tre, bois, mareys, ewes, dedenz viles ou dehors; e par tut de denz les marches de hundrez de checune vile demie vile, hamelet, en tut le tens ke le Corouner avaunt nomee ou par office de Corouner ke devereit entre- mettre. E si le Corouner en sa ppre psone y ala de fere son office, ou autre en son liu envea a fere ceo ke a ly apendereit de fere. E sil le fist, k*nte feze il le feseit, e a com ben des aventures. E ky celi fu ken son liu ala. E si le Coron! volunters saunz aver delay ou assoyne y vint a son pocr ou nun. Ou sil rens demaunda ou son Clerk ren p'st por ceo kil hasiast a fere le office, ou sil targerent p rens aver maliciousement, pus kil saveit del aventure aps ceo kil esteit maundee, quey e quel chose e com ben e p ky mayn, e k'nte feze eus le feseient. E si les chateus a feluns par lor amys ausi bien cuni par autre gent avaunt ces hures leument pies Coroutvs fussent psez, e en la vile bailie en garde, cum estre dussent, par bone enqueste ou nun p'sez e enroulez, en son rou e.

1 An erroneous Repetition.

¥ MS. Cott; MS. Hart-, and Printed Copies, omit.

J murdre. MS. Colt s MS. Hart; Printed Copies.

Men shall have a Seal. And if the aforesaid Towns, Half.towns, and Hamlets, be deficient, so that they hare not so many Freemen, there shall be added some from the best and most discreet and lawful Bondsmen, and each shall hare a Seal.

And then the Enquirers shall choose out of the eight, six; and out of the six, four j and out of the four, two; of the best and most lawful, at their Discretion * and shall then charge them on the King's Behalf with the following Oath.

Hear this you A. and B. Enquirers assigned by our Lord Oath of the King, that I will truth say, and nothing conceal, nor suffer to be concealed nor suppress before you, for Promise or Gift, for Terrour or Doubt, nor for Affinity or Alliance, nor for Love or Hatred, nor by others abetting or procuring; nor for any other Matter will I be let from saying or presenting to you the Truth of what you shall direft and give me in Charge upon this Inquest for the King: So help me God and the Saints, according to my Knowledge of that which I have for Inquiry, or may in any Manner obtain. Amen.

1 his Oath, every Town, Half-town, and Hamlet shall Charge and make severally j and the afore-named Enquirers shall charge the Twelve with the same Oath ; after this the Enquirers shall Inq'uesu ,n<1 deliver to the sworn Men of each Town, Half-town, and Hamlet, of each Wapentake, Hundred, and Franchise, within the Precinfl aforesaid, and without if need be, the Articles under written ; and shall enjoin them on the King's Behalf, the Freemen upon Pain of Disherison, and the Bondmen of perpetual Imprisonment, if they aught conceal or suppress for any Cause or for any Person, that what shall come to their Knowledge by any Manner or Means of Inquiry, they shall deliver and present to the Enquirers before named, and to the Dozen of their Wapentake, Hundred, and Franchise under their Seals, in the Form which the Enquirers shall direft them | each Town, Half-town, and Hamlet by itself. And their Presentment ought to be by way of Cyrograph, and both Parts sealed under their Seals, with their Seals pendant; and one Part they shall deliver to the Enquirers, and the other Part, they shall retain to themselves, and shall give them forth to the Twelve when they shall be sworn, at such Time as the Enquirers shall direft them} so that the Twelve may be the better certified of their Presentment of the same Verdifl before the aforesaid Enquirers, when they shall take their Inquest.

FIRST, Inquest is to be taken of every Town, Half-town, id Hamlet, and they are to be injoined on the KingÕs Behalf, id upon their Oath, that they do lawfully present without any oncealment, all the Accidents and Abjurations, Appeals of !en taken within the Mainour, Murders and Felonies done, by horn, and when, in Land, Wood, Marsh, Water, within owns or without; and every where within the Marches of undreds, of every Town, Half-town, and Hamlet for the hole Time of the Coroner aforesaid, or of him who by rtue of the Office of Coroner, ought to intermeddle. And hether the Coroner in his proper Person went thither to do his uty, or sent another in his Stead to do that which belonged him to do. And if he did so, how many Times, and for >w many Accidents. And who it was that went in his :ead. And if the CoroneT went thither willingly, without aking Delay or Excuse, by his best Endeavour or not. Or he demanded any Thing, or his Clerk took any Thing for 1S hasting to do his Office, or if he wilfully stayed back ,r the sake of Gain, after he had Knowledge of the .ccident upon being sent for ; how and what Thing, and 0w much, and by whose Hand, and how often they did so. ind if the Goods of Felons, a, well by their Friends as by then, have been heretofore duly appraised befcre the Coroner,

nd delivered to the Town to be kept as they ought t, be,

pon good Inquest, or not appraised, and entered in h,s Roll.

The Article# of the Inqneftt.

Attendance

of the Coroner.

Extortion by him.

3 l

VOL. I.


211

a

Suppressing of Appeals, Plaints, &c. by him.

Extortion against the Statute. Other Negle&s of Duty.

Embezzling Records of Plaints, &c.

Treasure-

trove.

Stat. Excestre.

And if the Coroner hath taken ought of any Man for making a false Inquest, by Procurement to suppress any ManÕs right} or to appraise the Goods at less than their Value, in prejudice of the Crown, and to the Loss of our Lord the King or any other; or if he caused the Matters entered in his Roll to be inrolled falsely, or otherwise than had been found by lawful Inquest and presented to him; how and what and how much and how often, and in what Matter he took it for such falsifying, and by whose hand, whether the Coroner or his Clerk. Or if he or his Clerk have taken any of the Goods to themselves, after they have been appraised, and caused them to be entered in his Rolls at a less Price than they were appraised at by the Inquest, in order to discharge him.self in part at the coming of the Justices, and falsely to charge the Town ; how and what Thing. Or if any Appeal of Rape, or the like Matter belonging to his Office, he caused to be falsely inrolled, or suffered to be suppressed by himself or another, or to be withdrawn from out of the Rolls after being inrolled ; or would not readily receive the Plaint of a Plaintiff by reason of Poverty, or for Hatred, in Prejudice of the King and the Crown, and to the damage of the Plaintiff, and the Hindrance of Justice; or if on such Plaint, for Pro.mise, Gift, Affinity, Fear, or Favour of the Adverse Party, he caused the same to be suppressed or withdrawn as aforesaid l or took any Thing for that Cause ; what, and how much, and by whose Hand. And if he took any Thing of the Towns where he made his Abjurations and Views; what, and how much, and by whose Hand, and in what Manner; or if he, or any on his Behalf took and carried away any of the Goods of any Dead Person upon whose Body he made the View, how and what and how often. And if he made or caused to be made all the Attachments belonging to his Office in due Manner, or not. Or if he caused any Man to be attached wrongfully for another, in anotherÕs Name, in order to op.press him and obtain something from him, and maliciously caused it to be entered in his Rolls to the Suppression of Right, and falsely to grieve any one; by whose Procurement and for what Matter. Or if he executed his Office at his own Costs, without taking anything of others, according to the Statute or not. Or if at any County Court he hath con.cealed or suppressed, or procured to be suppressed any Mat.ter, to the Grievance of the Appellor or Appellee, or any others to the Prejudice of the King or the Party, for Fear, Doubt, Affinity, Favour, Gift, or Promise, by any ManÕs Pro.curement. And if he hath, the Manner how, by whom and wherefore, and for what Bribe, for what Cause, and how often, and in what Case. And if all the Attachments belong.ing to his Office, he prosecuted and caused to be prosecuted faithfully and readily, as he ought to do for the King, and for the Plaintiff, or not. And if the Goods and Chattels of Persons flying from the Towns of their Abode, upon Suspicion of Robberies, Murders, and Receits of Felons, found within the Precind of his Bailiwick after their Flight, he caused to be attached, and the same to be faithfully entered in his Rolls upon lawful Inquest; and to be delivered to the Towns where they were found, to be kept until the Eyre of the Justices as he ought to do; and if to others, to whom, and by what Warrant, and for what Thing; Or if he hath taken away or suffered to be taken away, or embezzled or destroyed any Appeal or any other sort of Plaint unto him made; or by himself or by the Procurement of any others withdrawn from his Rolls by the Plaintiff or the other Party, for any ManÕs abetting or other Cause. And if he took any Thing for such falsifying and Suppression ; what and how much, for what Cause, and in what Manner, and how often. Or if any Treasure were found in the Time of the Coroner aforesaid, under Ground or above, in what Place and the Manner of it, and how much and what Treasure, and in whose Hands remaining, and by whose Delivery.

E si ie Coroner p'st riens de nuli p' prendre une fause enqueste peuree pÕ murdrer le dreit nuly ou pÕ p'ser les chateus meis kil ne valent en prejudice de la coroune e a pte noster Seignur le Rey ou a autre ou si autrement ou fausement enrouler feseit lej choses enroulez en son roule ou en aut' maSe ke ne fu dit par leale enqueste ke psente li fust; quei e quel chose com ben pÕ cele fausine, e k*nte feze e p' quel chose il le p'st, e par ky main, ou le CororJ ou son Clerc. Ou sil ou son Clerk p'st des chateus ver ly p9 kil furent p'sez e a mendre p's les fist enrouler en ses roules ke p'sea ne furent par lenqueste pÕ sey decharger en partie a la venue des Justices, e la vile fausement charger quei e quel chose. Ou si nul apel de rap ou de tel chose apendat a son office feseit fausement enrouler, ou soffri estre murdri par ly ou par autre, ou retret hors de ses roules pus qil fust enroulee, ou avaunt ne vodreit la plainte del plaintif por pov*te ou pÕ haunge de ly receyvre en pjudice du Rey e de la Coroune e a damage del pleintif e en arerisement du dreit; ou si cele pleinte pÕ pmesse doun affinite tremur amur del av*se partie feseit tel chose estre murdre ou retret ou avaut est dit; Ou si rens p'st par cele acheson, quey e com ben e p ky main. E si ren p'st de viles par ou il feseit ses abjuratiuns e ses veues ; quey e com ben e p ki main e quele maSe; ou sil ou nul des seons p'strent rens e enporterent des bens a morz a quel core il feseit la veue quey e quel chose e k*nte fez. E sil fist ou fere feseit tuz les attachemenz apendaunz a son office, en due mante, ou nun. Ou si nul feseit attacher, pÕ li grev* e del seon aver, a tort en autri nun por autre fausement, e malicousemet feseit en ses roules entrer en murdraunt dreitÕe e autri fausement grever par ki peuremt, e pr quel chose. Ou si il a ses custages demeine, saun ren p>ndre daut', solu lestatut feseit son office ou nun. Ou sil a nul cunte ren cela mur.dri ou peura estre murdri en grevace del appelur ou del appelee ou dautri en prejudice le Rey, ou a ptie por tremur, doute affinite, amur, doun, pmesse p peurement de nuly. E sil le feseit e la mante co.ntent p queus, e por quey, e por quel loer e pÕ quel acheson, e k"nte fez, e en quel cas. E si les attache.menz tuz a son office apendanz leument e reddemet porsuyst cum fere dust pr le Rey, E p' les pleidfs, e porsuyre feseit, ou nun. E si les chateus gent sus- tret hors de viles ou il maneient, por mauveise suspe- ciun de larcins murdres e recettemenz aps ceo qil sunt sustrez, lur chateus e lur bens ke furent trovez de denz la porceinte de sa baiHie, feseit attacher e leumt par lei enqueste en ses roules entrer; e a les viles, par la ou ses bens furent trovez e bailes en garde taunt cu al Eyre des Justices, cu fere le dust; E si il a autre a ki e p quel garaut e quel chose; ou si apel ou nul autre ma9e de pleinte a ly fet sustresist ou soffri estre sustret ou besile ou anend, p li ou p procurement dautre hors de ses roules retret par le pleintifs ou par lautre partie par nuly abet ou pÕ autre chose. E si pr tele fausine ren p'st en cel murdrisement quey, e cu ben pr lacheson e en quele maSe e k'nt de fez. Ou si nul Tresor fust trovee en le tens del Coroner avauntdit, desuz tere ou desus; en quel liu e la marie, e com ben, e quel tresor, e en ky mains est demorre, par qi bail.


It

ft

Ç.

in

in

at

>k

er

he

td

7

II.

S'

*,

be

or

n

a

of

ff, 0- he d I ad ni i*

dj

ut

11 bounce a M ^ * *0' a * n¡% Sri^?S

¡U si

^cn^ens* , fu dit par leak enouJT J

quej chose comkn\,£ '^SV

s^aiS:.:^

enws routes ke KT *^

P lutTe> ou retret hors deÇÇrnii enroulee, ou avaunt ne vodrdt h^j P¡r po^te ou p'haunge de ly ^ du Rey e de la Coroune e a djL ' arensemem du drat; ou si dt doun affinite tremur amur dtl tel chose estre murdre ou retret Ou si rern p st par cele acheson,

P ky main. E si ren p'Ç de viles ] ibjuratiuns e ses vcues; quey e com equele marie; ou si! ou nul desi e enporterent des bens a mora a if veue quey e quel chose e hte fi fere feseit tuz les attachment apem en due maSe, ou nun, Ou si ini li gre9 e de) seon aver, a tort en at fausement, e malicousemet feseit en en murdraunt dreir'e e autri fausen pcuremt, e p' quel chose. Ou si demesne, saun ren $ndre dauf, st son office ou nun. Ou sil a nul ctu dri ou pcura estre murdri en pi ou del appeiee ou dautri en prejudi prie por tremur, doute affinite, ami p pcurement de nuly. E sO le fese ment p queus, epor quey, e por qu acheson, e k'nte fez, e en quel cas. menii tuz a son office apendant leu porsuvst cum fere dust p' le key, e porsuyre feseit, ou nun. £ si les < tret hors de viles ou il maneient, por dun de lardns murdres e rv*Mª sunt sustrez, lur chateus e de denz la porceinte de

I .I pn

i ae wruiÈ musuiw *

sustrez, lur chateus el ac denz la porceinte de ~ leuint par lei enqueste en viles, par la ou ** ^š5 prde taunt cu al Eyre des £ si il a autre a ki e p ou si apel ou nul autre i sustresist ou soffri estre st

|j ou p procurement 6

retret par le p'^ Ò I ahetoup' autre chose. m ce| murdrisement quey

-1* f;z:

fust troree en * 106 tereou desus; en quel quel tresor, e en ky main*'

E en ceste maffe deivent les enquerors aler de Wap, en Wap, Hundred F*nchise, viles, responauz par duzze si il seient en la porceinte ou bailli e aportenat al vautdit Coroner e bailler as jururs avaunt nomez des avauntdites viles demy viles e hamelez, tuz les chapitres avaunt nomez, esc'tes par eus celeement consiler e enquere des avaut nomez choses. E done lur seit jor le qÒrt jors a p's kil averut les chapitres receu, a rendre sus lur p'sentemenz a les avaunt nomez enquerors es luz Steins o lur seaus pendans a lur jPsentemt. E si mester seit kil eyent plus long jor, por eus meuz certefier, done e g*nte lor seit p les enquerors. E pus k*nt les enquerors averunt receu vers eus tuz les Psentemenz de viles demy viles, ha.melez, donk facent venir devaunt eus (') de checu Wap, Hundred Pnchise Vile ke respount par duzze; e solu les poinz des Chapitres avaunt nomez, E en tuz autre man!es coment ke les enquerors saverunt meuz ordiner, e porveer seient chargez. E sil avienge ke les enquerors trova fausine estupe ou concelee- ment par lur entendement en lur enquestes p'ses p les dozeines prengent a donke (Õ) les duzze, vint e q*tre a tuz jor* ke seient tuz plus leals de tut le counte, e p memes le serement avaut nomee, E par les chapitres en meme la maffe seient chargez. E sil avenge ke les duzze par vint e q*tre seient atteintz, seient atachez checun p sey par bone mainp;se de aver lor cors quel houre ke le Rey maundera. E si le Coroner ou son Clerk ou autre faus pcurur a pjudice de la coroune seit ateint seit attache p bone mainp'se avaunt nome. E k*nt les dozeines rendent sus lur veirdit a les avautdis enquerurs, rendent ensement a eus tuz les p'sentemenz ke livere lur furent par les I avautdites viles, demye viles, e hamelez. E k'nt les enquerurs averunt pÕs les enqstes en tele marie, si enselent les veirdiz des duzze, e des vint qÕtre, les queus il tenent plus veritables de suz lur seaus; si les enveient au Rey, par un de les enquerurs, si en fra le Rey memes dreiture e justicement fort e dur del Coroner e son Clerk, e de tuz les autres k seient ateinz, ke rens eyent fet murdre ou concele en preju.dice de la coroune ou procuree punt ke le Rey ou autre fust perdaunt. (J)

1 xij. MS. Celt.

¥ sur MS. Celt: MS. Hart: Printed Copies.

¥ Done a Excestre le [xxviij jour de Decembre,1 * * 4 ] Lan de Regne le Jtei Edward xiiij. MS. Harl.

4 xviii jour de Septembre, Printed Copies.ÑMS. Cott. has not

any Date.

And after this Manner ought the Enquirers to go from -pi,, Wapentake to Wapentake, Hundred, Franchise, and Towns Articles shall answering by twelve, if there be such within the Precinti of Jj| ^}vcry or Bailiwick belonging to the aforesaid Coroner: and to Wapentake, deliver to the Jurors aforesaid of the aforesaid Towns, Hund .Ac. Half-towns, and Hamlets, all the afore-mentioned Articles of Enquiry in writing, for them to take Counsel secretly, and make Inquiry of the Matters aforesaid. And a Day shall be given them on the fourth Day after they shall have received the Articles, to give in their Presentment, to the aforesaid Enquirers, in certain Places with their Seals pendant to their Presentment. And if they need to have a longer Day for their better Information, it shall be given and granted them by the Enquirers. And as soon as the Enquirers shall have received all the Presentments of the Towns, Half-towns, and Hamlets, they shall then cause to come before them, the Twelve out of each Wapentake, Hundred, Franchise, and Town answering by Twelve; and according to the Points of the Articles before-mentioned, and in any other Manner as the Enquirers shall deem best to ordain and provide, shall they be charged. And if it happen that the Enquirers find Attaint any wilful falsifying, hindrance, or concealment made by the ^

Twelve in their Inquests, they shall then always take against Falsehood, the Twelve, Twenty-four, all of whom shall be of the most 8kC- lawful Men of the County ; and by the same Oath before- mentioned, and by the Articles in the same Manner, shall they be charged. And if it happen that the Twelve should be attainted by the Twenty-four, they shall be attached, each Man separately by good Mainprise to have their Bodies at whatsoever Time the King shall direct. And if the Coroner Attaint of or his Clerk, or other false procurer, in prejudice of the Crown c orJncr' be attainted, he shall be attached by good Mainprise as afore.said. And when the Twelve give in their Verdift to the Returns of aforesaid Enquirers, they shall likewise make return to them of all Presentments that have been delivered to them by the Enquirers, aforesaid Towns, Half towns, and Hamlets: And when the King*

Enquirers shall have taken the Inquests after this Manner, tec. they shall seal those VerdiCks of the Twelve, and Twenty-four, the which they shall hold the most true, under their Seals ; and send them unto the King by one of the Enquirers, and the King himself shall order right thereupon, and stri£l and secure Punishment against the Coroner and his Clerk, and all others who shall be attainted of having any Thing done, suppressed, or concealed, in prejudice of the Crown, or of having procured the same, whereby the King or any other hath suffered Loss.

Sheriffs shall answer for false Returns;

and their Clerks, also.

Amends to Party injured.

Punishment towards the King.

Sheriffs shall make

Satisfaftion in Default of their Clerks.

When this Provision shall take Effeft.

False

Answers by Clerks, to Summonses of the Exchequer.

$>tatut' gupÕ Mit $ elteos guog.*

STATUTE concerning the SHERIFF and his CLERKS.

'C'ORASMUCH as the Punishment of every Offence ought in justice to be inflifted upon the Person delinquent; and many Sheriffs in the Realm be wholly Lay Persons, having no Knowledge of the Returns of the Writs which hitherto are returnable into the KingÕs Court, and some, although they be lettered Persons, yet nevertheless putting so much Faith in the Afts of their Clerks, affeft not themselves in any way to intermeddle in the overlooking or examining of Writs direfted to them ; and always, in Times past, as well in the Exchequer as elsewhere, in the King's Courts it was the Usage, that for the undue Execution of Writs the Sheriffs to whom they were direfted, should be amerced, and not their Clerks who com.posed and made talse feigned and frivolous Answers to the same Writs ; whereby it is presumed and known to be true that those Clerks have assumed a greater boldness in offending: The Venerable Fathers, Brother William de Hotham Arch.bishop of Dublin, W. deLuda Bishop of Ely, R. de Gravesend Bishop of London, W. de Langton Bishop of CoveAtry and Litchfield, Treasurer of the King, and John de Langton Chancellor of England, John de Cobham and his Companions, Barons of the aforesaid Exchequer, and also the Justices of both Benches, and others of the KingÕs Council, being as.sembled at the same Exchequer at Westminster, on Friday, in the Feast of St. Valentine, in the Twenty-sixth Year of King Edward, consulting upon the applying of a Remedy in the aforesaid Case, lest for the future the Clerks of Sheriffs giving false Answers to the KingÕs Writs should perceive such their Malice to pass unpunished, as they have hitherto done, and lest Sheriffs also should not receive Punishment in that case for the Afts of their Clerks, and should permit them as before hath fre.quently happened ; They have agreed and provided, that before theTreasurer and Barons of the KingÕs Exchequer, and elsewhere in the Courts of the King himself before any of his Justices, as well the Clerks as the Sheriffs themselves shall answer for false Return, and be punished ; so that if a Deleft of Return be found in the Person of the Clerk, and not in the Person of the Sheriff, the Clerk shall make Satisfaftion to the Party injured of the Damage, which that Party can lawfully shew he hath sustained, in consequence of the Defeft of the Return afore.said, and nevertheless shall be punished as relates to the King, according to the Discretion of the Justices before whom he was convifted, Respeft being had to the Quantity of the Offence; And the Sheriffs then in that Case shall go quit; so nevertheless that their Clerks be sufficient to make Satisfac.tion as is said; to which if they be not, in their Default, Answer and Satisfaftion shall be made by the Sheriffs under whom those Clerks are bound to do such Duty.

And Be it Remembered that this Provision holdeth from thcDay of its being made, to be observed of the Sheriffs and their Clerks in London and Middlesex, and this because they are forewarned of the same. And as to the other Sheriffs of the Realm, and their Clerks, the said Provision shall hold Place on the Morrow of the Close of Easter next following, thenceforward, because then the said Sheriffs will be warned upon their Profer.

And afterwards on the Morrow of the Close of Easter in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of the King, the said Provision was set forth in the Exchequer to the several Sheriffs of England; and it was agreed then by the KingÕs Council, that the Clerks of Sheriffs giving false Answers to the Summonses of the Ex.chequer upon the Accounts of the Sheriffs shall be punished, if they be thereof convifted, in the Form whereby it is above provided that they shall be punished, for the false Execution of Writs.

Ex Lib. Horn, fo. 89.

OUIA transgressionis punicio cuj9cumq^ merito psone delinquenti debet infligi; ptresq Vic in Regno de toto laid existunt, nullam fientes cognicom de Retumis breviu que hucusq'm in Cur Regis retor- nantr & quidam qÔq*m lit?ati existant de ftis suop tii cticop tantam fiduciam gerentes, qd de fenbj eis direftis supvidendis & edam examinandis aliqualir se intromitPe non affeftant; ac semp retroactis temporibj tam in Sc'ccio q*m alibi in Cur Regis fSit usitatum qd quo brevibus executis indebite, Vi? quibj ilia direda fuerint, amerdati exti?int, et Ctid sui, qui responsiones falsas fiftas & frivolas ad eadem brevia composuerint & fecerint, nequaq*m; per quod psumit' & v*m esse dinosdtÕ ipos cticos majorem audaciam sumpsisse delinquend: VeSabiles pres fra? Wittras de [Hodum'] Archiepc Dublin, W. de Luda, Eliens Epc, R. de Gra- veshende London Epc, W. de Langeton Convent? & Lychefeld Epc?, Thes & Jotses de Langeton Cancett Angt, Joft de Cobeham & socii sui Barones Sc*cii p>dci, necnon Justic de utroque banco & alii ptres de consilio Reg convocati ad idem Sc*cm apud Westm die VeSis in festo sCi Valentini anno r Reg E. xxvjÕ, consulentes sup Remedio apponendo in cau predco, ne dece?o ctid Vicecomitum, falsas dantes responsiones ad brevia Regis, suas hu9i malidas senciant transire impu- nitas prout haftenus fe&int, nec Vic pro fiSs ipop Cticop in cau illo puniciones recipiant, & pmittant sicut prius frequenter fecerint; Concordarunt & providerunt, qd coram Thes & Baron de ScÕcio & alibi in Cur ipsius Reg, coram Justic? suis quibuscumqã respondeant de falso returno tam ctid qÔm vie? ipi & puniantur; Ita qd si defeftus Retumi in psona Ctid ViC convin- catur, & non in psona Vic, satisfaciat dicus ille pti lese de dampno qd pars ilia legitime ostendere possit sustinuisse ob defeft urn retumi p'difti, & nichilominus erga Regem puniat' jux* discrecionem Justic? coram quibj [Justic fuerint convifti *] habito respeftu ad quan- titatem delifti; & Vic tunc in cau illo sint quieti; dum th ctid sui sufficiant ad satisfadendum ut est ddn ; ad quod si Ron fuerint in defeftum eop respon.deant & satisfaciant Vicecomites sub quibus ctid illi huj9modi offido intendunt.

Et Memorand qd ista provisio a die confecdonis ejusdem tier observari de ViC & Cticis suis in London & Midd; & hoc qv p*muniti sunt de eadem &c. Et quoad ce?os Vic? Regni & Cticos suos locu tenebit provisio memorata a Crastino Clause Pascti proximo futuro in antea q, tunc ipi Vic sup profrum suu sunt pmuniendi. Postea in Crastino Clause Pascti anno r reg xxvjÕ. exposita fuit in Sc"ccio singulis Vice- comitibj Angt provisio supradca; et concordatu fuit tunc per consiliu Regis qd ctici ViC falsas dantes respon.siones ad sum Sc*cii sup compotos Vicecomitu puniantur si sup hoc convincant', in forma qua supius provisum est ipos puniri pro bribj falso executis.

' Hotham Printed Copiet. * fuerit conviftus Printed Cefiei.

¥ This was first printed in TottellÕs Antiqua Statuta 1556, intituled * Contra Vicecomitem & Clericos.Õ A Copyil entered in Lib. Cast. Lend. fo. 15a, agreeing with that in the Text. It is not inserted in any modem Edition of the Statutes.

Lid


J

he

WtOg 01100,*

sheriff

and

Ight

and

*ing

¥ are

¥ the

r *o aed

quer

for

9'

¥DU

Hls clerks

bUt. j

puaicio

KeSno de toto laid ^ 1 * *

r

š *"¥ È*¥ adida,

Ñ*

Ç.cgno de toto \aid existm, mUjb^^ 4e Returns breviu qut k tš ^

tout' k quidam q'q'm mi edsaui t

$)o&u0 HetoanDf fines.*

The Manner of levying of Fines.

rÇ

. - nnm raiB Òsajtktij

tn chco^ untam fidudam grata, $

direflds lupvidendisk edam oaikncj

introinitte non affeftam ¥, at xmpittracsjj

tam in ScÒcdo q*m alibi in Cui tip

qd quo brrnbus execute indtfc, Tisilc

fuerint -------

i___v.uws execute hd&te, Vi

fuerint, imeraari extSW, et CSd u, qsi**

faltas fiftas k frivolas ad eadem bren m. kfecerint, *

" 'J** Jcos šiÇm altš*,

delmquend: vAhilei pft, fo" wW

Archiepc Dublin, W. de Luda, Ellens R

mhende London Epc, W. de LamiC*,'

LycheffldEp^TheSMjotedela^

Angt, Joh de Cobeham k sod su tber P*dS, necnon Justi? de utroque bam fj{ de consilio Reg convocati adkanbc'a^l, die Ve8iÇ in fesro t& Valentini mnor]lq[r consulentes sup Remedio apponendo in dtjš, deceto ctici Vkecomitum,falsas dalles ispati brevia Regis, suas husi maliaassenoaisr.* nitas prout hadenus fedint, nec Vi piii Ctico^ in cau illo punidones recipiam, ii jccct prius frequenter fecerint; Concordanmt i pin qd coram Thes & Baron de Sc*do jl 4 i si ipsiut Reg, coram Juitic suis quiboscusaq, m de false retumo tam did qks fi ijw Ita qd si defeclus Returai in psota did Vi as catur, it non in psona TO, ntkfadat dak) |ese de darnpno qd pars ilia legnmostoEi sustinuisse ob defedum returai ptfi, bm

v ¥r.r* K^Tl'

uu? LJ'***'. ÑÑÑ .____

item delicti; A Vi? tunc in ciu lie ag m tri ctici sul sufEciant ad nnshdahn š > quod si Bon fuerint in dc/ediaas int Sc satisfaciant Vicecomita mb qdt a. smodi officio intendunt.

If Et Memonwd qd ista prom i Stem dem fief obseniri de VRi Clidmilt hfidd; St hoc q, pmunin m de ale t id cetos VI? Rcgni & Chs m in* isro memorata a Cnsrino Chase him no in antes q, tunc ip Vic sup pnh*Ô miendi. f Postea in Cnsm Cluster I xxrf. expodta fuit in Sdcdo V* ib\ Angt promo supradca; eaxadrJ-' onsiliu Reps qd did Vi! files bss * ad suni Sc'cii sup compotos hctcassp > hoc conrincanr', in form qua Jfš^* as puniri pro bnb) falsoaecutn

ihim PrintedCcpuj. ÔfatrilcoeridnhÕ'

Ex MS. Cott. Claud. D. If. fo. 234.

fimbj lerani /'~'\UANT le brief original soil lieu en psence des parties devant Justices, donqes dirra un Coun- tour issint, Sire Justice conge dacorder, le Justice lui dirra que durra Sire Rofct, & nomera un des parties; dounc qu*nt ils €rount [une gent Õ] de la some de la peccune qest done au R01, donqes dirra le Justice criez la pees; & puis dirra le Countour, issint qe la pees est ycele a voz congez, q William & Alice sa femme q cy sount reconnissent le Manoir de B. ove les ap- p'tenantz contenuz en le brief estre droit de [ Roi ÔJ come cel qil ad de lo' doun, a av1 & tenir a lui & ses heirs de William & Alice & a les heires Alice come en demeigne, rentes, Seign'ies, [Countes,JJ plees, purchaces, gardes, mariages, reliefs, eschetes, molo's, avoesouns deglises, & toutes auPs fraunchises & fraunkes custumes a lavantdit Manoir app'tenauntz, rendant p an a Robt & a ses heirs [a chiefs seign'ages * ] de fee €vices dues & custumez pr touz svices.

5Ó Et fait assavoir qe ordre de ley ne suffre mie q finale acorde soit leve en la Courte le Roi, saunz brief original, & ceo a tote le meins dev*nt quatre Justices en Baunk ou en Eire & nounpas aillours & en psence des pties nomez en le brief q sont de plein age & de bone memorie & hors du prisone.

Et si femme coPt de Baroun soit une des parties donq covient qele soit priniement confesse des quatre Jus.tices av*ntditz, & si ele [ne sentJ] la fine ne se lev*a mye.

Et la cause pr quoi tiele solempnite doit estre faite en cele fine (4) qe fine est si haute bare & de si g*unt force & de si puissaunt nature en soi qel forclos, nemye soulement ceux qi sount parties & prives a la fine & lour heirs, mes touz aurs gentz du monde que sount de plein age hors du prisone de bone memorie, & dedeinz les quats meers le jour de la fine leve sils ne mettrount lo' clayme de lour accion [sr la pie 73 dedeinz lan & le jour.

1 agree ÈCourts

' chiefes Scignurs > nÕassent 6 est pour ceo a pur le pays

1 /<

f Printed Copies.

j

R. Printed Copier.

Robt MS.Lansd. 480.

WHEN the Writ original is delivered in presence of the Parties before Justices, a Pleader shall say this, Sir Justice, [Conge de accorder and the Justice shall say to him, [what saith Sir R.*J and shall name one of the Parties; Then, when they be agreed of the Sum of Money that must be given to the King, then the Justice shall say, Cry the Peace ; and after, the Pleader shall say ; In so much as (Õ) Peace is licensed thus unto you, W. S. and A. his Wife, that here be, do acknow.ledge the Manor of B. with the Appurtenances contained in the Writ, to be the Right of [our Lord the King,4] which he hath of their Gift, to have and to hold to him and his Jieirs, of the said W. and A. and the Heirs of A. as in [Demeans,5] Rents, Seigniories, Courts, Pleas, Purchases, Wards, Marriages, Reliefs, Escheats, Mills, Advowsons of Churches, and all other Franchises and free Customs to the said Manor belonging, paying yearly to R. and his Heirs, as chief Lords of the Fee, the Ser.vices [and Customs due *] for all Services.

And it is to be noted, that the order of the Law will not suffer a final Accord to be levied in the KingÕs Court without a Writ original, and that must be at the least before Four Justices in the Bench, or in Eyre, and not otherwise, and in Presence of the Parties named in the Writ which must be of full Age, of good Memory, and out of Prison.

And if a Woman Covert be one of the Parties, then she must be first examined by Four of the said Justices ; and if she doth not assent thereunto, the Fine shall not be levied.

And the Cause wherefore such Solemnity ought to be done in a Fine, is, because a Fine is so high a Bar, of so great Force, and of so strong Nature in itself, that it concludeth not only such as be Parties and Privies thereto, and their Heirs, but all other People of the World, being of full Age, out of Prison, of good Memory, and within the Four Seas, the Day of the Fine levied ; if they make not their Claim of their Aftion within a Year and a Day [by the Country.7]

1 Ltave to agree ;

3tie

6 du: and accustomed

1 ¥what will Sir AÕ. give ?

4 R. 5 demean, and the

7 at the Foot of the Fine.

Ç. Article i. inter led in rh. Priced Copier, e. of 18 Bdvj. L The Cop, from MS. C, CUM. ft/Aª W Ç*¥

with which F/. t430 tgr.es, etcept in the mttenal I.tt.nc .pee.ted the Kete,.

The Order

of levying of a Fine.

The Form of a Fine.

Matter*

requisite lo make a Fine good

Fine* by Feme Covert.

The Force of a Fine.

VOL. I.

dtatuf St fintbj 1 attornattB.

STATUTE concerning Fines and Attornies.

Parties

levying Fine* shall appear personally s

Except in cases of Age or other Infirmity.

Admission of Attornies.

rr^HE King unto the Justices of his Bench, Greeting.

X Whereas of late We have ordained, that all such Vines as are to be levied in our Court, be lawfully levied, which We will in nowise to be infringed, (') or to be adnulled of their whole Power, We have sent unto you our Mind in writing firmly to be observed ; that is to wit, that as well the Parties Demandant or Plaintiff, as the Tenants or Defendants that will yield or acknowledge their Right [of Lands Ò] or Tenements unto other, in Pleas of Warrantia Chartae, Covenant, and other, whereupon Fines are to be levied afore you, before such Fines do pass, the Parties shall appear per.sonally, so that their Age, Idiocy, or any other Default, if any be, may be judged and discerned by you. Pro.vided notwithstanding, that if any Person be by Age or Impotence decrepid, or by [casualty J] so oppressed and withholden, that by no Mean he is able to come before you in our Court, then in such Case We will that Two or One of you, by Assent of the Residue of the Bench, shall go unto the Party so diseased, and shall receive his Cognizance upon that Plea and Form of Plea that he hath in our Court, whereupon the same Fine ought to be levied (*); and if there go but one he shall take with him an Abbot, a Prior, or a Knight, a Man of good Fame and Credit; and shall certify you thereof by [the !] Record, so that all Things incident to the same Fine being examined by him or them, the same Fines according to our former Ordinance may be lawfully levied.

And We will not that any of our Barons of the Exchequer, or (6) our Justices shall admit any At- tomies but only in Pleas that pass afore them (7) in the Benches and in Places where they be assigned by Us. And the same Power of admitting Attor.nies, we prohibit and deny to the Clerks and Servants of the said Barons and Justices; and do ordain that if any Attornies be admitted hereafter by any of the Persons aforesaid, their Admission shall be of none EffecI: Reserved alway to the Chancellor for the Time being his Authority in admitting Attornies, according to whose Discretion they shall be admitted j and to our Chief Justices as heretofore hath been observed in the Admission of Attornies.

We will also that this our Ordinance shall take Effeff and begin at the Utas of the Trinity next ensuing. [Given at our Parliament at Carlisle the Fifteenth Year of our Reign."]

' .weakened, * Not in Original.

1 any debility catmlly arising * in the tame Court

! hie * any ¡I 7 a,,d their Companion:

* Witness ourself at Carlisle the I jib Jay of January in the thirty. fifth year of our Reign

Ex Lib. Horn. fo. ill, b.*

REX Justk? suis de banco Saltm. Cum nuper ordinaverim9 qd fines in Civ nra levande rite levarentur, quas nolum9 in aliqua pte infringi infirmari seu de toto posse adnullari, volutatem nram subscrip, tarn vobis mittim9 firmi? observandam; videlicet, qd tarn ptes querentes vel petentes q*m tenentes & defen- dentes, qui jus vel ten sua aliis cognoscere vel reddere debeant in piitis Warande carte, covencionis & aliis de quib} sunt levande coram vobis, anteq*ni fines ille leventur psonali? veniant, ut eap parciu etas, fa- tuitas seu alii quicumq, defeSus si qui fuerint per vos judicari poterunt & discern!. [Provisio1] tamen qd si quis senio aut senectute decrepitus, seu debilitate casualir supveniente, sic fSit detentus et oppressus qd coram vobis ad Cur nram aliquali? non possit acce- dere ; tunc in tali cau volum9 qd duo vel unus vrm de assensu vro de Banco talem sic oppssum adeant vel adeat & sua recogii sup ptito & forma pliti qd habet in Cur nra de quo finis in eadem Cur debet levari, assumpto secu si un9 adeat uno Abbate Priore vel Milite, viro fide digno & bone fame, redpiant vel rescipiat, & inde vos per recordu suu reddant vel red. dat cerciores, ut p ipos vt ipm otnniby qui ad finem levandum pertinent plene examinetis, et fines illi ut [pdi&u!] est rite leventur.

Nolum9 eciam qd aliquis Baronu Sc*cii nri seu Justic aliquis capiant Attornatos nisi tantu in pladtis [& placeis'] que coram ipis & sociis suis in bands & locis ubi per nos assignant' emerserint. Et eandem de attomatis recipiend potestatem cticis & Ministris predcfo^ Justic! et Baronu denegamus: Ordinantes qd si aliqui attornati (') alio modo admittantur pro non admissis habeant' et tene- antur. Potestate tamen Cancellarii nri qui pro tem.pore fuerit cui jux* discredonem suam expedire viderit [comittend,5] et eciam capital Justic nri ut hadenus in attomat recipiend, semper observata.

Volum9 eciam qd hec nra Ordinacio in O&afc See Trinitat pximo future incipiat observari. [T. me ipo apud Karliolum xv. die Januar anno regni nri xxxv.1]

1 pviso MS. Colt.

3 preordinatum Printed Copies.

J MS. Colt, and some Printed Copies omit.

* p aliquem pdcoj MS. Cott: Printed Copies.

5 admittenda MS. Cott: Printed Copies.

"T. me ipo apd Kart anno t. n. xxv. in 0£Ub Sci Hitt. Lib. Horn. fo. 151.

T. me ipo apud Karliolu viij¡ die Aprilis anno regni nn 6 I vicesimo quinto. MS. Cott.

J T. me ipo apd Carliotm in octabis Sci Hillarii anno regni nri xxxv¡. MS. Bodl. 4137.

Datum apud Karliot in Parliamento nostro anno regni nostri xv. Old Printrd Copies.

¥ A more modem and less coned Copy of this Statute is entered in fo. 251 of the same Volume, and there intituled * Statutii Karliolens.Õ In Lib. Cust. Lond fo. 164, is a Copy agreeing exa&ly with that printed in the Text. In MS. Bodl. 4137, is1 Copy entituled * Carleolum Primum.Õ In the Printed Copies this has been admitted as a Statute of 15 Edvi. II. and entituled Ç De Finibus & Attorn, Statutum de Carliol.Õ The Various Readings marked MS. Colt, are from the Cotton Manuscript Claudius D. II. from whence [fo. 234b.] the Text was printed in CayÕs Edition.


tntta | attomatis.

1NG ŽlNE8 AND AtTOMES.

"?¥

ich

Jly

lor

ent

or

eld

nts

at,

ou,

Çr-

jit,

'to-

or

ind

ore

wo

ch,

ive

hat

jht

ike

of

cof

the

me

be

he

fit-

in

ied

ar.

ms

ut

:he

me

me

"g

iur

the

ed

Õg-

v-

£* Lib.

REX Justic suis dc banco

, ordinaverim9

HU*

S

Ñ

- *. urairavenm5' qd fines ia Ctj th b* levaretvtur, quis nolum9 in aliqua jtt seu de toto posse idnullin, voteotm tam tobis mittim9 firm1*5 *'.

----Ñui; tifij.

tam pies quertntes vel petentts qÒo teneea^ dentes, qui jus vel ten sua alas copmcnb* debeant in pfitis Wannne carte, rnnaaij de quib) sunt levande coram itfc, ille leventur psonalrt veniant, at i

nuQ* Ç¥ alii quicumq defcdm 7 Jodlcan Potcrunr 4 &emi Zt' qd Ò rssenioaut Çbw**b*b£ casual* supveniente, acf&d^J'

conm vobis ad Cur nfam aifrf*!!

; tunc in tali cau volum5 qd due rei šr de assensu rib de Banco talon * vel ideal & iua recogn ap phUinst, habet in Cur nra de quo finis in eaden Ci e levari, assumpto secu si uns adeat ano iMa.Çr vel MJIite, riro fide dip dc hone fist, rm resapiat, & inde vo6 per records suu redds es dat cerciores, ut p ipot vf ipm on* levandum pertinent plene examinetis, el fias i; [p*diftu'] est rite leventur.

Nolum9 eciam qd aliquis fiaronu Sc*d tries aliquis capiant Attomatos nisi tantuin pfidfi^ que coram ipis it sociis suis in bands & lots drt assignant' emerserint. Et eandem de ittonafi tqe potestatem ch'ds k Ministris predco^ jtsitb denegamus: Ordinantes qd si aliqui iM i modo admittantur pro non admissis Wabts antur. Potestate tamen Cancellani nn qaipas pore fuerit cui jux* discredonan (iwapfeš [comittend,1] et eciam capital Jtadf milš in attomat recipiend, semper obsemta.

Volum9 eciam qd hec nra Ordisaa Trinitat pximo future incipiat obsemn [TÇ apud Karlioluin xv. die Januaf anno iÇjMš'

1 priso Mb'. Cott.

. prrordinatum Prmtd Ctpies.

* MS. Cott. and some Printd Copts mL

* p aliquem pdeo^ MS. Cat ; PnAti Coat.

s admitteuda MS. Cell: Prdd Csfdi. . fT. me ipo apd Kart anno r.n.ur.

La. Hstm. f>. iji-

T. me ipo apud KarBoIu nqÓ d* i ticesimo quinto. MS CM.

T. me ipo apd Carliolm u regni on inv¡. >/S. Bd Cir Datum apud Karliot in hrliaae* Kš1 *

nostri

, v. OU Pnntd Copts

^urocVolu7nv^

xd in the Text- ^

Çd fcG**

d MS Cm. art fÇš *

Bre

$tatutum De Consptratoribus.

STATUTE concerning CONSPIRATORS.*

Ex. MS. Harl. 748. fo. 113. b.

CUM 9tenu seit en nre estatut ke nul de nre Curt enprenge play a champart, ne par art ne par engin, [Cunteurs ne attumez ne aprentifs, seneschaus des hautz homes baillifs ne autres de la tre nen- prengent a champart ne par autres barettours de '] tute manere de play, [ou Õ] tute manere de gent, parunt tote la Pre est greve, riches & poures sunt travaillez en mutz de maneres : f Purveu est par 9mun acord

ke tuz ceus ke desoremes sunt alteintz de celes enprises [suters e Bargayngnurs,1] e ceus ke a cele chose assentent eyent la prison de trois annz, e ne purkaunt seient reintz a la volunte le Rey. [f Done a Berewyk sur Twede lan du regne le Rey Edward, fiz le Rey Henr, vinrime.4]

f Dns Rex mandavit nunciante Gilbto de Roubires ctico de psilio dni Reg, qd quicumq, volSit se 9qri de 9spiratorib} fta^ qrelap sustentatoribc, inventoribj, & manutenentib3 querela^ fta^, ut inde ptem heant & 9troversiaj> bargainatoribj [q, Gilbts de Thornton p bre fa £ eos attachiari q, sint cord dfio Rege 9querentibj respondere p hoc bre.5] Rex Vie sattm ; Precipimus tÔ qd si A. de B. fec?it te secur de clam suo ps, tunc pone p vad & salvos pleg G. de C. q, sit coram nobis a die See Tnitatis in xv. dies, ubicumq tuc fSim9 in Angt, ad respondend pfato A. de ptito 9spiracionis & transgressionis sedm ordinacoem nram nup inde pvisam, sicut idem A. rafonabilif monstrare potit qd ei inde respondere debeat. Et fteas ibi noia plegio^ & hoc bre. T. G. de Thornton, See. (6)

1 &c Countours, Attornees, Apprentis, Sencschalx, Bailliffs a hautes homes, & autres de la Pre ja empnent a champart, & p autres bars MS. Cote.

Ô encountre ATS. Cott. 3 scutes & bargaines MS. Cott.

* MS. Cott omits.

3 veniant hujusmodi gravati & conquerentes capitalibus justiciariis domini Regis et habeant breve de eis sub sigillis eorum ad attachiand hujusmodi transgressores ad respondend ipsis Iesis conquerentibus coram prefatis justic ; et fiat eis tale breve. Tottell.

6 Et si quis super hujusmodi ad sectam conquerentium fjftam conviftus fuerit, habeat prisonam quousque Iesis satis- fecerit et versus dominum Regem graviter redimatur. Tottell.

THERE it is contained in our Statute that none of

v T our Court shall take any Plea to Champerty by Craft nor by Engine; and [that no1 ] Pleaders, Appren.tices, Attomies, Stewards of Great Men, Bailiffs, [nor any *] other of the Realm, [shall take for Maintenance or the like Bargain, any manner of Suit 01 Plea against other,1] whereby all the Realm is much grieved, and both Rich and Poor troubled in divers manners; It is Provided by a common Accord, That all such as from henceforth shall be attainted of such Emprises, Suits, or Bargains, and such as consent thereunto, shall have Imprisonment of Three Years, and shall make Fine at the KingÕs Pleasure. Given at Berwick upon Tweed the Twentieth Year of the Reign of King Edward (4).

Our Lord the King, at the Information of Gilbert Rowbery Clerk of his Council, hath commanded, That whosoever will complain himself of Conspirators, (') Inventors and Maintainors of false Quarrels, [and Par.takers thereof,6] and Brokers of Debates, that [Gil.bert Thornton shall cause them to be attached by his Writ, that they be before our Sovereign Lord the King, to answer unto the Plaintiffs by this Writ following :7]

The King to the Sheriff Greeting, We command thee, That if A. of B. give thee Surety for prosecuting his Claim, then put by Gages and safe Pledges G of C that he be before us from the Day of the Holy Trinity in Fifteen Days, wherever We shall then be in England, to answer to the aforesaid A. of a Pica of Conspiracy and Trespass according to our Ordi.nance lately thereof provided, as the said A. can reasonably show that he ought to answer to him thereof. And have there the Names of the Pledges and this Writ. Witness G. de Thornton.

And if any Man shall be convicted at the Suit of any Complainant of any such Offence, let him be impri.soned until he hath satisfied the Party grieved, and towards the King let him be grievously redeemed.

1 now 1 and

3 do take Pleas to Champertie, and by other Crafts all manner of Pleas against all manner of Men,

4 Son of King Henry 3 Siutainert of falee Smh,

6 that they may thereout have a share,

7 Persons so grieved and complaining, shall conu to the Chief Jsseticet of our Lord the King, and shall have a IVrit of them, under their Seale to attach such Offenders to answer to the Parties grieved, to complaining before the aforesaid Justices ; and the Writ following shall he made for them.

¥ In all the English Editions, as also in all Printed Copies where both Text and Translation are inserted, this has been printed as one Statute of 33 Edw. I. under the Title of 4 The Statute of ChampertyÕ. In the oldest Printed Copies by Pynson and Berthelet, the first Part is given at a separate Instrument, intituled, 4 Statutum de Champertie Õ and dated at Berwick, 11 Edw. 1. In those old Printed Copies is also inserted, an Instrument, intituled, * Statutum de ConspiratoribusÕ as of

33 Edw. I. in which the Statute of Champerty is again erroneously printed with some verbal Variations, with the Date

20 Edw. I. and the Provision and Writ against Conspirators is subjoined. In TottellÕs Printed Copy, 1536, the Ô Statutum

de Champertie Õ and 4 Statutum de Conspiratoribus Õ are given as separate Articles i the former with the Date 11 Edward I.

and the latter without a Date. In CayÕs Edition, a Copy of the first Part is given from MS. Colt. Claud. D. II. [fo. 163. where it is inserted, without any Title, immediately after the Statute of Gloucester, which is marked ÒexÕ p rotulu.Ó} In a Manuscript marked M. m. v. ly. in Cambridge University Library is a Copy of this first Pan, immediately after the Statute of Gloucester, which in that Manuscript is also marked as examined by the Roll: This Copy agrees with that in MS. Cott. 1 except that at the Head thereof is written 4 lste artictus in quadam billa scriptus consutus est statuto consign,ito in Banco;3 and in the Margin Ô Explanacocs Glouc: quere xxxiij.Õ


Prote&ion* may be challenged.

Proceeding* and Judgment thereon.

In what Case* an Essoin doth not lie.

Srtatutu De |&rotecctomb5 no allotÕ**

STATUTE against allowing Protections.

EDWARD by the Grace of God, &c. To all his true and faithful Subje&s, Greeting. Forasmuch as many do purchase the Protection of our Lord the King, affirming that they were out of the Realm in the KingÕs Service; (') It is Provided, That if their Adver- saty will challenge the Protection, and immediately when it is shewed in the Court, will aver (Õ) that they were within the Four Seas, and out of the KingÕs Service in a Place certain, so that they might have well come, their Challenge shall be entered (J), and the Matter shall remain without Day, according to the Nature of the Protection. And when [it shall be resummoned 4] and he cometh into the Court, he shall demand Judgement, and hearing of the Process, and offer to aver his Chal.lenge if his Adversary will attend : And if the Country do pass against him that cast the Protection, it shall [return to5] a Default, if he be Tenant; and if he be Demandant, he shall leese his Writ, and shall be amerced unto the King. Given at Westminster, the xviij Day of November, the xxxiij Year of King Ed.ward, Son of King Henry.

1 or within the Four Stas, falsely, in the King's Service ;

1 in manner as the Court shall award, 1 on the Roll

4 the Party sueih a Re-summons * turn as

Ex Lib. Hern Lend. fo. 107. OT3URCEO qe moutz de gentz purchacent la

A proteccioun le Roy en affermaunz qil furent hors de ?re en le servitz le Roi [ou dedens les quatre mers, faucement en le serviz le RoyÕ] Purveu est q si lour adversarie voille chalanger la proteccioun mein- tenaunt quant il est mys avaunt en la Court e avener [p q*nt q la Court agardera!] qil furent dedenz les quatre mers e hors du servitz le Roy en certeyn leu, issint qil poeit bien aver venuz, seit lour chalenge entre en roule e seit la [proteccion4] saunz jour sulom [sa nature.5} E quant [il siwe resomouns6] eilvienten Court il demaundera Jugement e [dirra le Õ] proces e tendra de averrer (') [sil9] le voille attendre, e si le pais die encountre luy q porta la proteccioun il serra toume en une defaute sil seit tenaunt; E sil seit de- maundaunt il pdra sun bref e serra en la greve mercy le Roy. (,0)

1 Edward p la grace de Dieu 8cc. a tout* ses foialz & loyalz salutz. Printed Copiei.

* Printed Copies and MS. Cott. omit; the latter insert* the Word Ô faucement.'

* Printed Copiei omit.

4 parole mis Printed Copies.

s la nature de la protection Printed Copiei.

6 il sera Printed Copies.Ñla ptie 2ra somons MS. Cott.

1 oyer de Printed Copies. * son challange Printed Copies.

0 si son adversaire Printed Copier.

Done a Westm le xviij jour de Novembre lan du regne le Roi E. fitz le Roi H.33. Printed Copies.

Dat apud Westni xviij0 die Not? anno regni Regis fc'.dwardi tricesimo quarto MS. Cott.

The Manner of challenging Essoins.

HERE is declared how many ways Essoins may be challenged, and in what Cases Essoins do lie, and in what not; that is to say, an Essoin lieth not where the Land is taken into the KingÕs Hands. Essoin lieth not where the Party is distrained by his Land (Ô). Essoin lieth not where any Judgement is given thereupon ; if the Jurors do come. Essoin lieth not where the Party was seen in the Court. Essoin of Ultra mare lieth not where another time the Party hath been essoined De malo veniendi. It lieth not where the Party hath essoined himself another Day It lieth not where the Sheriff was commanded to make the Party to appear. Essoin De servitio Regis lieth not where the Party is a Woman; unless because she be Nurse, a Midwife, or commanded by Writ Ad ventrem inspiciendum. It lieth not in a Writ of Dower, because it seemeth to be but a Deceit and a delay of Right [. It lieth not for that the Plaintiff hath not foundÕ] Pledges to prosecute the Suit. It lieth not where the Attorney was essoined. It lieth not where the Party hath an Attorney in his Suit. It lieth not where the Essoiner confessetn that he is not in our Lord the KingÕs Service. It lieth not where the Summons is not returned, or the Party not attached, for

1 and goods *; for such Plaintiff doth not find

Modus calumpniandi EssonÕ.J

Ex. MS. Hart. 39j. fo. 90.

HIC demonstratÕ quot mod esson sunt calumpnianda & in quibus' casibus esson jacent & in quibus non. Non jacet quia terra capta est in manu

dni Yft Non jacet qn aliquis distriftus est p ter? &

cat sua. Non jacet quia cocessum est hinc inde judm si jur veniat. Non jacet quia visus fuit in cur. Non jacet de ult* mare quia alias, s. tali die se esson de malo veniendi. Non jacet quia alias se esson, s. tti die. Non jacet quia pceptu fuit vif qd fae eum venire. Non jacet de €vico diii quia femina: (') Non jacet in bn de dote, quia videt' ee decepcb & plongaco jur, (*) quia tat querens no invenit pleg de pros. Non jacet quia tat attorn suus fuit esson. Non jacet q'a tit attorn in loquela.

Non jacet quia esson testat' qd non est in svico dni Jk. Non jacet quia nulla sum testatÕ vt

[nisi quia aut nutrix obstetrix aut mittat' p bre ad vent?

| inspiciendum MS. Cott.

, J exceptis tribj casibj, videlicet ubi aliqua mulierest nutrix j pueri dni Regis, vel si f3it ultra Reginam in parturi- | endo, vel si missa fucrit per preceptum dni Regis ad (. ventrem alicuj5 mulleris inspiciend. Lit. Horn.

1 Non jacet Printed Copies.

¥ This is inserted in the Printed Copies as a Statute of 33 Ediv. I. A Copy in Lib. Cult. Lond.fo. 161 b. agrees with that in the Text. The Text in Cay was printed from MS. Cott. Claudius D. II., the Various Readings of which are given in the Notes.

j- This is inserted in the Printed Copies as a Statute of 12 Ed. II. An incorredt Copy was printed by Cay from MS.Cott.Claud. D- II-l/o. 236 b.] In Lit. Horn. Lond. fo. 156 i. is an Entry of this Instrument, in which the Clauses are arranged very differently from other Copies.


Temp. Incert.

Modus Calump. Esson.

218

no .

" PÈOTtCT,0|l

51

Ae l Proteccioun fe pnv ^ |e , horÇ de tW m i ^ š *

*; Çn.JL*k"*kw-

ien ere in ne, ter ihe nd nt, al- try all be be he

'A.

-Joursdv^roait^Rrn

issim qil poeit hiª *Ó** ** h Court il f)pm . {

' P"*edCofiamit.

* parole mis Prfati Cfã

| kwh* del*.meidhitiUk

ytr Ae Printed Ltpits. ¥soodulbiÈ

Ò ¥on xi'enairt Print,iCfa.

/¥Oonc sWcstiUsviijpH.NoTO!, " < n 5 RoÔ f . hl ¥Ç RoÈ H.33. PnaJC I 1PU<I VÇtm itiij4 die Not Ç V tdwardi triccsimo quarto MS. fa

attachm, eo qd vi? mandavit qd non est inventus, f Non jacet quia alias se esson de 'svico dni R. tti die & modo non misit Warrm. f Non jacet quia no nominat' in bri. ^ Non jacet quia [no '] mand fuit tti [epo Õ] qd fa? venire cticum suum. ^ Non jacet quia resuni fuit in ultima psentacone & ass* mortis ante?. (J) f Non jacet quia nondum dies. Non jacet quia dies pPiit. Et sciend q esson de ÕSviCo dni ji jacet post Pram captam in manu dni Jfc scitt post magnum cape & post pvum cape, & post distr [post *] ten & cat.

1 This Word is dotted underneath, signifying that it is to be omitted : Lib. Horn, omits.

Ç This Word is inserted above the Word Ô die * first written

by mistake.

{Non jacet quia preceptum fuit Vic qd faceret eum venire. Lib. Horn.

Non jacet quia flceptum est vie qd distringat eum venire per terras Stcatalla. Printed Copus.

Ç j> MS. Cot,: Printed Copies.

Statuium de visu ?re ;

& esson de servicio dni Regis.*

Ex MS. Lansd. 480. fo. 21 1.

T T1SUS non concedit' in bri de custodia: In bri de V consuetudiniby et 3viciis; in bn de advocacbe ecctie, nisi in casu quando sunt plures ecctie in una villa de eodem sco; In bri de dote assignata; In bri de nup obiit. Esson de svicio dni Regis non jacet in bri nove dissele; In bri dote unde nihil bet; in bri ultiine psentaebis, & appello de morte hois.

that the Sheriff hath returned non est inventus. It lieth not where the Party another time was essoined de ser- vitio Regis, that is to wit, such a Day and now he hath not put in his Warrant. It lieth not where he was re.summoned in Assise of Mortdauncestor, or Darrien Pre.sentment. It lieth not because [such a one was not' 1 named in the Writ. It lieth not where the Sheriff hath a Precept to distrain the Party to come by his Lands and Goods. It lieth not where the Bishop was commanded to cause [the Party *] to appear. It lieth not for that [the term '] is passed. And it is to be noted, that an Essoin de servitio domini Regis is allowed (*) after the Grand Cape, PetyCape, and after Distresses taken upon the Lands and Goods.

' he is not 1 bis CM

1 the Day is not yet come ; nor for that the Day

* after the Land taken into the King's Hands ; that is to say

Statute for View of Land ;*

And Essoin in the KingÕs Service.

T 71EW shall not be granted in a Writ of Ward ; in V a Writ of Customs and Services ; in a Writ of Advowson of a Church, but in case where there be more Churches than one in a Town, and all of one Saint; in a Writ of Dowry to be assigned; and in a Writ of Nuper obiit.

Essoin of the Service of the King doth not lie in a Writ of Novel Disseisin; in a Writ of Dower unde nihil habet; in a Writ of Danein Presentment, nor in Appeal for the Death of a Man.

* This was first printed in BertheletÕs Secunda Part Veterans Statistorum, 1532, from whence it was inserted by Cay.

The Translation is from RastallÕs English Collection.

Modus calumpniandi Esson1: Et. MS. Had 393, ji 5?,

HIC demonstratÕ quot mod esson sunt afep & in quibus'casibus esson jacoi i;n non. f Non jacet quia terra caputs is diii ^ f Non jacet qniliquiidistrietasjr: cat sua. f Non jacet quia cocessom at ki judm si jur venfit. f Non jacet quia fin !i cur. f Non jacet de ult* mare qaafiM1 die se esson de malo veniendi. f Non jafflfÇ< se essoii, s. tti die. Non jacet quia pcfii' qd fa? eum venire, f Non jacet de ni# S Si femina:(') f Non jacet in bn dedete,qer- Ç deceptb *t plongaco juf, f) qm invenit pleg de pros, f Non jacet q*1- suus fuit esson. f Non jacet q'a tit f Non jacet quia esson testaf qd dob s: dni {1. J Non jacet quia nulla m * f nisi quia aut nutrix obstetric aut nrittarip * inspiciendum MS. Cstt. . t

Jexceptismbacaribj.videl.rtuu^

'< pueri dni Regis.Ç'Ç

endo, vel si mtssa taperp1*?0* ^

(_ ventrem alicuj5 muteis mspicien.

¥ Non jacet Printed

Edv. I. A Copy m W- 0* ^

,ns D. //, .be Varous Readings ****£& II AnincorreaCopy^P^11^

of thi> Instrument, m

which tbeCUKH*1^

S>tatutu De magnte ZesteÕ $ Duelltg.

STATUTE concerning the Great Assises and Battle.

Ex MS. Cott. Vesp. B. VII. fo. 8i.f

BATAILLE ne g*nd assise se joynent pentre pa- rentz jesqs il seit passee le tierce degree, lou ils cleyment p mesme la descent; mes bataille se joint entre freres lou lun est feffe & lautre cleyme p dis.cent de taitage. Bataille se joint, & g*nd assise nent, lou un home est feffe & vouche a garant p ch*re qil ad de son feffour, le vouche poet dedire la chartre p le cors un son franc home, & la ne gist point g*nd assise (1). Grant assise se joint & bataille nent, lou home vend t re a autre [& celluy vend avant celle 9re, & il nad pluis de tVe, p quoi il rend sa chartre dont il fuist feffe ; vient le heir le p'ni feffour & luy emplede p br de droit, il ne p'ra sa seisine defende p le cors un son franc home; mes il se purra mettre en dieu & en la g*nd assise. Bataille & gand asTe se joint nent lou le demandant cleime tenir en franc ma.nage, franc burgage (J) & en Gavelkynde (*) & en auts maiiez, sicome il demand fors q petit chose sicome acre toft ou [estank,4] donq^ p agard dez Jus- ti? si poet il consentier en un Jurre de xij franks homes, en lieu de g*nd assise pur espaver [le bataille6] de xij chivalers [pur ceo qil dirront & front lour dement encountre Site sanz dire7] a lour aescient.

1 mes bataille 1 per chartre & celt purchacer

> ou en franke socage 4 come en Kent

s croft 6 le travaile et le serement

Õ ct ils ferront le ?emet sanz delay dont ils dirront voier

RATTLE nor the Grand Assise may not be joined between Relations, until after the Third Degree, where they claim by the same Descent: But Battle may be joined between Brothers where one is a Feoffee, and the other claims by Descent of Inheritance. Battle is joined, and the Grand Assise not, where one is enfeoffed and vouches to Warranty under the Charter which he hath of his Feoffor, the Vouchee may deny the Charter by the Body of one his Freemen } and there the Grand Assise lieth not, but Battle. The Grand Assise is joined and Battle not, where a Man selleth Land to another by Charter, and such Purchaser selleth over the Land, and hath no more Land, whereby he gives up the Charter by which he was first enfeoffed; then cometh the Heir of riic first Feoffor and empleadeth him by Writ of Right, he cannot defend his Seisin by the Body of one of his Freemen ; but he must put himself on God and the Grand Assise. Neither Battle nor Grand Assise may be joined where the Demandant claims to hold in free Marriage, free Burgage, or in free Socage, and in Gavclkynd, as in Kent; and in other Cases, as if he demand only a small Thing as an Acre, Toft, or Croft ; then by Award of the Justices he may consent to a Jury of Twelve Free Men in place of the Grand Assise, to spare the Trouble and Oath of Twelve Knights; and they shall make the Oath without Delay, to say the Truth thereof to their Knowledge.

t The Copy from this Manuscript was printed in CayÕs Edition. The Statute was first printed in TottellÕs Magna Carta, &c. 1576. The Various Readings are from that printed Copy ; wherewith agrees a Copy in MS. Lansd. 480.fo. an.

3 L

E*soin de ¥ervitio Regis.

When View shall br granted or not.

Essoin de servitio Regis.

In what Cases Battle, or the Grand Assise shall be joined.

VOL. I.

Foreign Coin forbidden.

Importation of Money.

Money shall be examined at the Porta.

No Money shall be rent

concealed in Clotha, &c.

Foreign and clipped Money shall be broken.

Money shall pass by Weight.

3>tatuta ue flj&oneta

pÕtotsa apÕD i&arnarPan in festo sÕct fl^iep ig anno ;rtjÇv

STATUTES concerning MONEY,

Made at Caernarvon, on the Feast of St. Michael, in the Twelfth Year.

AGAINST the Perils and Damages which are of late come, and which hereafter may come of the Money of England, It is thus ordained ; that it be cried and defended on the KingÕs Behalf thorough the whole Realm, in all the Merchant Towns, that no Man upon grievous Forfeiture be so hardy to dispend, receive, or send Money of other Coin than of the Coin of the King of England, Ireland, and Scotland.

Also that it be defended of the KingÕs Behalf, that none bring Money into this Country, but only for his Expences; neither that he be so hardy to arrive into England, if the Force of Tempest do not enforce him, by good witness, but at Dover, or at Sandwich, at London, and at St. Botolph, and at Southampton, and to other common Ports.

And when he shall come to any of these Places, he shall well and lawfully shew his Money to him that shall be assigned by the King, without any Concealment, upon Pain of Forfeiture of his Body, and that which he hath ; and that from thence he carry not nor eloin the same by himself nor by other, until that his Money be viewed and examined by him whom the King shall assign.

And Further, that it be cried and defended on the KingÕs Behalf, upon Pain of Forfeiture of his Body and that which he hath, that no Man be so hardy to send Money between Cloths, in Fardels, or in Bales, or in any other Manner whereof Suspicion may be of any Concealment. And if there be any such found, he which found the same shall have iiij d. of the Pound, and the rest to be to the King.

And also that it be cried and commanded on the KingÕs Behalf, that if any find Money coined of any other Coin than of the Coin of the King of England, Ireland, or Scotland, or [rounded1] Money, that he break the same; and that none be so hardy to gainsay the same upon Pain of grievous Forfeiture; and he which findeth the same false shall break the same, (Õ) the broken Money shall be given to him who oweth it, and the false Money shall be pierced without restoring it; and the Body of him in whose Hands the false or clipped Money appeareth to be found, be taken and holden until such Time as he can find Surety, if he be a suspicious Man.

And because that many of the Poor and Rich People cannot know the light and clipped Money (!), now it is ordained, that hereafter he which ought to receive or pay Money, shall receive and pay the same by Weight of v.s. of even Weight by the Tumbrel, delivered by the Warden of the Exchange marked with the KingÕs Mark as the Measures are ; and it shall be lawful to any Man to pierce the Money which shall not [weigh4 j the

1 clipped

x and no one shall gainsay it, under the same Forfeiture 5 3 from the other 4 pass

Ex Lib. Scacc. Westm. X. fo. 41.

CONTRE les damages e les perilz ke sum ave- nuz ca en arere e porrut avenir de la moneye de Englefe est issi ordine, kil seit crie e defendu de part le Rey par tut le Reaume en totes les viles marchaundes ke nul home sur grevouse forfeture ne seit si hardi despendre, mettre ou receivre moneie dautre coyng ke del coyng le Rey de Engletere, de Hyrelaunde, e de Escoce.

Uncore kil seit defendu de part le Rey, ke nul ke aporte denis en ceo pays si ne seit p' ses despeses ne seit si hardi dariver en Engle?e si force de torment nel chace par bon testmoniage forspÔs a Dovre, e Sandwice, a Londres, a Seint Botulf, a Suth'mptone (Ô) as autre (*) pore.

E kaunt il vendra a akun de ces lius, kil bien e leument mustre ces denis a celi ke €ra assignee de part le Rey, saun nul concelement sor forfetÕe de con e de aver. E ke de ileokes ne porte ne ne aloigne laver p ly ne p autre jekes a taunt ke la moneye seit veue e examenee par celi ke le Rey assignera.

Derechef kil seit crie e defendu, de part le Rey sur forfeture de cors e de aver ke nul ne seit si hardi de mettre nule moneye entre dras en fardels ne en bales ou en akune marie dunt suspecion pusse estre de nul concelement. E si nul tel seit trovee, celi ke les trovera eit q*tre denis de la livre, e le remenaunt seit au Rey.

E uncore kil seit crie e comaundee, de part le Rey, ki ke unkes treove dener feru, de autre coyn ke del coyn le Rey de Englefe, ou de Escoce, (!) ou de8 retondu kil le perce. E ke nul ne seit si hardy de countredire sur grevouse forfeture. E ky le trove faus kil le depesce e nul le contredie sur meme la for- fetur ; le dener pcee seit rendu a cely a ki il est, e le faus seit depesce saun rendre. E le cors celi en ki mains le faus dener ou retoundu apert seit trove seit p's e retenu jeskes a taunt kil eit trove son garaunt si ceo seit houme suspecenus.

E pur ceo ke mula de genz poures e riches ne sevent conustre les leger dens e les retounduz, des autres, si est ordene ke desoremes ke devera receivre ou liverer deners les receive ou livre par peys de cync souz en amunt, e de cine souz en aval par turn* berel liveree p le gardein del eschaunge niche de merk le Rey ausi com sunt les mesures; e ben list a chescon de [porter4] le dener ke (5) ne [passera6] le

1 et Printed Copiei.

1 comunes Printed Copies.Ñde cynk MS. Colt.

3 ou Dirland MS. Colt.

* peer Rot. Pat: Printed Copies : pescer MS. Cott.

3 de rien MS. Cott. 6 poyseni Printed Copies.

* In the Printed Copies Three Instruments are inserted, and attributed to jo Edw. I. intituled, Ô Statutum de Moneta magnum.Õ Ç Statutum de Moneta Parvum.Õ Ô Articuli de Moneta.Õ The Statute printed in the Text from Lib. Scacc. unites the Contents of the First and Third of these Instruments. The Various Readings marked Rot. Pat. are from an Entry on the Patent Roll 12 Edw. I. m. 5. in Cedula, of a Writ to the Keeper of the Fair of St. Botulph, * DÕ quibjda remediis pvisis cont* retonS & falsificaSem Monete.Õ This Writ recites that the Inconveniencies arising from false Money, and the Remedies provided bv the King and Council, are sent them in a Schedule annexed, to be observed. The Copy of this Schedule begins with the Articuli de Moneta, 1 Ceosont les choses,' 8cc. and then proceeds to state the proposed remedy nearly in the tenor of part of the Statutum de Moneta magnum, as printed in the first six paragraphs of the Text. The Writ printed, post pa. 220, from Rot. Claus. 12 Edw.II. to the Treasurer ana Barons of the Exchequer appears to be the Foundation of the Statutum de Moneta parvum, as inserted in the Printed Copies, of which the Various Readings are given in the Notes. In MS. Cott. Claudius D. II. fo. 239, b. is the first part of this Statute, intituled ' Statutu de Moneta :Õ and in fo. 240 the latter part, intituled, Ô Articuli ejusdem Statuti.Õ These were printed in Cay's Edition.

it Go jgle

of

the

led

ole

on

or

ng

hat

his

ito

by

tš,

ler

he

.all

on

br

'ed

the

aid

nd

in

šr

he

1 ^ElFTif.

z

he

*y

he

Õ)

't,

*g

or

td

he

i be ........

"Ò¥"we money

T0PST-M^.:n,

C2 Pn ,È "¥ FÇII2 b tb.

.Ò> Ò***

UncoÇt kil sett defenduden^L. We&enceop*

^didariver e J/'L^'

nel Ç¥** par bon

0Ò ÒtreC) pore. ^

EÔÑ iwh.*.

.Ç-ÈÇÇÇ, lA, >lkfÔk

tl,**. £

fr Pl3rnepÇutrejekesitaMkl1J

"JLST È¥?*.È<.>*''

forfeture de core e de arer kt nul m ^ mÇtre nule moneye entre dm a Ucfck,| ou en akune maae dunt smpedoe paten h concelement. E u nul td m troveraeit (ftre dA de la line, e k iw.,

au Rey.

E uncore kil tat eric e comaundee, de pniij ki ke unkes treore dener fern, de autre anki coyn le Rey de Englete, ou de Escoct, l:) . . retondu kil le perce. E ke nul ae a t ©, countredire sur grerouie forfeture. Ekyletaefa kil le depesce e nul le contredie an m it fetur; le dener pcee sdt rendu acelyaid la^ti faus seit depesce satin rendre. E le con edit mains le faus dener ou retoundu apenatiti p's e menu jesk.es a taunt kil dt urn at pa. ceo seit houme suspecenus.

E pur ceo ke mula de gena poures t È. t conustre les leger dew e les fesaa-Õ es ke denn a* i line p

Temp¥ Incert.

Stat. de Moneia.

219

sevent conustre .w. .-6-------------------

autres, si est ordene ke desoremes ke dew ie* ou liverer deners les receive ou livre pe p1 cync souz en amunt, ede cine soul enrol f'1 berel liveree p le gardein del escfiaungt i*: merk le Rey ausi com sum les mesuro;eš1 a chescon de [porter*] le dener ke (iK j*5

> et primal Copies. . uc rj,

1 comunes Primal Cepies.-^t cynk j ou Dirland MS- Cm/. ..

¥peer Rot. Pal: PtMCs*-

.derienitfS.C*. ÈWÇiP***

i to ao Ed*.

rented in the Ten froniWi * d A*./W. are from an Entry <š .

¥ D' quibjdi remeditJ PnÒ!/Ó,|h. oney, and the Remedies Pr0Õ . ^ ^ >&*

.Schedule begin. wtth^eAr.^^^

, the tenor ofpartrf ^

Mt pi. no, hm JU. U* i&

Ututum de MuÇU

S. Cots. etui* D. n itatus^

ntituled, * Articul. ejusdem Istatua

tomberel; E le dener dautre coyng ke del coyn le Rey de EngletÕe de Hyrelaunde e de Escoce, les peis serrunt ausi ben liverez e merchez par le gardein del eschaunge cu le tomberel.

Le veur e le [regardur de la moneye ke vendra de la outre, k"nt il les avra regarde al oyl il la pe- sera; E sil treove de novels denis ke [ne peisent vint soua e quatre deSs p noumbre'] donkes regard par tombrel la ou la defaute serra, e perce les legers. E sil seient defls ke mult seient usea si [tot1J entrent en la livre (*) vint soua sys deSs, ja le meins seient liverez a celi ke les aura [perce5] saun countredit; mes si plus i entrent face ausi de ces cum des autres. E le regardur avauntdit se pnge ben garde kil ne p>nge doun ne loer por fere nule maSe de deport ne extorsion ne face [noun due ne nul6] delay issi com il veot sauver sey e ses biens.

¥Ceo sunt les choses ke [sunt7] de ca la mer e de la a g*nt damage noster Seign* le Rey e de son people, e a g*nt corupcion de sa moneye de Engletere.

Primerement home fet la outre une moneye de argent de un mitre, les vint soua de la quele moneye ne peyse mes ke seaae sous e qÒtre denis (8) dengle Pre.

Derchef lem fet deus autre manJes de moneie o lyuns dunt il y ad bendes en lune moneye [e lautre Õ] mes kil sunt ausi legers com la moneye de mytre.

Uncore fet lem ausy de ca cu de la une maSe de fause moneie kest pure de quivere e est blachie e k*nt ele est novele ele resemble la moneye denglePe.

Il y ad uncore un autre mante de moneie kest fete en [Alemayne ,0] desua le noun Eadward Rey de Engle.tere ke poise ausy [poy "] ou meis cum la moneye o la mitre e ce le ne peot estre conue si ceo ne seit par peys.

Lautre fausine ke lem fet en la moneye si est kil i ad akuns ke portent plates de peutre ou de plomb a la forme de un dener, si les mettent entre deus foilles dargent e p9 si les fierent ou en coyn, ou en q'r ou aut' dener ben forge ad este feru.

Les autres autre cy ben de ca com de la retondent la bone e leale moneye al damage de tot le commun. Cestes moneies ke sunt fetes ou retoundues hors denglePe sunt aportez par trespassaz e nomeement par mareschaunz. E pr ceo kil seuent bien ke horn les cerche a Dovre, il les mettent en dras e en bales, si ne venent pas a Dovre, ne a Sondwik, mes se venent [au Baunk Ó] a Loundr, ou en Essex ou en [Suff ou en Norff,*5] (u) ou en Lindeseie, ou as autre porz den- glete ou il quident trover nule contrere; les quels choses si eles fusset issi longement soffertes eles met- treient la moneye denglePe a nient.

1 gardours MS.Cott: gardein Printed Copies.

' la livre ne poise inye xxs. p numbre de quatre deniers MS.Cott: Printed Copies.

5 tost MS. Colt: toutz Printed Copies.

* de Printed Copies. s port MS. Cott: Printed Copies.

6 ne doigne nul manere de Printed Copies.

7 se funt Rot. Pat. 11 de la tnoneye Rot. Pat.

v 8c en lautre nient Rot. Pat.

Avyncin MS.Cott. .. pou Rot. Pat.

" Pot. Printed Copies and MS. Cott. omit.

IJ Sussex MS. Cott. ¥Ç ou a Hulle, Printed Copies.

Tumbrel; and the Money of other Coin than of the Coin of the King of England, Ireland, and Scotland, the Weight shall be as well delivered and marked by the Warden of the Exchange, as the Tumbrel.

The Viewer and the Warden of the Money which shall come from beyond the Sea, when he shall have any, he shall have regard unto the Age thereof, and shall weigh the same. And if he find of the new Money, that the Pound weigheth not xx s. by the Number of iiij pence, then he shall have regard by the Tumbrel where the Default shall be, (*) and if [he seeÕ] Money which is much used, if in the whole Pound of xxs. it want but vjd. then it shall be delivered to him who brought the same without gainsaying ; and if it want more, it shall be done of them, as of the rest. And let the Warden aforesaid take good heed, that he take no Gift nor Allowance, [to make any Means of Sport,5] nor make any Extortion, nor give any Manner of Delay, as he will save himself and his Goods.

These be the Things which arise on this side of the Sea and on the other, to the great Damage of our Lord the King and of his People, to the great Corruption of his Money of England.

First, they make there abroad a Money of Silver, with a Mitre; Twenty Shillings of which Money weighs only Six.teen Shillings and Four-pence of the Money of England.

Also they make Two other Sorts of Money with Lions, whereon there are bends in the one Money, and not in the other, but which are as light as the Money with the Mitre.

Also they make as well on this Side the Sea as on the other a Sort of false Money, which is merely of Copper,and is whitened, and when it is new it resembles the Money of England.

There is also another Sort of Money which is made in Germany under the Name of Edward King of England, which weighs as little as, or less than, the Money with the Mitre, and that cannot be distinguished, unless it be by Weight.

The other Deceit which they make in the Money is, that there are some who bring Plates of Pewter or of Lead in the Form of a Penny, then they put them between Two Leaves of Silver, and afterwards insert them into Coin or into Copper, where another Penny well forged hath been struck.

Others, as well on this side the Sea as on the other, do clip the good and lawful Money to the Damage of the wholeCommunity. Those Monies which are made and clipped out of England are brought by Passengers, and especially by Merchants. And because they know that Search is made for them at Dover, they put them into Cloths and Bales; then they come not to Dover or Sandwich, but they come to London, or into Essex, or into Suffolk, or into Norfolk, or to Hull, or into Lindsay, or to some other Ports of England, where they exped to find no Hindrance: The which 'Things, if they should be long permitted to be so, would bring the Money of England to nothing.

1 and shall pierce the light Money, 5 to spare any one-

Õ there he

* What follows is given in the Primed Copies under the Title Ô Articuli de Moneta.Õ See Note at bottom of preceding page.

Weight of Foreign Money shill be ascertained by Viewer, ttc.

Different sorts of Foreign Money.

Foreign

Counterfeit

Money.

Dipped Money ;

illegally brought into England.


220

For the

prohibiting any one from bringing clipped or counterfeit Money into the Realm.

Stat. de Monet a parvum.

aT'DWARD by the Grace of God, King of Eng- Õj land, Lord of Ireland, and Duke of Aquitaine, to the Sheriff of Lincoln,'3 Greeting. Because that Strange Merchants, and also some Merchants Denizens of our Realm, from Day to Day bring into the same our Realm, from the Parts beyond the Sea, our Money clipped, and other Money of divers Coins counterfeited and mingled with our Money, trafficking and buying with the same Money, to the great Loss of Us and all our People, and also to the Subversion of all our Money: We hereupon willing to provide a Remedy, unless peradventure by longer Sufferance a greater Danger might ensue, [Command you that in your full County, and in all your Cities and Merchant Towns of the same County, you causeÕ3 straitly to be for.bidden and openly proclaimed, That no Strange Mer.chant, (3) nor any other from henceforth, bring into the Realm any such Money of ours [rounded,43 or any other counterfeited of Strange Coins, or else use the same in buying or trafficking; and if they do, at the first Time wherein they shall be taken therewith, they shall lose such [rounded *3 Money or any other Coun.terfeit : And if they shall be again found in the like Offence, they shall lose such Money and other Goods found with them: And if the Third Time they commit the like Offence, and be taken therewith, their Bodies and also all their Goods and Chattels shall be forfeited unto Us: But others which shall not be Merchants, and shall have such [rounded *3 Money, or other coun.terfeit Money, shall presently pierce the same, and send it to our Exchange to be new coined under our Coin; or otherwise, in whose Hands such Money shall be found, (s) shall be unto us wholly forfeited. [And if you do not fully execute this our Commandment, We will grievously amerce you and yours. T. W. of Marchia, our Treasurer the xxj Day of June, in the Twentieth Year of our Reign.6]

1 The King to his Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer,

1 do striQly command you, that on sight of these Presents you do give in charge to the sex eral Sheriffs on our behalf under the Seal of our Exchequer aforesaid, that in their full Counties, and in the several Cities and Market Towns of the same Counties, they do cause,

3 nor yet any Dcnixen 4 clipped 5 the same

b Provided moreover that all Pennies of Money capped or counterfeited, when by the forfeiture of others the same shall come to our hands, shall be in like manner pierced and sent to our Exchequer. Witness the King at Tork, the second day of February. By the Council.

Ex Rot. Claus, ta Edw. II. m. 14. J.

rr?" Thjj & B"oÒb>. ¥*dt s** i s*È. ft'*.

LJ. V Quia mcatores ahentgene, ac ecia quidam in- ne

digene regni nn, de die in die defunt in idem regnu ra¡Mi

de ptibx t*nsmarinis monetam nra retonsam & alia Hp rc,on,5ltÈ ,.ri , r~_ ã . ua fle controfa

divsls cuneis controtcam monete nre comixtam, ne- debt inf*

gociantes & nicantes de eadem moneta, in dampnu rtpÒ"-

nrm & toci9 popli regni nn no modicu, ac ecia in

subvÕsione toci9 monete nre : Nos sup hoc, ne fortassis

p tollerancia longiore piclu majQ imineat, remediii

adhibere volentes, [vofe distÕ&e p*cipitn9 quaten9 viiis

psentibj singtis ViC ex pte nra sub sigillo Sc*cdi f?dS

mandetis, qd in plenis Com suis,1] & singtis Crvrtatibj

& villis nicatoriis [eopde ComJ] firmir infriberi &

pclamari fac, Ne quis locator alienigena [sen ecia in-

digena4] vt quicumq, ali9 h9i moneta nfam retonsam,

seu ecia alia de alienis cuneis comrofcam, de cetb in

regnO nrm deferat, vel ecia ea in ficando vt nego-

ciando utatr; qd si fepirit p'ma vice qua sup hoc faint

deprehensi moneta ilia r'etonsa seu ecia controfctm

amittant: Et si iioem i?um in gsimili detco dephensi

fSint, moneta ilia & ecia alia bona sua secu invents

amittant: Et si ?cia vice idem delSm comiÕsSint & dep-

hensi fSint, de corpiby suis, & ecia omibj bonis &

catallis suis nob totalit incurrant': alii aut q1 nicatores

no fSint, & moneta nram retonsa vt aliam h9! con.

troftam habffint, statl ea pforent & ad eambiu nrm

transmittant de novo sub cuneo nro cudenda; alioq'n

in quofcuq, manibj moneta h9i repta f8it, nob sit

penit9 forisfca. [ Proviso insup qd omes denarii monete

retonse seu controfce cu p forisftura aliop ad manus

nras deveriint similit? pforentr& ad Cambiu nrm mittant'

T.JL apd Ebo^ secdo die Febr. p Consiliu.3]

1 Edwardus dei gratia, Rex Anglic, dns Hybernie, 8c dux

Aquitan Vic Line,

1 tibi pr<cijiimu:., sicut alias, quod in pleno com tuo

5 ejusdem Com * Printed Copies omit.

1 Et nisi hoc mandatu nostrii plenc exequaris, nos ad te & tua graviter capiemus. T. W. de Marchia Thes nro xxi die Jim. Anno regni nostri xx.

atatutum De tencntxb5 pÕ legem

STATUTE concerning Tenants by the Curtesy of England.

Who shall be Tenant by the Curtesy ;

who not.

No Homage for Land given in Marriage.

A Second Husband.

J HEN a Man shall take Lands in Marriage with a Wife, if he have begotten of the same his Wife an Heir, Son, or Daughter, which shall be heard to cry within the Four Walls, if the same Husband over.live his Wife, whether the Heir live or not, the same Land shall remain to the Husband, (') and after the Death of the Husband, the Lands shall return to the Donor or to his Heir; but if he have no Heir by his Wife, then after the Death of the Wife, it shall return to the Donor or to his Heir. And this is the Cause why for Land given in Marriage, Homage is not used to be received; for if any Lands were so given in Mar.riage or otherwise that Homage were received, it might then never lawfully revert to the Donor or to his Heir as above is said. And the same Judgement shall be of the Second Husband, as is said of the First, whether there be left any Heir of the First or not.

Ex MS. Lansd. 480, fo. 188 b.*

CUM quis [itaq,1] ?ram cum uxe in maritagio cepit, si ex eadem uxe sua heredem fit vel filiam clamantem auditum infra quatuor pietes heat pereatii, si idem vir uxem suam supvixit sire heres vivat sive non [ipi viro *] remanebit maritagiu illud, post mortem [viri3] ad donatorem vel ad ejus heredem [rePsur.4] Si autem nullum ex uxe sua huerit heredem tunc (3) post mortem uxis ad donatorem vel ad ejus heredem rePtet'. Et [si6] hec est causa quare [in maritagio7] non solet recipi homagiu; si enim donata esset aliqua Pra sic in maritagiu vel (*) alio modo [qd cum recipiat"] homagiu [tanq*m'¡] ad dona.torem de ce?o vel ad eius heredem licite posset rePti ut sup*dem est. Illud vo judiciu erit de sedo viro quod dfm est de primo [si heres reliquerit primo Ò] sive non.

1 ita ¥ in vita 3 v¡ ejus

4 re9tet* 3 statim

6 MS. Harl. and Printed Copies omit. 3 maritag tti ¥ aliquo 5 qd recipiet' tunc nunq'm

Ò sive pim9 hes reliqrt

1 for bis life,

* A Copy is given in MS. Harl. 86y, fo. 64, intituled, Ô Statut de leg Anglic &c.Õ from whence the Various Readings are taken. The Printed Copy in Berthelet s Secunda pars Peterum Statutorum 1532, which gives this Article without any Date, agrees with the Text except as noted. In Rastall s Collection 1603, from whence the Translation is taken, the following Note is subjoined; .< But this seemeth to be no Statute, but only One ManÕs Opinion.Ó


ng.

me,

hat

ens

ime

ney

ited

1

our

iter

our

vns

for-

ter-

nto

or

the

the

bejr

un.

ike

Dds

mit

lies

ted

its,

tin-

Mlll

Mir

sail

jid

m,

of

the

rÇ*

u

f

[R

ExRot.Clm,. u Uu. n

11 ^Baronib, witw.

* ft*

**. cuneBÒntrofaDlm^^

gocuntes & Santa de adem sJj

Çª&toa pophregni^^

subvsione toa9 monete nit; Naap^ '

P tollerandi longiorc pidu nuf ^

idhibere volentes, [vofc distSe ^ J

PÈentib3 angtis Vic a pte sh sub

mandetis, qd in plenisCom sua,']^-

& villis mcatoriis [eo^dc

pdamari fa?, Ne quis Scatot aliodjaarB{;

digenaÔ] vt quicumq, alis h^i tnosm tš ^

seu ecia alia de alienit ctmds oBnfo,^ regnG mm defeat, vel edi ea in ciando utat'; qd si f^int p^n sice qua saj deprehensi moneta ilia fetonsa Ç Çtad amittant: Et si iiaem it am in (jsmii ddc^ fSint, moneta Mia k edi alia bona sÇ mi,, amittant i Et si tcia vice idem deb meal, hensi fuint, de corjsbj sois, k em omfc a* catallis suis not totalit incumnt1: ai ad ([ q n5 fSint, k moneta main retonsa d ihfii trofcam habiiint, stats d pforent Sc id oa: transmittant de novo sub cuntu tioobfi.a in quojcuq, tnanibt moneta hsi tqn ism penit9 forisfca. [Proviso insup qd omesdeariaa retonse seu controfe cu p baton i)iu nfas devtiiint similit pforeat &ad Cambdumnam T.JE apd Eboji sefdo die Febi. fCai ¥ Edwardus del gratia, Aljfc, die Hjbti

Çfe W i*"

ã;^Sr=pÑ..

J i n. Anno ttgni nostn u.

P' legem Xngl\

t the Curtesy or Exam,

Ex MS. baud.

^fTM quis [itaq'J Pram cum nit in J ceph, ri ex adem nit sw bcekfo am damanfem auditum infra <pnm pt .'tatti, aÕ idem vir uaem urn u/mbth at rive non [ipt riro'J rananelit mat is t mortem [ririÕ] id danatoran rdnlijtiis rsur.'J Si aufem milium a Bilk edem tunc (Õ) pÓ<t mortem uns ad iinÈ' ejus heredem revtefÕ. Et [si1]bee*as? mzritagioÕ] non solet reap tap; <š ata esset a/iqua Fra sic in oaiitapi til\!* lo [qd cum recipdt"] bomagiu m de cePo vel ad eras heredem Sit (*' up'dem est. Ulud vo judkS r ^

i est de primo [ fa ¥ in vita

revW Ô satin<

MS. Hurl, and PrMCfiamt iliquo Õqdrecipiet'

im5 lies nliijrt

t&tVmniM*** without

befolfowiBffr*11*^

IPe Sector pjosternat arbors tn Centttmo.*

That the Rector do not cut down Trees in the Churchyard.

0UONIAM inter Re&ores eedesiarii et suos paro- chianos sup arboribus crescentibus in cemiterio altercationes oriri sepius intelleximus, utrisq, ad se pertinere contendentibus, hujusmodi altercationis dubium declarare [jur scripti .] potius q, statuti jur esdmamus : Nam cu cemiteriu maxime dedicatu solum sit ecclesie, et quicquid plantat' solo cedat, sequitur necessarie arboreS ipsas debere inter facultates ecdesiasticas numerari, de quibus laicis nulla est attributa facultas disponendi; sed sicut sacra scriptura testatur, solis sacerdotibus [dispositis *] cura indiscussa a Deo comissa decet; verum (1) arbores ipse propter ventorum impe.tus, ne ecclesiis noceant, sepe plantantur; Prohibemus, ne ecclesiarum Redores ipsas presumant prostemere indistinde, nisi cum cancellus ecclesie necessaiia in- digeat refedione ; Nec in alios usus aliqualiter coverta- tur ; fPterq, si navis ecctie indiguerit similiter refedione; & redores [pochian indig *3 eis caritative de arborib9 ipsis duxerint largiend; qd fieri no p>cipimus sed cum fadum fuerit, [comend.1]

'juris sacri * dispositio et 3 cum

* parochiarum indigentium 3 comendabimus

TT'ORASMUCH as We have understood very often that Contention hath arisen between Parsons of Churches and their Parishioners, touching Trees that grow in the Churchyard, both of them affirming that they belong to themselves; We have thought good to to declare the doubt of such Contentions [by law of Writing'] rather than by law of Statute : For whereas Tim in a the Churchyard, specially that which is dedicated, is the Churchjrnrd Soil of the Church, and whatsoever is planted upon the *

Soil belongeth to the Soil, it followeth necessarily, that u the Trees themselves ought to be numbered amongst the Church Goods, the disposing whereof is not given to Laymen, but, as the Holy Scripture witnesseth, the care of disposing them being undiscussed by God, ought to be committed unto Priests only: But, Foras.much as those Trees oftentimes are planted to keep away the Force of the Wind for hurting of the Churches, We will that the Parsons of Churches do Theyihitt do not presume to fell those Trees undiscreetly, but be uied in only when the Chancel of the Church doth want ne- ,he

cessary Reparations; nor shall convert them to any urc ' other Use by any other means, unless the Body of the Church do likewise want Reparations, and the Parsons do of Charity think good to give of those Trees to the Parishioners wanting them ; which We do not command to be done, but when it is done we do commend it.

Ô by the Sacred Law

¥ This is printed from the Copy without any Date in BertheletÕs Û Secunda Pars Veterum Statutorum * 1532. In the modem English Editions it is inserted as a Statute of 35 Edward I. The various Readings of the Text are from the Copy printed by Cay, from some Source not specified. The Translation is from RasrallÕs English Collection, 1603.

JLcs Ûetatut3 tie la gjeuerie.t

The STATUS) of JEWRY.

FORASMUCH as the King hath seen that divers Evils, Usury

and the disheriting of the good Men of his Land have forbidden to happened by the Usuries which the Jews have made in Time lh* Jews, past, and that divers Sins have followed thereupon ; albeit he and his Ancestors have received much benefit from the Jewish People in all Time past; nevertheless for the Honour of God and the common benefit of the People, the King hath ordained and established, That from henceforth no Jew shall lend any Thing at Usury, either upon Land, or upon Rent, or upon other Thing: And that no Usuries shall run in Time coming from the Feast of Saint Edward last past. Notwithstanding, the Covenants before made shall be observed, saving that the Usuries shall cease. But all those who owe Debts to Jews upon Pledges of Moveables, shall acquit them between this and Easter; if not they shall be forfeited. And if any Jew shall lend at Usury contrary to this Ordinance, the King will not lend his Aid, neither by himself nor his Officers, for the recovering of his Loan ; but will punish him at his discretion for the Offence, and will do justice to the Christian that he may obtain his Pledge again.

Ex Lib. Scacc. IVtitm. X.fo. 31 d.

F)R ceo ke le Rey ad veu ke mouz de maus e deseritizons des pdes houmes de sa Pre sunt avenu p les usures des Jeus e unt fet ca en arere, e ke mult de pecchez en sunt suiz ja seit ceo ke luy ou ces auncestres eient eu g*nt pru de la gyuerie tot tens ca en arere, ne pr kaut en le honur de deu e pr le cofnun pru del people ke le Rey ad ordine e establi ke nul geu desoremes ne p'ste ren a usure ne sour Pre ne sur rente ne sour autre chose : E ke nules usures ne curgent del Seint Eaduuard pnecheinement passee en avaunt. Mes ke les covenauns avaunt fetes seient tuz sauvez ceo ke les usures cessent. Mes tuz ceus ke deivent dette as geus sur gages de meoble les aquitent entre cy e la Pasche e si noun, seient encoruz. E si nul face prest a usure encon? les establissemenz le Roy ne p ly ne par les seons ne se entremettra de fere ly recoverir son prest; einz ly punira a sa volunte pr le trespas, e al (Dresden fra dreit'e [de son gage fere li recouerir son prest, einz li punira a sa volunte.1 ]

E ke les destresces des dettes de gius ne seient de.soremes si grevouses ke la meite des terres e des chateus al Crestien demeorge a lur sustenaunce ; e ke nul destresce ne seit fet pÕ dette de giuerie sur leyr au dettur nome en la chartre del Geu ne sur autre ke teigne la Pre ke fu a dettur, avaunt ke la dette seit dereynee e conu en la curt.

1 de son gage recov'r.

AND that the Distresses for Debts due onto the Jews from Distresses henceforth shall not be so grievous, but that, the Moiety of for Debts the Lands and Chattels of the Christians shall remain for their to ^ewÕ* Maintenance ; and that no Distress shall be made for a Jewry Debt, upon the Heir of the Debtor named in the JewÕs Deed, nor upon any other Person holding (he Land that was the DebtorÕs, before that the Debt be put in Suit and allowed in Court.

f This is intituled in the Printed Copies Ô Statutum de Judeismo.Õ In none of them is any Translation given. In a Inst. JC6, it is attributed to 18 Edw. I. and to 4 Edw. I in PrynneÕs Records, Vol. 3. pa. 153. In MS. Harl. 409. fa. 53, it immediately succeeds St. Westm. t, 3 Edw. I. and precedes Stat. Glouc. 6 Edw. I: The Various Readings from that Manuscript are inserted in the Notes, wherewith an Entry in the Black Book of Christ Church, Dublin, and the Old Printed Copies agree ¥* unless when the contrary is noted.

Vol. I.

3 M

A


Stat. de Jtuerie.

Temp.

221

a

Valuing of Lands and Goods taken for a JewÕa Debt.

Warranty to Jews.

Abode of Jews.

Their Badge.

Their Tax.

Conveyances of Laud, &c. by Jews.

Privileges of the Jews.

Intercourse between Jews and Christians.

Immunity from Scot and Lot.

Holding Houses and Farms, 4cc.

And if the Sheriff or other Bailiff, by the KingÕs Command hath to give Seisin to a Jew, be it one or more, for their Debt, of Chattels or Land to the Value of the Debt, the Chattels shall be valued by the Oaths of good Men, and be delivered to the Jew or Jews, or to their Proxy, to the Amount of the Debt; and if the Chattels be not sufficient, the Lands shall be extended by the same Oath before the Delivery of Seisin to the Jew or Jews, to each in his due Proportion; so that it may be certainly known that the Debt is quit, and the Christian may have his Land again : Saving always to the Christian the Moiety of his Land and Chattels for his mainte.nance as aforesaid, and the Chief Mansion.

And if any Moveables hereafter be found in Possession of a Jew, and any Man shall sue him, the Jew shall be allowed his Warranty, if he may have it; and if not, let him answer therefore: So that he be not herein otherwise privi.leged than a Christian.

AND that all Jews shall dwell in the KingÕs own Cities and Boroughs, where the Chests of Chirographs of Jewry are wont to be : And that each Jew after he shall be Seven Yeats old, shall wear a Badge on his outer Garment; that is to say, in the Form of Two Tables joined, of yellow Felt, of the Length of Six Inches, and of the Breadth of Three Inches. And that each one, after he shall be Twelve Years old, pay Three pence yearly at Easter of Tax to the King, whose Bond-man he is; and this shall hold place as well for a Woman as a Man.

And that no Jew shall have Power to infeoff another, whether Jew or Christian, of Houses, Rents, or Tenements that he now hath, nor to alien in any other Manner, nor to make Acquittance to any Christian of his Debt, without the especial Licence of the King, until the King shall have other.wise ordained therein.

AND, Forasmuch as it is the will and sufferance of Holy Church, that they may live and be preserved, the King taketh them under his Protection, and granteth them his Peace ; and willeth that they be safely preserved and defended by his Sheriffs and other Bailiffs, and by his Liege Men; and com- mandeth that none shall do them harm, or damage, or wrong, in their Bodies or in their Goods, moveable or immoveable ; and that they shall neither plead nor be impleaded in any Court, nor be challenged or troubled in any Court, except in the Court of the King, whose Bond-men they are. And that none shall owe Obedience, or Service, or Rent, except to the King, or his Bailiffs in his Name ; unless it be for their Dwellings which they now hold by paying Rent; saving the Right of Holy Church.

AND the King granteth unto them that they may gain their living by lawful Merchandise and their Labour; and that they may have Intercourse with Christians, in order to carry on lawful Trade by selling and buying. But that no Chris- tian, for this Cause or any other, shall dwell among them. And the King willeth that they shall not by reason of their Merchandise be put to Lot or Scot, nor in Taxes with the Men of the Cities or Boroughs where they abide ; for that they are taxable to the King as his Bondmen, and to none other but the King.

Moreover the King granteth unto them that they may buy Houses and Curtilages, in the Cities and Boroughs where they abide, so that they hold them in chief of the King ; saving unto the Lords of the Fee their Services due and accustomed. And that they may take and buy Farms or Land for the Term of Ten Years or less, without taking Homages or Fealties, or such sort of Obedience from Christians, and without having Advowsons of Churches ; and that they may be able to gain their living in the World, if they have not the Means of Trading, or cannot Labour; and this Licence to take Lands to farm shall endure to them only for Fifteen Years from this Time forward.

E si Visconte u autre baillif p comaundemet le Rey deit fere seisine al Geu aunoua plusurs pr lor dette de chateus ou de terre a la value de la dette, les chateus seient pÔs p serement des pdeshomes e seient baillea a Geu ou a Geus ou a lur message a la mountaunce de la dette; e si les chateus ne suffisent, les terres seiet es- tenduz p meme le serement avaut ke la seisine seit livere a Geu ou a Geus a checun solom son afferaunt: issi ke lem puisse savš cšteinement ke la dette est quite, e la Crestien pusse reaver sa ?re, done sauve tua jor* al Crestien la meyte de la 9re e de ces chatels a sa sustenaunce, com est dit e le chef mees.

E si nul choses meobles aps ces hures seit trove en la seisine a Geus, e nul vodra suire, le Geu eit son garant si aver le poet, e si no respoigne; issi ke mes ne seit de ceo p'vilege autrement ke Crestien.

E ke tus les Geus seient menauns en les citez e en les burgs propres les Rey, ou les Whuches Cirog*ffes de Geuerie soleient estre : e fc checun Geu pus kil avra passee set anz, porte enseine en son soverain gamement cest assavr en fourme de deus tables joyntes de feutre iaune de la longure de sis poucers e de la laur de treis poua. E ke checun pus kil aura passe duzze anz paie tres deSs p an de [taillage1] au Rey [ky serf il est a la Pasche e ceo seit entendu ausi ben de feme com de houme.

E ke nul Geu neit poer de feffer autre Geu ne Cres- tien de lor mesons rentes ou tenemenz kil eient eu apmemes, ne de aliener a nul autre maSe ne de fere aq'taunce a nul Crestien de sa dette saun le conge le Rey especial taunt ke le Rey en eit autre chose ordine.

E por ceo (Õ) Seinte Eglise velt e seoffre kil vivent e seient gardez le Rey les prent en sa ptefiion e lor doune sa pes; e veult kil seient sauvement gardez e defend uz par ces viscontes e par ces autres baillifs e p ses feus; E comaunde ke nul ne lor face mal ne da.mage ne tort, en lor cors ne en lor bens meobles ou nent meobles e kil ne pleydent ne ne seient enpleidez en nuly curt, ne chalangez ne t*vaillez en nuli curt fors en la curt le Rey ky serfs yl sunt. E ke nul ne seit obeissaunt ne responaunt ne rente rendaut, (*) sauve le dreit de Seint Eglise.

E le Rey lor g*nte kil vivent de marchaudise leaus e p lor labur e kil comunient ove les Crestiens pÕ leu- ment marchaunder en vendaunt e en echataunt. Mes ke par cest encheson ne p autre nul Crestien ne seit cochaunt ne levaunt entre eus. E ne velt pas le Reys par encheson de lor marchandise kil seient lote ne en escot ne en taillages o ceus des Citez ou des Burgs ou il meinent de ci cum il sunt taillables al Rey come ses serfs e a nul autres, for a Rey.

Derechef le Rey lor gAnte kil pussent achater mesons e curtilages en les citez e en les burgs ou il meynent issi kil les tenent en chef du Rey sauve as seignÕages lor services dues e costumes. E kil pussent [pÕndre e achater fermes ou tVe JJ a ?me de dyz ans ou a meins, saun pndre homages ne feutez ne tele maiie de obeis- saunce de Crestiens, e saunz aver avouweson de Eglise e p' gainer enle secle lor vivre sil ne seuent marchaunder, ou il ne pount laborer; e ceo p' phidre (6) a ferine ne lur dorra for q'nz anz de cet hure en avaunt.

1 chevage 1 qui serfs il sunt J ke

4 fors ke al Roy, ou a ses Baillifs en son non, si ceo ne seit de lur mesuns, ke il tienent pr rente rendant,

r prendre terres & chater fermes, Lib. Nig. JEi. Chr. Dub.

1 < prendre & acha? fmes MS. Harl.

I prendre terres a fermc Printed Copies.

6 terres


and

ieir the be 'unt ndj of > to the the >te-

non

be

lim

iri-

tiej

are

ran

u7È

the

w.

>w,

OK

r a

iCT,

TUI

to

the

Çr-

oly

eth

ind

his

m-

*%>

nj

in

ut

he

or

he

rir

at

7

f.

D.

ir

Èe

T

E a Visconte u iutrc bailW.

do'hateusoudeterreaU^^Jt

GeuouaGeusouaWn, te*Ç% dette; tales ebateus nenfa^ ^duz , meme le ltvere a Gtu ou a Gens a checm tdom

wikelempuisie^adDtBa,^, ^ e UCresrienpuserarer ai

È1 Crestienlimeytedeli?rteieffl2!

susteniunce, com est dit e le chef ^ ^ E snulchownecMesjj^

Ò bseismeiGetis.enuhodnmt,^;

pram si averle poet, e a noiapap;^ ne seit de ceo p'vilege autrement ke CnsiLi * E ke tus let Geus seient maaš a k *, les burp propres les Rey, ou lesWkiafoft Geuerie soleaent estre: ekcheca Gaj,'^ passee set anz, porte enseineen sou soma ^ cest assay' en fourme de deus tables joyna 4 £ iaune de la longure de sis pouceri e de kbi trds pouz. E ke checun pus kil an ar.s. paie tres dens p an de [tmllap'] au Res ibt ilest1] alaPasche e ceo teit eateak ai^l feme com de houme.

E ke nul Geu neit poer de fiefierantreGa*^ tien de lor mesons rentes ou menu do: apmemes, ne de aliener a nul autre mac tie aq'taunce a nul Crestien de a date aatkaa, Rey especial taunt ke le Rey en ot aim da a

E por ceo (') Seinte Eglise velte seofedm sdent prdez le Rey les prat objiM doune sa per, e teuk kil seient anuape defenduz par ces viscontes e par cesatareba p set feus; E comaunde ke nulnekirkt riti mage ne tort, en lor cots ne en lor beet take: nent meobla e kil ne pleydentneorÇsl* ennuly curt, ne chalangez Ç tfa nil fors en la curt le Rey ky serfe yl* Iki

ãe seitobeissaunt ne responaun.

uuve le dreit '

Ô ^ ^*7 l¡r file kil vtrent de anhsks lor kbur t kil comunicnt ore les Ciaaii it mirchiunder en tending e a am i Plr test encheson ne p nitre ml Ota 11 inunt ne leraunt entre eus. E ne refc ptilt encheson de lor marchandise til mt htn t ne en taillages 0 ceus des Gtamhkpi anent de ci cum il sunt taillablesilltirigi e a nul autres, for a Rey. erechef le Rey lor g'nte b7 pimtxbtrB vlages en les citez e en ks hup oadÇ* il les tenent en chef du Rey me attpÈ( :es dues e costumes. £ H posett f er femes ou ft*1] a rrne de pndre homages ne feutezne Kktuti* e de Cresoens, e sauna aver mutes JÔ~ liner enle secle lor virresil tieseixsteari- ne pount laborer; e ceo p'pbdre. Ô irra for q'nz anz dt cet hurt? en sš*

eratre 14¡> so* 2 i^n, \ ske il Roy, ouaxiBM***13

hrmesuns,keileienentpÕieÇÔ^i)

xndx terns & chalet fetmjd..^

xndx & a chat tenet MS .entire term 1 feme PriM<4*

Stotutu De dBabcleto tn 3lonDon\*

The STATUTE of Gavelet in London.

Ex Lib. Horn, London" fo. 91, b.

PROVISUM est p dnm Regem & JustiC suos, & [a1] Civibus London concessum, qd [siÕ] Ar- chiepi Epi Abbates Priores Comites Barones & alii qui bent Redditus in Civitate London, &: in aliquibus [redditibus illis3] eis aretro sunt (4) redditus illos pos- sunt recupare, qd bn liceat eis dist'ngere tenentes suos pro arreragiis suis, q'mdiu aliquid inveniat' in feodo per quod dist'ngi possint, & (Õ) tunc ipi t<rnentes inplaci- tentr de Gaveleto, p quoddam breve de consuetudinibj & serviciis, quod bene fieri potest p Sokerennos eojs in hustengo presentatos, ad custodiam soke sue ad Redditus suos colligendos ; Ita qd tsi tenentes cog- noverint serviciu suu, statim & sn clifficultate satis- faciant Dnis suis de arreragiis suis. Si autem servicia sua eis denegaverint petentes statim noiabunt se&am suam scilic duos testes, & abreviabt int', & habebunt

ducen

diem [procedendi6] eos ad proximo Hustengum; ad quern diem si ipos (Õ) produxint & p eos [in Cur sua8] ostendatur, de visu suo & auditu, qd ipi conquerentes aliqn pceperunt Redditus, quos pen int de tenementis, tunc ipsi tenentes amittant feoda sua per judiciu Cur,

& conqueretes recupabunt ten sua in dnico. Si aut ut predem est, [cognoverint9] dnis suis servicia, & si- milif arreragia, tunc p judiciu d&; Cur duplicabunt1 arreragia, Et [debentIO] Vic pro injusta detentione, si ad hoc sufficiant sine gravamine, [habere Cetu solu- dos."] Si autem post debitam sumonicionem ad Hustengum non venerint, tunc feoda ilia in pleno Hus.tengo conquerentibus [hebunt"1] tenend in manibus suis per unu annu & unu diem; [Et,J] si Tenentes venerint ad eos & optulerint eis satisfacere de arre.ragiis suis duplicandis, & Vic de ffiia sua ut pdem est, tunc rehabebunt tenementa sua, Siin autem post annu completu remanebunt ten ilia Dnis feodo^ eojs, p ju.diciu Cur, in dnico suo imppetuii; et tunc vocantur ten ilia [forthot,1*] eo qd [inppetuum remanebit11 ] in dnico dnis feodo£, pro defeftu servicii. Idem autem tenendum est & observandum, si tenentes cognoscant arreragia sua, & non possunt inde satisfacere sedm qd predem est.

, | Printed Copies omit.

3 ten redditus itli 4 nec

3 si nihil inveniatur in feodo per quod distringi possint j

6 ducendi Lib.Ctut.Ñpducendi Lib. Alb. r testes 8 in plena Curia

f recognoverinl Lib. Cast, and the earliest Printed Copies.

I non recognoverint Toltell.Ñcognoverit Lib. Alb.

10 dabunt " C. s.

11 liberabunt' 13 Infra quern terminu

1 forsshott in Marg.ÑforschotÑforshot. Lib. Cast.

14 < Forshot Lib. Alb.Ñforschoc Pyns.Ñ.forchoc Berth. (.forschoke Tott.

13 ten ilia in perpetuum remanebunt

IT is Provided by our Lord the King and his Justices, and also granted unto (1) the Citizens of London, That (*) Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Earls, Ba.rons, and other that have Rents in London, and for some Tenements the Rents are behind, and (J) cannot recover those Rents, that it shall be lawful for them to distrain their Tenants for their Arrerages, so long as any Thing is found in the Fee, whereby they may be distrained; and if they have nothing in the Fee, whereby they may be distrained, then the Tenants shall be im.pleaded [by a Writ of Gavelet ¥] of Customs and Ser.vices, which may be well done by the Freemen of their City presented in their Hustings, for the keeping of Suit, to gather their Rents; so that if the Tenants do acknowledge their Services, they shall presently and without Delay satisfy their Lords of their Arrerages. And if they deny them their Services, the Demandants shall immediately name (!)two Witnesses, whose Names shall be inrolled, and shall have Day to bring them forth at the next Hustings; at which Day if they bring forth (6) Witnesses, and it is shewed by them in the full Court of their own Sight and Hearing, that the same Plaintiffs have any Time received the Rents which they demand of the Tenements, then the Tenants shall leese their Fees by Award of the Court, and the Plaintiffs shall recover their Tenements in Demean. [If they will not7] acknowledge the Services unto their Lords, as before is said, and likewise the Arrerages, then the Arrerages by Judgement of the Court shall be doubled, and they shall give to the Sheriff for the wrongful with.holding, [if they be worth so much, C. s. without any Difficulty:s] And if they do not come in after due Summons in the Hustings, then the same Fees shall be delivered unto the Plaintiffs in the full Hustings, to be holden in their own Hands for one Year and a Day ; within which Time if the Tenants do coine unto them, and do offer to satisfy them of the Arrerages double, and to the Sheriff for his Amerciament, as before is said, then they shall have their Tenements again; but if [it be9] after one Year and a Day accomplished, such Tenements shall remain unto the Lords of those Fees, by Judgement of the Court, in their Demean for ever; and then such Lands shall be called Forschoke, because such Tenements shall remain for ever in Demean to the Lords of the Fees, for Default of the Service. The same Ordinance shall be kept and observed if the Tenants do knowledge the Arrerages, and be not able to make Satisfaction therefore, as it is said before.

1 by 9 where 3 they

4 of the Gavelet, by a Writ

3 their Suit, to wilt 6 their t but if they will

8 if they be able to <lo it, without overcharging of them, the Sum of C. s. n not, then

Proceeding! for Recovery of Rent! in London;

Where the Tenant! deny the Services.

Where the Tenauts admit the Services, &c.

Where the Tenants make Default.

* This has been usually attributed to the loth Year of King Edward II. A Copy entered in Lib. Cuit. Lond.fo. 154. and another in the Transcriptum Libri Albi, London, Part IV, fo. J9 b, agree with that printed in the Text from Lib. Horn, except in the Instances noted. The other Various Readings are from the Old Printed Copies.


The Bodies of Kentish Men, free.

They do not choose the King's Escheator.

They may give and sell Lands without Licence.

Plead by Writ or Pleint.

Appear by Borsholdcr.

No Escheat for Felony, except of Goods only.

FelonÕs Wife dowable.

No Year nor Waste.

ConsuetuMneg Canttae,,*

The CUSTOMS of KENT.

^iOHESE are the Usage* and Customs, the which the Comunalty of Kent claimeth to have in the Tenements of Gavelkinde, and in the Men of Gavel- kinde, allowed in Eire before John of Berwike, and his Companions, the Justices in Eire in Kent, the Twenty- first Year of King Edward, the Son of King Henry ; that is to say, that all the Bodies of Kentishmen be free, as well as the other free Bodies of England. And that they ought not the Eschetor of the King to chuse, nor ever in any Time did they: But the King shall take, or cause to be taken, such an one as it shall please him, to serve him in that which shall be needful. And that they may their Lands and their Tenements give and sell, without Licence asked of their Lords: Saving unto the Lords the Rents and the Services due out of the same Tenements. And that all and every of them may, by Writ of the King, or by Plaint, plead for the obtaining of their Right, as well of their Lords as of other Men. And they claim also, that the communahie of Gavel- kindmen, which hold none other than Tenements of Gavelkinde nature, ought not to come to the common Summonce of the Eire, but only by the Borsholder, and Four Men of the Borough ; except the Towns, which ought to answer by Twelve Men in the Eire. And they claim also, that if any Tenant in Gavelkinde be attainted of Felony, for the which he suffereth Ex.ecution of Death, the King shall have all his Goods, and his Heir forthwith after his Death shall be inherit.able to all his Lands and Tenements which he held in Gavelkinde in Fee, and in Inheritance; and he shall hold them by the same Services and Customs as his Ancestors held them ; whereupon it is said in Kentish, Ô the Father to the Boughe, and the Sonne to the Plough.Õ And if he have a Wife, forthwith be she endowed by the Heir, if he be of Age, of the one half of all the Lands and Tenements which her Husband held of Gavelkinde nature in Fee; to have and to hold according to the Form hereafter declared. And of such Lands the King shall not have the Year, nor Wast, but only the Goods, as is before said. And if any Man of Gavelkind, either for Felony or for Suspicion

it* MS. Harl. 667, fo. 83 b.

CES sunt les Usages [e les Custumes'] les quels la comunealte de Kent cleyment aver en rene- menz de Ga'velkynde e en genz Gavelikendeia; (Õ) Ceo fet asaver, k touz les [core de KenteysJ] seyent francs ausi cii les autres francs [core4] de Engletre. [6 E k il ne deyvent le Eschetours le Rey eslire ne unkes en nul tens ne feseient; Mes k ly Rey prenge ou face prendre tel cu li plerra de ceo (s) mesterali servir.6] E k il pussent lur teres e lur tenement doner [e7] vendre :sana counge demander a lur seygnurs sauve as seygnurages les rentes e les services dues de mesmes les tenemenz. E k [touz e*] chescun pus- sent p bref le Rey ou par pleynte pleyder pur lur dreyt purchasser ausy bien [de9] lour seignurages cu des autres genz:. E cleyment ausi k la comune de Gavelykendeis 1. ne tenent mes k tenemena Gaveli- kendeia ne deiv ent venir a la comune somunce del Eyre, mes k par [borghesaldre l0] e quatre homes de la borghe horspris les Villees k deyvent respundre p xij homes en le Eyre. E cleyment ausi k si nul te.nant en Gavelikende seit ateynt de felonie par quey il suffre [Juise"] de mort, eyt ly Reys toua ses cha- teals; e sun heir meyntenant apres sa mort seit en. herite de totes ses teres e tenemena k il tynt en Ga.velikende en fee e en heritage, [e les tendera p mesmes les servises e costumes si cum ses auncestres les tin- drentdunt est dit en kenteya [Se Vader to )>e boghe, and se sone to pe Loghe;'3] E si il eyt femme meyntenant seit dowe p le heir si il seit de age [de la moyte de totes les teres e tenemenz k sun baroun tint de Gavelikende en fee ,4] (,5) e a tenir soulum la fourme [suthdite ,6] E de celes teres le Rey ne avera an ne Wast mes tantsoulement les chateals si cu il est avantdit. E si nul Gavelikendeia pur felonie ou pur Ret

1 T. & MSS. omit.

* allowes en Eire John de Berewike, e ses compagnons Justices en Eire, en Kent, le 21 an le Roy Ed. fitz le Roy

Henrie. L. at tupplied ly another old Copy.

s corps Gavelkindes T.Ñcours Gavelekendeys MS. Cat.Ñ co-rz Gavelekendeys Lib. Horn, apparently alteredfrom courz.

< Cours MS. Celt.Ñco-rs Lib. Horn.

J qui soit L. 6 T. it MSS. omit. r ou T.

* T. &c MSS. omit. È desouth T. and MSS.

10 borges-Aldremans, MS.Cott. " fuise T.

11 T. St MSS. omit.

11 ye fader to Je boughe, and pe son to pe plogh. L: Sonde the father to the boughe; Sond the sonne to the ploughs T. Somone pe fader to pe bogh and pe sone to Je logh MS. Colt. Sone [.struck through with a pen] pe fader to pe bogh, son [struck through] pe sone to pe plogh. [under plogh it written Lowe,] Lib. Horn.

*< T. St. AISS. omit. 'J a aver L. T. it MSS.

16 avauntdite T: Lib. Horn.

* This Title is inserted from the Copy in Tottell's Edition of Magna Carta and the Old Statutes, printed in tjjd- In MS Colt. Claudius D. II. fo. 122; Lib. Horn,fo. 77, b \ and other Manuscripts, this Instrument is intituled Ô Statutum de Consuetudinibus Kancie.Õ The Copy in the ancient Manuscript from which the Text is printed is very similar to that printed by Lambard in his * Perambulation of Kent,Õ which is stated by him to be more faithful than that printed by Tottell, being taken out of an ancient and fair written Roll given to Lambard by Mr. George Multon his Father in Law, and which formerly belonged to Baron Hales of Kent. This Roll Lambard supposes to have been written in the Time of King Edward I. In RobinsonÕs 1 Common Law of Kent Õ a Copy is quoted from an ancient Manuscript in LincolnÕs Inn Library; but it is more imperfeft and incorrect even than that printed by Tottell. The Translation given above is printed from that made by Lambard " not of any Purpose to bind the learned unto it but of a desire to inform the unlearned by it.Ó See Lamb. Per. Kent. (Edit. 1596) pa.53¡Õ 549> 5S¡Ô 5*^Õ 57¡ & se9- The Various Readings marked L. refer to that Edition: those marked T. refer to TottellÕs Printed Copy i T. & AISS. signifies that the Copies in MS. Colt: and Lib. Horn, agree with that Printed Copy.


rtnes Cantfoe,*

3Ms of kej^t.

Cã

S-'esUage[eÕ^ la comanealte de L ^ men2 de Gavtlkynde e en ^

franca ausi cii leg autr fCOT ^Ras

[ÔEUnedtlTrr^

unkes en nul ttT J

¡U ^ PršdretelcurpbiJa^

rrÇrrãnh"

drev, T ^ ou P*r pfcyÇe pb

S Òrr-

Ert,matpai.[bwgh(aldle.] la borghe horspris b VJb t dm*, Èj homes en le Eyre. E deymenr aw I nant en Gavelikoide sen itsynt de flš, il suffre [Juise"] de mort, eyt 17 Rep È teals; e sun heir meyntenant apres n a herite de tote* ses teres e tenemoii l d r

velikendeen fee era heritage, [eksiaie

les servises e costumes si cum Çs auncesc drent:"] dunt est dit en kenteya [Se Vj boghe, and se sone to f>e Loghe;Õ1] Etii meyntenant seit dowe p le heir si il w < la moyte de totes les teres e tenement \ i tint de Gavelikende en fee'*] f)eitar fourme [suthdite '*] E de celes teres le Re an ne Wast mes tantsoulement les chateah s avantdit. E si nul Gaveltkendeu pur feioniei

1 T- !c MSS. omit.

1 allowe* en Eire John de Bertmle, e Èi Justice* en Eire, en Kent, le 21 an le RoyEii Henrie. L as tuffliei /y MatinÕ M Ctf).

i corps Garelkindes T.Ñcours Gatelekradejtl co-ri Garelekendeys Ui.Htni. cpptrnlk thinsjn < fours MS. Ott.Ñco-n Itk. on. i qui soit L 1T. 8t HSS. wit

* 7". St MSS. omit. 1 deiouth T. ad ffi Ò borges . AWremins, MS. Celt. " b

n J ii MSS. omit.

a . È. UUUki

'1 ye fader to Je bought, and Sonde the father to the bought; Son Somone ye fader to ye bogh and j> Sone [struck ihnugk mtk a fen] [struck tknugt] ye sone to ft plo,

Lowe.] W- Horn.et T. & MSS. omit.

iÇ arauntdite T: Lii. Hern.

\ ^ Old Statutes, fd-: Instrument is Minted is rery sišlÇ È *? ,an that printed bfM**

ri, Law, and wild M

it of King £dÈad '. JJJ

that made by ha*š" * amUrr.U-

c marked

de felonie sey sustret de la pes, e seit demande en Counte cu il appent e puys utlage, ou si il se met en seynt Eglise e forjure la tere [ou le Realme,'] Le Rey avera le an e le Wast [de ses teres e de touz ses tenement Õ ] ensemblement od [touz ses Õ] cliateals; Issi k apres le an & le jour les [plus *] procheyns [seygnur ou 5] seygnurs eyent lour Esche- tes de celes teres e tenement, chescun seygnur ceo k de ly est tenu sauna meen. (a) E cleyment ausi k si aucun tenant en Gavelikende murt e seit enherite des teres e tenenienz de Gavelikende, k toua ses fia par- tent cel heritage p owel portiun. E si nul heyr madle ne seit, seit la ptie fete entre les femeles si cum entre les freres. E le mesuagie seyt autresy entre eus depty; mes k le astre demorra al pusne, [ou a la pusnee,6] e la value seit de ceo livre a chescun des pceners de cele heritage, a quarante [peez?] de cel Astre si le tenemet le put soffrir. E dunkes [le Eyne frere8] eyt la primere elcdlioun, e les autres apres p degree. Ensement des Mesuns k serrunt trovez [en tels Mesuagies9 ] seyent departis entre les heirs p owel portioun, Ce est asaver p [peces'"] si il est mes- ter, sauve le covert del astre k remeynt al pusne ou a la pusnee sicum il est avant dist, issi nequedent k le pusne [Ôface *ou la pusnee"] renable gre a ses pce.ners de la partie k a eus appent par agard [des "] bone genz. E des avant dites tenemez dunt une soule sute tantsoulement soleit estre fete avant, ne seit p la resoii de la deptie fors une soule sute fete sicum so- leyt avant ; Mes k touz les pceners facent contribu.tion a celi k fet la sute pur eus. Ensement seyent les chateals de Gavelikendeiz partiz en treys apres les exsequies e les dettes rendues si il y eit issue mulure en vie; issi k le mort eyt la une ptie, e les fiz [e lesfilles'1] mulurez lautre partie, e la feme la tierce partie. E si nul issue mulure ne seit en vie, eyt le mort la moyte, e la femme en vie lautre moyte: E si le heir ou les heirs seit ou seient dedenz le age de quinze anns seit la nouriture de eus bailie [p le Seyg.nur1*] al plus procheyn del sank, a ky heritage ne put dessendre, issi k le seygn' pur le bayl riens ne prenge; E k il ne seit marrie par le Seygnur mes par sa volunte demeygne e p le conseil de ses amis si il veut: E kant cel heir ou ceus heirs seyent de plener age de quinze anns, seient a eus lur teres e lur tene- menz liverez ensemblement od lour chatels e ove les en- pruemenz de celes teres outre lour renable sustenance ;

, j- T. kS MS. omit. * les T. and MSS.

, J- T. kj MSS. omit. 6 T. omits.

7 piece T. 8 leygne T. kj MSS.

i en ses mains T__en tieus mesuages en ceus mesouns

MS. Celt. 10 peies L.Ñpees T. U MSS.

" this is to be read Ô ou la pusnee faceÕ the Transposition being signified by the superior Letters * and b. L : T. (sf MSS. omit Ô la pusnee.Õ " de L.

11 T. omits. *Ç T. tit MSS. omit.

of Felony, withdraw him out of the Country, and j]y|nKfor be demanded in the County as he ought, and be after- c,cuwth ward outlawed, or put himself into the Holy Church, Forfeiture and abjure the Land and the Realm, the King shall have the Year and the Wast of his Lands and of all his Tenements, together with all his Goods and Chat.tels: So that after the Year and the Day, the next Lord or Lords shall have their Eschetes of those Lands and Tenements, every Lord that which is immediately holden of him. (a) And they claim also, that if any Te- nant in Gavelkinde die, and be an Inheritour of Lands plrtjbie. and Tenements in Gavelkinde, that all his Sons shall part that Inheritance by equal Portions. And if there be no Heir Male, let the Partition be made between the Females, even as between Brothers. And let the Mes- The Hearth suage also be departed between them, but the Hearth t0 the for Fire shall remain to the youngest Son or Daughter; youngeÈt. and be the Value thereof delivered to each of the Par.ceners of that Heritage, from xl. Feet from that Astre, if the Tenement will so suffer : And then let the eldest Brother have the first Choice, and the others afterward according to their Degree. Likewise of Houses which shall be found in such Messuages, let them be de.parted amongst the Heirs by equal Portions, that is to weete, by Foot if need be, saving the Covert of the Astre, which shall remain to the youngest Son or Daughter as is before said: So nevertheless that the youngest make reasonable Amends to his Parceners, for the Part which to them belongeth, by the Award of good Men : And of the aforesaid Tenements, whereof One Suit one only Suit was wont to be made before Time, be parccncrl; there not by reason of the Partition but one sole Suit made, as it was before accustomed: But yet let all the Contribution Parceners make Contribution to the Parcener which ,lÕcreon- maketh the Suit for them. In like Sort let the Goods Partition of Gavelkinde Persons be parted into Three Parts, after PÓ80"*'1' the Funerals and the Debts paid, if there be lawful deceased, issue on live: So that the Dead have one part, and his lawful Sons and Daughters another Part, and the Wife the Third Part. And if there be no lawful Issue on live, custody of let the Dead have the one Half and the Wife on live the ,tle Pj'!r other Half. And if the Heir or Heirs shall be under ^ * Õ

the Age of Fifteen Years, let the nourtriture of them be committed by the Lord to the next of the Blood to whom the Inheritance can not descend, So that the Lord take nothing for committing thereof; and let not the Marriage. Heir be married by the Lord but by his own Will, and by the Advice of his Friends, if he will: And when such Heir or Heirs shall come to the full Age of Fifteen Years, Full age. let their Lands and Tenements be delivered unto them, together with their Goods, and with theProfits of the same Lands remaining above their reasonable Sustenance ;

(a) Somner in his ÒTreatise of Gavelkind,Ó pa. 171, ( Edit.I 726.) gives the following Clause, with the Translation, to be inserted in this Place ; from an ancient Copy Ç registred in a quondam Book of St. Auguftine's Abbey at Canterbury," then in the Possession of Sir Roger Twysden.

E si home ou femme seit feloun de sei mesmes, qe il sey mesmes de gre se ocye, le Roy aura les chatteux tuts & nient 1* an ne le Wast, mes le heir seit tantost enherite sans contredit, kar tout seit il feloun de sey mesmes, il neyt my atteint de felonye.

And that this is one of the Customs of Kent,

And if a Man or Woman shall be a Felon of him or herself, who shall kill him or herself of his or her own accord, the King shall have all the Chattels, and not the Year and the Waste, but the Heir shall immediately inherit without Con.tradiction 5 for albeit he or she be a Felon of him or her sell, he or she is not attainted of Felony.

See Jtin. Kane. 55 Hen. III. Rat. 34 4.

VoL. I.

3 N


The WifeÕ. Dower of the One-half;

during her Widowhood, and while chaste, See.

Husband Tenant by the Courtesy of the one half.

While a Widower.

Escheat.

Surrender.

Proceedings upon the Custom of Gavelatc,

of the which Profits and Goods let him be bound to make answer which had the Education of the Heir, or else the Lord or his Heirs which committed the same Education : And this is to be understood that from such Time as those Heirs in Gavelkinde be of, or have passed, the Age of Fifteen Years, it is lawful for them, their Lands or Tenements, to give and sell at their Pleasure ; saving the Services to the chief Lords as is before said. And if any such Tenant in Gavelkinde die, and have a Wife that over liveth him, let that Wife by-and by be endowed of the the one Half of the Tenements whereof her Husband died vested and seized, by the Heirs, if they be of Age, or by the Lords if the Heirs be not of Age; so that she may have the one Half of those Lands and Tenements to hold so long as she keepeth her a Widow, [or shall be attainted of Childbirth,'] after the ancient Usage ; that is so say, that if when she is delivered of Child, the Infant be heard cry, and that the Hue and Cry be raised, and the Country be assembled, and have the View of the Child so bom, and of the Mother, then let her lose her Dower wholly, and otherwise not, so long as she holdeth her a Widow; whereof it is said in Kentish, Ò He that doth wende her, let him lende her.Ó And they claim also, that if a Man take a Wife which hath Inheritance of Gavelkinde, and the Wife dieth before him, let the Husband have the one Half of those Lands and Tenements whereof she died seised so long as he holdeth him a Widower, without doing any Strippc or Waste, or [Banishment,1] whether there were Issue between them or no: And if he take another Wife, let him lose all. And if any Tenement of Gavelkinde do Escheat, and that Escheat be to any Lord which holdeth by Fee of Hawberke, or by Ser- jeancie, by Death or by Gavelate as is hereafter said, or be to him rendred by his Tenant which before held it of him by quiteclaim thereof made, or if his Escheat be by Gavelate as is hereafter said, let this Land remain to the Heirs unpartable: And this is to be understood where the Tenant so rendering doth retain no Service to himself, but saveth nevertheless to the other Lords their Fees, Ferns, and the Rents wherewith the afore.said Tenements of Gavelkind, so rendred, were before charged, by him or them which might charge them. And they claim also, that if any Tenant in Gavelkinde withhold his Rent and his Services of the Tenement which he holdeth of his Lord, let the Lord seek by the Award of his Court [from Three Weeks to Three Weeks, to find3] some Distress |ipon that Tenement until the Fourth Court, always with Witnesses: And if within that Time he can find no Distress in that Tenement, whereby he may have Justice of his Tenant, then at the Fourth Court let it be awarded, that he shall take that Tenement into his Hand, in the Name of a Distress, as if it wete an Ox or a Cow, and let him keep it a Year and a Day in his Hand without manuring it; within which Term if the Tenant come

and ¥without Child ; of Childbirth the shall be attainted Õ DntrutUon 3 balden from three Weeks to three Weeks

de quel enprouement e chatels seit tenu a re- spoundre celi k [de li'] avera [la1] noriture, [ou>] le seygnur [ou ses heirs k4] cele noriture avera bailie: E ce fet asaver k del houre k tels heirs de Gavelikende [seient ou ount3] passe le age de quinze auns, List a eus lour teres e lour tenemenz doner [e6] vendre a lour volunte, sauve les servises [des chefs7] seygnurages cum il est devant dist. Et si nul tel tenant en Gavelikende meurt, e eyt femme k li sur.vive, seit cele feme meyntenant dowe [de la moyte de touz les tenemenz8] dunt sun barun morust [vestu e *] seisi, p les heirs si il seyent de age, ou p les seyg. nurs si les heirs ne seient pas de age; issi k ele eyt la moyte de celes teres e tenemena [a tenir "] tant cu ele se tient veue ou [de enfanter"] seit ateynt p le auntien usage; ce est asaver k quant ele enfante, e le Enfant seit oy crier e [k le hu e '*] le cri seit leve e le pays [ensemble'3] e eyent vewe del enfant [ensi enfante *4] e de la mere, aduk pde sun doweyre [en- terement,'3 ] e autrement nyent [tant cu ele se tient veue;'6] dount il est dist en Kenteys [Se )>at his wende, se his lende.'7 ] E cleyment ausi k [si '*] home k prent feme k eyt heritage de Gavelikende e la femme meurge avant li, eyt le barun la moyte de celes teres [e'51] tenemena tant cu il se tient vevers, dunt [ele'"] morust seysie sanz estrepemet ou Wast ou exil fere, le quel k il y eit heir entre eus ou noun. E sil prent femme trestout pde. E si nul tenement [de11] Ga.velikende eschete [& Ò] ceo escheite seit a nul seignur k [tyene *!] p fee de Hauberk ou p serjantie [p mort ou p Gavelate sicome il est suthdite, ou li11] seit rendu de son tenant k de li avant la tient p [quite- clance*3] de ceo fete, ou seit sa Eschete p Gavelate si cum il est desuthdist, remeyne cele tere as heirs [nounptable.16] E ceo fet asaver la ou le tenant ensi rendant, nul servise retient devers sey, [sauve neque- dent as autres seignurages, fees, fermes, e les rentes dunt les avantdites tenemena de Gavelikende ensi ren- duz avant furet chargees p ceus ou p celi k charger les poeyent ou poeyt.17] E cleyment ausi k si nul tenant en Gavelikende [retyene '*] sa rente [e ÕÕ] sun service del tenement k il tient de sun seygnur, querge le Seignur p agard de sa court de treis simeynes en treys simeynes [tenue, destresse JQ] sur [cel tenemet3'] tant k a la quarte court a tote feth (!Ô) tesmoynage. E si dedenz cel tens ne trusse destresse en cel tene- met p quey il pusse sun tenant Justiser, duk a la quarte court seit agarde k il prenge cel tenemet en sa mayn, en noun de destresse ausi cum boef ou vache, e le tyene un an & un jour en sa meyn sanz meyno- verir, dedenz quel terme si le tenant vient e rent ses

* luy T. lit MSS. * en T. IS MSS. > au qui T.

* et ses heyres T. 3 averont T. Isf MSS. 6 ou T.

7 au chefz L.Ña lour T. * dez tenementz T.ISMSS.

* T. & MSS. omit. IO et tiendra T.

" desenfantee. De enfant T. 11 T. IS MSS. omit.

,3 se assemble MS. Cot/.

14 13 16 T. IS MSS. omit.

17 fe yar pip penbe fe Jjip lenbf.L.ÑHie J>at hys Wydue, hie his leuedi MS. Cott. The IVord Hie in both Placet on an Erasure.ÑSchoe yat his Wydue so his leuedy Lib. Horn. ÑSey is wedue, Sey is leuedue T.

18 L. T. IS MSS. omit. 15 ou T. Ò il L.

11 en T. Ò T. omits. 18 T. lit MSS. omit.

** a luy T.Ñou luy MS. Cott.

13 quite clamauce L. '6 impartible L.

v T. hf MSS. omit these Sentences.

18 ne reteine T. ¥È ou T. IS MSS.

50 truue destresse L. de trover Distresse Les TermesdelaLeji tit. Gavelet, cels distresses T. IS MSS.

¥' le tenant T. IS MSS. >¥ per L. T. IS MSS.


'IÕ1'1 eTlprouemfflt e * ,

*¡šdÈÇ*k[deBn d*i"*n

T tCnemeMf] dum sun bsj 4,1

eÕl p kt heirs **>

e e se tient veu$ Ñ n - l T

: ou

***:.

aumirn usage, ce Çt Wven qimi ^ , kEn&ntwtoy crier e [kfc *

e .' PÈ7* [ensemble1*] * eyw enfjnte]'dels mere, adn^cacJ

terement,Õ1] e autremem nymi [on, ^

wende, sc his lende.ÕÕ] Edtpa^jJ

[tdeGwi arun la m

*Ò d se oent tcws, faiV morust seysie saw estrepemet ou WastouaJ^ quel t il y eit heir entre eus ( femme trestout pde. E si nul

Ñ j & ticymou aastfj*;^

1 prtm feme * eyt heri&ge de Gndikai(w meurgeavant li, eyt fcbw b^

Lc J ,cnemnu tant cii il se dent mm kn.

eus ou noun

w Ñ ÈÇjviuutt yj jj

velikende esthete [&Ò] ceo eschew bi^ k [tyene Ó] p fee de Hauberk ou piejuj, ou p Gavelate sicome il tst suthdhe, oii'je rendu de son tenant t de li avant la ties j B danceÓ] de ceo fete, ou sat saI

cum il est desuthdist, remeyne tele tot n [nounptable.*] E ceo fet asaver la ou It sis rendant, nul servise retient devers sey, [saut a dent as autres seignurages, fees, foists,! Is a dunt les avantdites tenemena deGavelibts: dua avant furet chargees p ceus mpfalfy les poeyent ou poeyt.17] E deyment asshi tenant en Gavelikende [retyene ^ a 10*^1 service del tenement k il tient de sun St'S.* le Seignur p agard de sa court de ws m- treys simeynes [tenue, destresse*] sur [ctltae tant k a la quarte court a tote fab f) bo E si dedena cel tens ne trusse destresse ads met p quey il pusse sun tenant Juitiser, duktk* court seit agarde k ilprenge cel teaesnSasf en noun de destresse ausi cum boef ou nl le tyene un an & un jour en a ** verir, dedena quel tenne si le tenant Ç*eÇt

¥luy T.VMSS.

¥ et sei herres T. Ônerom l

11 desenfantee. De enfant T.

<) je assemble MS. Crtt. u u .* T. V MSS. omit. ,H

1: rt k,t hip pent# fc P*P ^ jC. hie L leuedi MS. Colt.

_Scv is sredue, Sey is )¥*Ç T. ... Com Kane.

..Lt.umss.^^

U ªuy TÑou fayMS- ¡*L *flps*Ô

'Ò"ZLi.*ÓÓ1*"'''''

È. truue destresse i.

W.GesWrf. celsd.^ .

11 |e tenant T. MSS-

arerages, e fet renables amendes de la [detenue,' ] adunk eyt e joysse sun tenement si cu ses auncestres [e li avant le Õ J tindrent. E si il ne vient mie [devant * ] le an e le jour passe, dunk [auge4] le seygnur al pcheyn Counte suant, ove tesmoynage de sa court, e face la pnuntier cel proces pur tesmoynage aver. E p agard de sa Court apres cel [coute*] tenue, entra e meynovera en celes teres e tenement si cu en sun demeyne. E si le tenant vient apres e voile ceus te- nemenz reaver e tenir sicum il fist avant, face gre al seignur sicu il est auntienemet dist [en kenteys6] [Neghesijie yelde, and Neghesipe gelde, and vif pund for pe Were, her he bicome healdere :7] [ * hoc est no- vies arreragia solvere et novies arreragia deaurare et centu solid p detentione redditus antequam tenemetii reheat, &c.*] [9 Ausi il cleyment k nul home deit ser-

ment sur livre fere par destresse9] ne p poer de Seign' ne de (Ô¡) bailliis encountre sa volunte sanz bref le Rey, (") si noun pur feaute fere a sun Seignur : Mes k p devant Corouner ou autre Ministres le Rey [k real poer eyent de enquere de trespas fete encountre la Coroune nre Seignur le Rey.11] E cleyment ausi k chescun Kenteys puet autre essoygnier (") en la Court le Rey, en counte, en Hundrez, e en la Court sun seig.nur la ou essoigne gist ausi bien de comune sute cu de (u) play. Estre ceo il cleyment p especial fet le Rey Henri [fiz le Rey Johan ' Õ] k des tenemenz k sunt tenuz en Gavelikende ne seit prise [battaille ne ,6] grant assise p douze chivalcrs sicu aillurs est prise en le realme; Ceo est asaver la ou le tenant e le demandant tyenent p Gavelikende. [Mes '7] en leu de ces grantes assises seyent prises Jurrees p douze homes tenanz [en '*] Gavelikende; issi k quati e tenanz de Gavelikende elisent douze tenanz de Gavelikende Jurreurs. E la chartre le Rey [de cest ,9] especialte [fust bailie 7¡] en la garde Sire Johan [de Northewode"] le jour seynt [Elfegh Ò] en Cantcrbire, le an [le Rey Edward le fiz le Rey Henri vinteprimer1J] [ en le Eyre Sire

Johan de Bcrewyk.14] (a) [Expliciunt11 ] les usages, [e les franchises,,6J de Gavelikende, e des Gaveliken- deys en Kent, k furet devat le coqste ('7).

' dette T. W MSS. * les T. W MSS.

Õ dedeyns T. (J MSS. * eyt T. aile MSS.

Õ court T. & MSS. 6 T. (J MSS. omit.

7 Neighe sithe yeld, Neighe sithe gelt, And yef you for ye were, Tha is he holder T.ÑNeghe sythe gelt, nyghe sythe ycld, and vif pound for te were, ban his he helderc. MS. Cut: Lib. Horn.

8 L.T. (sÕ MSS. omit these Sentences. But See /tin. Kane.

11 Eilw. I. Rot. 23 j accord. È 7. W MSS. omit.

¥¡ ses MS. Cott: IJb. Horn.

11 ne soil mis a serement T. ii MSS.

11 T. fa* MSS. omit this Sentence. 17 a seigniour T.

14 commun T. (i MSS.

ÔÔ perc le Rey Edward T. W MSS.Ñpere le Roy Edward, que ore est, que dieu Garde, L. ' ,6 T. (3 MSS. omit.

'7 T. W MSS. omit. ''pT.faf MSS.

Õ¥> del T. if MSS. Ò est L. fust T. it MSS.

Ò Norward T. de Norwode L. 11 Elphe T. fa* MSS.

,J du reigne le Rey Edward xxi. T. The Manuscripts all end here. ** L. omits,

15 Ces son; L. >6 L. omits.

*7 e en le Conquest, e totes houres jeskes en ca L.

and pay his Arrerages, and make reasonable Amends for the withholding, then let him have and enjoy his Tenement, as his Ancestors and he before held it.

And if he do not come before the Year and the Day past, then let the Lord go to the next County Court with the Witnesses of his own Court, and pronounce there this Process to have further witness. And by the Award of his Court, after that County Court holden, he shall enter, and manure in those Lands and Te.nements, as in his own Demeans. And if the Tenant come afterward, and will re-have his Tenements, and hold them as he did before, let him make Agreement with the Lord, according as it is anciently said :

Nej De fype pelbe, anb ne; De fyjÕ ;elbe: ant> pip ponb pop J>e pepe, ep De bicome Deal&ep. (1)

Also they claim, that no Man ought lo make an Oath 0ÈthÇ. upon a Book, neither by Distress, nor by the Power of the Lord nor his Bailiff, against his Will, without the Writ of the King, unless it be for Fealty to be done to his Lord, but only before the Coroner, or such other Minister of the King, as hath Royal Power to enquire of Trespass committed against the Crown of our Lord the King. And they claim also, that every Essoini. Kentish Man may essoin another,, either in the KingÕs Court or in the County, or in the Hundred, or in the Court of his Lord, where Essoin lieth, and that as well in case of common Suit as of (Õ) Plea. Moreover they claim by an especial Deed of King Henry [the Third,

Father of King Edward which now is, whom God save,J ] that of the Tenements which are holden in Gavelkinde, there shall no Battail be joined, nor Grand N¡

J ^ nor Grand

Assise taken by Twelve Knights, as it is used in other Assise in Places of the Realm ; this is to weet, where the Tenant Lands, and Demandant hold by Gavelkinde: But in place of these Grand Assises, let Juries be taken by Twelve Men, being Tenants in Gavelkinde, so that Four Tenants of Gavelkinde choose Twelve Tenants of Gavelkinde to be Jurors. And the Charter of the King of this Espe.cially [is in4] the Custody of Sir John of Norwood, the Day of S. Alphey, in Canterbury, the Year of King Edward, the Son of King Henry, the Twenty-first.

These be the Usages of Gavelkinde, and of Gavelkinde- Men in Kent, which were before the Conquest, and at the Conquest, and ever since till now.

Ô That is. Let him nine Timet fay. and nine Timet repay the Arreart, and Five founds for the detention of the Rent, before he shall have hit Tenement again.

1 common

4 -wat delivered into

1 Son of King John

(a) Ex Rot. Claus. 16 Hen. III. ns. 14.

Rex cocessit p carta sua, p se & tledibj suis, Wibj de Com Kane, qd de tenemtis q tenet' in Gavelkind in eod Com, de ceSo non teneant' magne Assise p xij Milites, sic alibi capiunt' in regno nro ; Sj loco magnaj Assisa^ illap capiant' Jurate p xij holes tefites in Gavelikynd, in forma & eisde locis sedm qd Magne Assise p'us inde capiebant'; Ita qd iiij¡' tenetes in Gavelikinde eligant xij tenetes in Gavelilc inde Juratores, sic iiijÒ' Milites elig ysuevert xij Milites in Magna Assisa. Et si forte gtingat, qd pdei xij Juratores ^vinci debeant, pvincat' p xxiiij¡' Milites de code Com, & infra eunde Com cora Justic nris itiSantibj in

adventu co^. Et mand est Vic Kane qd j5dca Carta in Com suo legi U firmi? tenli faciat sedm qd Carta ilia cotinet. T. ut s*. [R. ap Westm xj die Febr.]

Ex Rot. Claus. 17 Hen. III. m. 17.

Rex cocessit pbis hoibj de Com Kane qd loco magna^ Ass q capi cosueverut p xij Milites de ten qd tenet' i Ga- velikind & in? Gavelikindeis ; de ce?o capiant' Jurate p xij hoie3 Gavelikindes sic pleniš cotinet' i Carta qua Rex eis inde fT fet. Et mand est Vic Kane, qd ^dcam Carta i pleno Coin suo legi fac k tefli. T. ut s*. [If ip Westm vij die Nov.]

Gavilikindeis de Kane.

Go gJe

Wardship of Heir of the KingÕs Tenant in Chief.

Marriage of Heir of the KingÕs Tenant.

Primer Seisin of Land of the KingÕs Tenant.

Assignment of Dower to Widows of KingÕs Tenants.

Of their Marriage.

Marriage of Heiresses.

Homage for Lands, holden of the King, descending to Coparceners.

Wardship of Women married under Age.

( m )

#rerogatttm &egt0.

Of THE KINGÕS PREROGATIVE*

OUR Lord the King shall have the Ward of all the Lands of such as hold of him in chief by KnightÕs Service, whereof the Tenants were seised in their Demesne as of Fee, at the Day of their Death, of whomsoever they hold else by like Service, so that they held [of ancient Time any Land of the Crown,'] until the Heir come to his lawful Age ; except the Fees of the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bishop of Durham be.tween Tyne and Tees, and Fees of Earls and Barons (') in the Marches, where the KingÕs Writs do not lie; and whereof the said Archbishops, Bishops, Earls, and Barons ought to have such Wards, though they held of the King in some other place.

Also the King shall have Marriage of an Heir being within Age and in his Ward, whether the Land of such Heir have appertained to the Crown of antient conti.nuance, or that it came by reason of Escheat being in the KingÕs Hands, or that he had the Marriage by reason of the Ward (J) of the Lords of such Heirs, without any respedl to the Priority of Feoffment, albeit they held of others.

Also the King shall have Primer Seisin, after the Death of such as held of him in Chief, of all Lands and Tenements whereof they were seised in their De.mesne as of Fee, of what Age that their Heirs be; taking the Issues of the same Lands and Tenements, until Inquisition be made as the Manner is, and until he hath taken Homage of such Heir.

Also he shall assign to Widows after the Death of their Husbands, that held of him i t Chief, the Dower that to them belongeth, [&c.] though the Heir be of full Age, if the Widows will: And such Widows, before Assignment of their Dower, shall swear that they shall not marry themselves without the KingÕs Licence, whether the Heirs be of full Age or not. And if they marry without (4) Licence, then the King shall take into his Hands by way of Distress all such Lands and Tenements as they hold of him in Dower, until he be satisfied at his own Will, so that [she5] shall take nothing of the Issues, &c. for by such Distresses they and their Husbands must fine at his Will: And his Will in the Time of King Henry, Father of King Edward, was esteemed to the one YearÕs Value of her Dower, unless they had the greater Favour.

Women that hold of the King in Chief any Inheritance, of whatsoever Age they be, shall swear likewise that they shall not marry themselves without the KingÕs Licence ; and if they do, their Lands and Tenements shall be taken in like Manner into the KingÕs Hands, until they have satisfied at the King's Will.

And if one Inheritance that is holden of the King in Chief, descend to many Parceners, then all the Heirs shall do Homage to the King ; and the same Inheritance so holden of the King shall be divided amongst those Heirs; so that every of them after shall hold their part of the King.

If a Woman, before the Death of her Ancestor that held of the King in chief, be married before she be mar.riageable, then the King shall have the Ward of the Body of the same Woman until she be of Age able to consent; and then she may chuse whether she will have him to whom she was first married, or him that the King will offer her.

1 of the King, any Tenement of old holden of the Crown,

1 of the Marches 1 of the hands

. the King's 5 neither the King, norths IVoman

Ex MS. Colt. Claud. D. II. fo. 221, b. j

DOMINUS Rex Bebit custodiam olm ?rap eorum

qui de ipo tenent in capite p sviciu militare, de D i t quiby ipi tenentes fuerunt seisiti, in dnico suo ut de R feodo die quo obierunt de quocumq, tenuerut p Bui9 Õsviciu, dum tamen ipi tenuerunt de Rege aliq'd ten ab antiquo de corona, usq, ad legitimam etatem hedum; exceptis feodis Archiepi Cant, Epi Dunotm in? Tyne et These, & feodis Com & Baronum de marchia, in marchia ubi bria Regis non cÕrunt, et unde pdiffi Archiepus, Epus, Comites, et Barones, Sent hu- jusmodi custodias, licet alibi tenuerunt de Rege. f Rex het maritagiu Bedu, infra etatem & in cus- todia sua existenciu, sive tre heredum prediftop sint ab antiquo de corona, sive de escaetis que sunt in rnanu dhi Regis, sive Buerit maritagiu rone custodie trap dnop eopdem Bedum, nullo hito respedtu quo.ad prioritatem feoffamenti, licet de aliis tenuerint.

[Item Bent'] p'mam seisinani, post mortem eorum qui de eo tenent in capite, de omib} ?ris & ten de quiby ipi fuerint seisiti in dnico suo ut de feodo, cu- juscumq, etatis Bedes ipo£ fuerint, capiendo omnes exitus eojsdem 'trap & ten, donee fafta fuerit inqui- sicio, put moris est, & cepit homagiu huei hedis.

Item assignabit viduis post morte virop suop, qui de eo tenent in capite, dotem suam que eas contingit, licet Bedes fuerint plene etatis, si vidue voluerint; & vidue ille ante pdcam assignacoem dotis, [sue'] pdifti Bedes fuerint plene etatis vel infra etatem, jurabunt qd non maritabunt se sine licencia Regis, (J) tunc Rex capiet in manu suam [districciones loco &'] omnes eras & ten que de eo tenent in dotem donee satisfec*int ad voluntate Regis ; [5 Ita qd, [Rex vel ipa mulier nichil6] capiat de exitibj, &c. [quousq7] hujus- modi mulieres, p hujusmodi districciones, seu viri eap finem faciant Regi ad voluntatem Regis ;*] & ilia volutas tempore Jk H. pfis [i E. estimari consuevit ad va- lenciam p?di£le dotis p unu annu ad plus, nisi ufeiorem gram Buerint: mulieres eciam que de Rege tenent in capite Beditatem aliquam, jurabunt simili?, cujuscumq, fuerint etatis, qd non maritabunt sesine licencia Regis; & si fe<?int, t re & ten ipap eodem modo capiant' in manu dni Regis quousq, satisfe?int ad voluntatem dni Regis: si una Beditas, que tenetÕ de Rege in capite, descendat participib3, tunc omnes illi Bedes faciunt homagiu Regi,

& ilia Beditas que tenetÕ de Rege participabitÕ in? hedes illos. ^ [9 Ita qd [quilibet eorum 'Ò] extunc partem suam tenebit ex Rege:"] (") si mulier ante morte antecessoris sui, qui de Rege tenet in capite, ante annos nubiles maritata fuerit, tunc Rex Bebit custodiam cor.poris ipius mulieris, usep ad etate qd consentire possit;

& tunc eligat ipa utrum maluerit habere in virum ilium cui primo maritata fuerit, vel aliu quem ei optulerit.

Õ Itm Bebit MS. Cott. Rex habeat MS. Harl.

1 sive MS. Cott.

1 Et si se maritavint sine licecia Reg, MS. Harl. Et si fecint, MS. Cott:

4 note districcois MS. Harl.Ñloco districcois MS. Cott.

JÑ* MS. Harl. omits.

6 f nec Rex, nec mulier ilia, aliquid MS. Cott.

\ ipsa mulier nihil Printed Copies.

1 sy qd MS. Cott : quia Printed Copies.

f In MS. Cott i MS. Hart, and the Old Printed Copies thi.

I Sentence is given as part of the preceding Chapter.

lo quelibet eap MS. Cott. 11 Item MS. Cott.

I 1

* This is inserted in all the Printed Copies as a Statute of ty Edw. II: The Copy from MS. Cott. Claud. D. II- was printed by Cay; the Various Readings marked MS. Cott. and MS. Harl. are from a Cotton Manuscript, Appendix XVr, fo. 8.5. and a Harleian MS. No. 947.


Ma Uejjg

1 prerogative..

Temp. Inert-

Prerogativa Regis.

226

n&

ch

Iti-

in

b7

eit

he

ids

)e-

e*

itil

of

ter

of

W.

¥ut

5>s

ot.

"g

ch

w.

all

ses

nd

n?

ICT

:e,

<7

e;

be

cy

In

rs

ce

<e

it

at

r

ie

:o

II

1!

¥£* AfS, Cj// Cl. j

S'1* de ipo tenm.. cus,¡dani otš L

I00 obierunt de ouT!Õ * ^š*t

Sv,aii> dumumenisj;^^, lb ^tiquo de corona

" ^ & feodis Cog fc

,n narchia ubi bHl R . ^4^

f Rex her m ¥ ¥ ^bl 1 net maritanfl hedu *&, * *1

"* È ÇÇÇÈÒ'^

ab antimw, a hsrt<i"š Ç*-

antiquo de corona, sivt de

nunu

voj.

IX.

Xj.

0 - dm Regis, Çive huerit'^STi'

tra? dno? Ç?dem tiedum.r"^ *

Xlj.

j , ; ¥ Ñm o taw

ad pnomatem feoffamenn, fe, dt T* f [Item hem'] p'mam sdsinam, pÇ *

qu. de ã tenentm 05Ae.de

q>Òbyipi fuennt seisiti in dnico aio u ^ u juscumq, etari, tiedes iji^ fuerint, >

exl,uÔ ÒMš?^&ten, donee hit* sjcio, put more est, & cepit homagiii Wife 1 Item assignabit viduis post monf rinj cj de eo tenent in capite, dotem sum ^ a ^ licet hedes fuerint plene etatis, si ridue raer vidue ille ante p>dcam assignacoemdoa, [Ç.>' hedes fuerint plene etatis vel infra etatm, qd non maritabunt se sine licenda Regs, Rex capiet in manii suatn [disiricdetts (xf omnes eras & ten que de eo tenent in task satisfecint ad voluntatc Regis; [ÔItaqd,[taxi mulier nichil Ô] capiat de exiribj, &c. [quoa^'fe modi mulieres, p hujusmodi districciones, sen^is finem faciant Regi ad voluntatem Regis jÕJiiiiw tempore {i H. pris {1 E. estimari cotsMii lenciam pdide dotis p unu annu ad pins, side gram huerint: mulieres edara quede R^e bii capite heditatem aliquam, jurabunt siinfft, o^Ç fuerint etatis, qd non maritabunt sesine faulf si fePint, fre Sc ten ipaj eodem modo capiat is dni Regis quousq, satisfecint advolnntstanfib si una heditas, que tenet' de Rege in aft Ç participibx, tunc omnes illi hedes fariunt IvEsr-i- & ilia heditas que tenet' de Rege p>Wf*** illos. f [Mu qd [quilibet eorum"] enatr suam tenebitex Rege:"] (Ò) Ç_.*ÇÈ antecessoris sui, qui dc Rege tenet in opae.**-- nubiles marinta fuerit, tunc Rex beta poris ipius mulieris, usq, ad cate qd cšš* It tunc eligat ipa utrum maluerit cui prime mariuta fuerit, vel aliu quern

. Hm debit MS. Cm. Rexhabat^^

1 sire MS. Celt . . nj HIS* 1

j pj si se mariÈªt anc 'lc£CU

fecint, MS.CM- ã , lotodisuictbisJlj^

* noie districSu MS. c

1__. MS. Harl. omits. -j uUk

¥WMssSiL'

,,A-Ô£.*5aS#r

X11J.

X1UJ.

xvj.

f Ntt9 qui tenet (ic ,n capite, p sviciu milifare, po?it alienare majorem partem ?rap suap, ita qd residuu non sufficiat ad faciend inde Sviciu, sine licencia Regps ; set hoc non consuevit intelligi de meinbris & ptidis trap eapdem. De sjantiis alienatis sine licencia Regis consuevit Rex arentare hu9i sjantias p ronabilem exten- tam inde faciend. ^ De ecctiis vacantibj, quap ad- vocaciones spedant ad Regem, & alii pÕsentavint ad easdem, ita qd contencio in? dnm Regent & alios oriat': Si Rex p consideracbem (1) psentacoem suam recupavit, licet post lapsum temporis sex mensium a tem.pore vacacionis, nullu c'rit ei tempus, dum tamen Rex p*senta$it infra [pÕddm Õ] tempus sex mensiu. qj- Rex bet custodiain t'ra^ fatuojj nat'aliu, capiendo exitus eajsdem sine vasto & destruccione, & inveniet eis necessaria sua, de cujuscutnq, feodo tre ille fuerint, Sc post mortem eorum reddat eas re&is fiedibj, ita qd nulla- ten9 p eosdent fatuos alienent1 vel eorum tiedes exhedent'. q[ Item habet providere q*ndo aliquis qui prius tiuit memoriam & intellectum, non fuerit compos mentis sue, sicut quidam sunt p lucida in?valla j qd tre & ten eo^de salvo custodiant', sine vasto & destruc.cione, & qd ipe £c familia sua de exitibj easdem vivant & sustineantr competen?, & residuum ultra sustentacionem eorumdem ronabilem custodial ad opus ipo^, liband eis quando memoriam recupave- rint; Ita qd p'dide ?re & ten, infra p'dcm tempus, non alienent'; Nec Rex de exitibj aliq'd pcipiat ad opus suu, Sc si obierit tali statu, tunc illud residuum distribuat' p anima ejusdem, p consiliu ordinariop. q[ Item habet Waredum mans p totum regnu, Wallenas et sturgiones captos in inari vel alibi infra regnu, exceptis quibusdam locis privilegiatis p Reges.

Item bet escaetas de ?r Normannojt, de cujuscumq, feodo fuerint, salvo svicio quod ptinet ad capitales duos feodi illius; Sc hoc simili? intelligendum est si aliqua beditas descendat alicui nato in partibj t'nsmar, [Õcujus antecessores fuerint ad fidem Regis Franc [ut4] tempe Regis Johis, Sc non ad fidem Regis Angf,!] sicut contingit de Baronia Monemuth post mortem Johis de Monemuta cujus hedes fuint [in5] Britannia & alibi de feodis alio^ recupavit Rex Henr plures escaetas de tris Normannop occbne pdida Sc eas contulit tenend de capitalibj dnis, p svicia inde debita & consueta.

Quando aliquis qui tenet de Rege in capite in fata decedit, & heres ejus ingrediat' ten, quod antecessor ejus tenuit de Rege die quo obiit, anteq'm (Õ) homagium Regi,

Sc seisinam suam recepit p Regem, tunc nullu ei accrescit libum ten; & si obierit seisitus p idem tempus ux ejus non hebit dotem de ten illo; sicut contingit de Matitt fil Com Hereford, uxe Anselmi [Marescalli *] qui post mortem With [Com9] Marescalli Angt, ffis sui, cepit seiam Castri & man!ii de Strogitt & obiii in eodem Castro anteqÕm intrasset p Regem, Sc fecisset ei ho- magiii, 8c unde consideratum fuit qd ipa non haberet dotem, eo qd vir ejus non intravit p Regem, imo p intrusunem ; set hoc non intelligit' de [escaetis "'] 8c pvis tenuris. Ifm habet escaetas de ?ris litie

tenendum Archiejiop, EJSojs, qÕndo ipi tenentes damp- nati sum, p felonia fada tempore vacacionis, dum temporalia eojjdc fuerunt in manu dni Regis, con- ferend cui voluerit imppni, salvo svicio quod ad Pre- latos inde ptinet.

1 Cuf MS. act: MS. Harl.

1 MS. Harl & Printed Copies omit.

!Ñ5 qui no fuerit ad fidem Regis MS. Cott.

4 de MS. Harl. Ô de MS Harl.

7 fecerit Printed Copies. * Senescatt MS. Cott.

i InterlinedÑMSS. Cott. <5* Hart, and Printed Copies omit.

10 socagio MS. Harl: Printed Copies.Ñsocagiis MS. Cott.

Alienation of Land.

holden in Chief.

Alienation of Serjeant iei.

The Cuitnd of L. and* Idiots.

rr

Of Land* of

Lunatickt.

None that holdeth of the King in chief by Knight's Service, may alien the more part of his Lands, so that the Residue thereof be not sufficient to do his Service, except he have the KiugÕs Licence ; but this may not be understood of Members and Parcels of such Lands.

Of Serjeanties aliened without the King's Licence, the King hath used to rate such Serjeanties at a reasonable Extent thereof to be made.

Of Churches being vacant, the Advowsons whereof The King a belong to the King, and other present to the same, where- upon debate ariseth between the King and other: If the churcbea. King by Award of the Court do recover his Presen.tation, though it be after the lapse of Six Months from the Time of the Avoidance, no Time shall prejudice him, so that he present within the Space of Six Months.

The King shall have the Custody of the Lands of natural Fools, talcing the Profits of them without Waste or Destrudion, and shall find them their Necessaries, of whose Fee soever the Lands be holden ; and after the Death of such Idiots he shall render [if] to the right Heirs, so that such Idiots shall not aliene, nor their Heirs shall be disinherited.

Also the King shall provide, when any, that before- time hath had his Wit and Memory happen to foil of his Wit, as there are many [per lucida intervalla,1] that their Lands and Tenements shall be safely kept without Waste and Destru&ion, and that they and their Houshold shall live and be maintained competently with the Pro.fits of the same, and the Residue besides their Susten- tation shall be kept to their Use, to be delivered unto them when they come to right Mind ; so that 9uch Lands and Tenements shall in no wise (') be aliened; and the King shall take nothing (4) to his own Use. And if the Party die in such Estate, then the Residue shall be distributed for his Soul by the Advice of the Ordinary.

Also the King shall have Wreck of the Sea through.out the Realm, Whales and [great SturgeonsÕ] taken in the Sea or elsewhere within the Realm, except in certain Places privileged by the King.

Also the King shall have Escheats of the Lands of Normans, to whose Fee soever they belong, saving the Service appertaining to the chief Lords of the same Fee;

And this also is to be understood where any Inheritance descendeth to any that is born in the Parts beyond the Sea, whose Ancestors were from the Time of King John under the Allegiance of the Kings of France, and not of the Kings of England, as late it happened by the Barony of Monmouth, after the Death of John de Monmouth, whose Heirs were of Britain, and (*) other Places, King Henry by the foresaid Occasion recovered many Escheats of Normans Lands out of the Fees of other Men, and gave them to be holden of the chief Lords of the Fee, by Services due and accustomed thereunto.

When any that holdeth of the King in chief dieth, and his Heir entereth into the Land that his Ancestor held of the King the day that he died, before that he hath done Homage to the King, and received Seisin of the King, he shall gain no Freehold thereby ; and if he die seised during that Time, his Wife shall not be endowed of the same Land ; as it came in use by Maud, daughter to the Earl of Hereford, Wife to [Maunsel Õ] the Marshal, which after the Death of William Earl Marshal of Eng.land his Brother, took his Seisin of the Castle and Manor of Scrogoil, and died in the same Castle, before he had entered by the King, and before he had done Homage to him ; whereupon it was agreed that his Wife should not be endowed, because that her Husband had not entered by the King, but rather by Intrusion: how- beit [the Statute doth not meanÕ] of Socage and other small Tenures.

Also the King shall have Escheats of Lands of the Freeholders of Archbishops and Bishops, when such Tenants be attainted for Felony (Õ) in time of Vacation, while their Temporalties were in the KingÕs Hands, to give at his Pleasure, [saving to such Prelates the Ser.vice that thereto is due and accustomed.,c]

Wreck of the Sea, Whales and Sturgeons.

Escheats of Lands descended to Aliens.

Intrusion of the KingÕs Tenant befote Homage.

Escheats of Felons during the Vacancy of Gishopricks.

J within the aforesaid time Sturgeons

1 the same 1 with lurid Intervals 4 of the Projits

6 in ' Anselm

4 this is not to he understood *' stone

'¡ for ever ; Saving the Service which it therefore due to the Prelates.


TemP-Inctrt.

W

Prerogative, Regis.

Const rufiion of Grants of Lands by the King.

The Linds and Goods of Felons attainted.

Customs of Gloucester and Kent.

When our Lord the King giveth or granteth Land or a Manor with the Appurtenances, without he make ex.press mention in his Deed or Writing of KnightÕs Fees, Advowsons of Churches, and Dowers when they fall, belonging to such Manor or Land, then at this Day the King reserveth to himself such Fees, Advowsons, and Dowers, albeit that among other Persons it hath been observed otherwise.

Also the King shall have the Goods of all Felons at.tainted, and Fugitives wheresoever they be found. And if they have Freehold, then it shall be forthwith taken into the KingÕs Hands, and the King shall have all Pro.fits of the same by one Year and one Day, and the Land shall be wasted and destroyed in the Houses, Woods, and Gardens, and in all manner of Things belonging to the same Land, excepting Men of certain Places pri.vileged by the King therefore. And after our Lord the King hath had the Year, Day, and Waste, then the Land shall be restored to the chief Lord of the same Fee, unless that he fine before with the King for the Year, the Day, and the Waste. Nevertheless it is used in the County of Gloucester by Custom, that after one Year and one Day, the Lands and Tenements of Felons shall revert and be restored to the next Heir, to whom [it'] ought to have descended if the Felony had not been done. And in Kent, in Gavelkind, Ò The Father to the Bough, the Son to the Plough,Ó (Ò) there all Heirs Male shall divide their Inheritance, and likewise Women ; but Women shall not make Partition with Men. And a Woman after the Death of her Husband shall be en.dowed of the Moiety; and if she commit Fornication in her Widowhood, or take an Husband after, she shall lose her (3) Dower.

1 they x and 3 whole

f Quando Diis Rex dat vel concedit aliquod marJium vel tram cum ptin, nisi faciat in carta sua vel sc'pto ex. p>ssam mencionem de feodis militum, advocacoibj ec- ctiap, & dotibj, cum acciderint, ad p>di&a manlium vel tram ptinentib}, tunc hiis diebus Rex reservat sibi eadem feoda, advocaciones, cum dotib3; licet in? alias psonas ali? fuerit obvsvatum. Item Rex (') omia catalla dampnatop felonum & fugitivojj, ubicumq, inventa fuerint, &. (*) ipi fteant libum ten, tunc illud stadm capiat' in manu Regis, & Rex hebit omes exit9 ejusdem p unum annu et unum diem, & ten illud vastabit' 8t destruet', de domibj & gardinis, boscis & aliis quibus- cuq, ad pdcm ten ptin, exceptis hoibj quondam pri- vilegiatop inde p Regem ; & postqÕm Rex huerit annu & diem & vastu, tunc reddat' ten illud Capi- taliby dnis feodi illius, nisi prius faciat finem p anno die & vasto. De consuetudine tamen dicit' qd,

post annu & diem, Pre & ten felonu (J) Gloucestr reddunt' & rePtentÕ pximo heredi, cui debuerant de- scendisse si fatta non fuisset felonia; 8c in Kane in Gavelkynde, the fader to the bough and the soneto the plough, & ibidem omnes hedes masculi [pcipiant *] heditatem ; simili? omnes femine, set femine [ptid- piant!] cum masculis. Et mulier post mortem viri sui habet medietatem pro dote sua, et si fomicetur in viduitate pdit totum vel si (4) desponsata viro.

* heat MS. Harl. ¥ si MSS. Cat/. fa* Harl.

3 in MSS. Cott. iff Harl.

¥ pticipant MS. Colt.Ñpticipent MS. Harl.

5 no pticipant MSS. Cott. iff Harl.

4 sit MSS. Cott. iff Harl.

nij.

xvnj.

£@oDub; factenDt $omagtum $ ift&elttatem.*

The Manner of doing Homage and Fealty.

Homage of a Freeman tohis Chief Lord.

WHEN a Freeman shall do Homage to his Lord of whom he hoideth in Chief, he shall hold his Hands together between the Hands of his Lord, and shall say thus; Ò I become your Man from this Day forth, for Life, for Member, and for Worldly Honour, and .shall [owe'] you Faith for the Lands that I (Õ) hold of you ; Saving the Faith that I owe unto our Lord the King, and to [mine other Lords.1]Ó

Homage of a And when a Freeman sliall do Homage to any other than Freeman to a t0 ^ Chief Lord, and for a simple Tenement, he shall hold esne o . ^ pjan(js t0getber between the Hands of his Lord, and shall

say thus: Ò I become your Man from this Day forth, and shall bear you Faith for the Tenement which I claim to hold of you; saving the Faith that I owe to our Lord the King, and to my other Lords.Ó

Fealty of a When a Freeman shall do Fealty to his Lord, he Freeman. shall hold his Right Hand [upon aJ] Book, and shall say thus Ò Hear you my Lord R. that I, P. shall be to you both faithful and true, and shall [owe my Fidelity unto you,5] for the Land that I hold of you, (4) and lawfully shall do such Customs and Services, as my Duty is to you, at the Times assigned. So help me God, and all his Saints.

* liar 1 claim to

1 bit Heirs ; ami lawfully will Jo you the Services due amI accustomed. So help me God and the Saints, e over the s hear you Faith

4 and lawfully will acknowledge you,

Ex MS. Cott. Claudius D. II. fo. 238.

QUANT fraunk home fra homage a son f de qi il tient [son chief mes'] il tendra ses mains jointes pentre les mains son 4' 8c dirra issint. Jeo de- veigne vre home de ceo jour en av*nt, de vie k de membre & de Pren honor, Sc foi vous porteroi del tenement qe jeo [claymc tenir Õ] de vous; sauve le foi q jeo doi a nre Seign' le Roi (Ô).

[Õ Et q*nt fraunk home fra homage a autre q a son chief Seign' 8c p' simple tenement, il tendra ses mains jointes pentre les mains son 4Õ & dirra issint. Jeo deviegne vre home de ceo jor en avant & foi vous porteroie del tenement q jeo clayme tenir de vous; sauve le foi q jeo doy a nre 4' le Roi 8c a mes au?s Seign'ages."]

QÔnt fraunk home fra feaute (5) il tendra sa main (6) outre le livre 8c dirra issint; Ceo oiez vous mon f R. qe jeo J. vous €roie foial & loial, 8c foy vous portoy des tenz q jeo [clayme7] de vous [& loialment vous conusteroi"] 8c loialment vous ferroie les custumes & les ?vices qe faire (9) doie as tines- assignez ; si moy eide Dieux & les Seintz.

1 en chieff Printed Copies. 1 teng MS. Harl.

3 & a mes autres scigfirs Printed Copies.Ñe ccs heirs; e leaument vous fray les svices dues & accustumez j si dieu me aide & les seinz. MS. Harl. 395.

* Printed Copies omit this Paragraph: MSS. Harl. 395, 947 insert. 3 a son seignur MS. Harl. 947.

6 dextre Printed Copies.Ñdestr MS. liar/. 947.

7 teign Printed Copies.Ñclaime tencr MS. Harl. 395.

" Printed Copies iff MS. Harl. omit.

Õ vous MS. Hart. 395.

¥ This is inserted in all the Printed Copies as a Statute of 17 Edw. II. The Copy from MS. Cott. Claudius D. II. was first printed in CayÕs Edition. The Various Readings are from MSS. Harl. 39J, fo. 91 ; 867,70. ja, h\ 947, fo. 69.


Modus fac. Horn. S' Fidelitatem.

228

or

x-

È,

Jl,

he

nd

wi

at- nd ;en ro- ind ds, ! to pri- the ind

Ç.

ar,

the

ear

lull

if]

een the lale but i a en- i in Ôlull

^ Bus Rex Aat vtl

vd turn cum

Pfš mendonem de feo& dia^, k dotib-), cum iccidck, k tram ptmenub^, tunc tes fohusla*G feoda, adroadones, wmWhy.tet^

aht fuerit obmtum. ^ tea la ^

dampnato^ fdonum k kpnr^ fuenist, k.(Ôj ipi beam likm to,*^ apiat' in manu Regis, k Rextekwee^ p unum annu et unum dem,litdlkl^ destruet', dt domibtk prdisis, boaki- cuq ad p*dfm ten pdii, excepts bir, ^ vilegiato^ inde p Regent; k posnfnlav annu k them k mu, tunc reddaf tmtev ulibt dms feed illius, da piius (ak 5Èn die k vasto. ^ Be OTWKtdktHB^ post annu k d'tem, tre k ten fektaf,^ reddunt1 k revtent' pximo berei, a fe, scendisse si facia non fuisset fdoda; ka\È GaveiRynde, the fader to the bougbaii* the plough, k ibidem omnes We fflte'j* bediutem; amilit omnes fedne, a tts j plant ^ cum masculis. Et mulio patrsi ,ui babet medietatem pro dote s viduitate pdit totum r

1 beat MS. Hurl. ¥

Èin MSS. Cat. S31 Had.

¥ pticlpant MS. Cttf.-pticipoit 1 s no pticipant MSS.Cttt. if Han ¥uMSS.CM.lfH*L

um t

[OMAGE AND FeALTY.

Ex MS. Cm.

U.U.yÈjÈ

.\UANT fraunk home fia honageaa^ t š Ufm [Òn chief mes] Otaitei ites penrre les mains son fidim* j., jne vre home de ceo jour o nbre & de tren hono', ir hi ms pus: tnient qe jeo [clayme tenir Õ] de mo; m; ? jeo doi a nrt Seign' le Roi ('J,

ÔEt q*nt fiaunk home fta homage urn jit f Seign' & p' simple tenement, 3 taisei e pentre les mains son f 4 fa . ) cgne vre home de ceo jo' en iw lit rroie del tenement q jeo dipt mi* e le foi q jeo doy a nfe f It RoiitBt l'ages.*]

.nt fraunk home fra feaute (Õ) 3 tanfas* iutre le livre It dim issint; Ceo obis* qe jeo J. vous sroie foial 4 kul,li" >y des tefiz q jeo [clajme] lent vous conusteroi1] & koine rar ustumes k les svkes qe flirt n)iÒ: lez; si mor eide Dieux k ks Seen

chief Printed Gpus. a mes autres seignrs PrM mt vous fray les Svices does k *ÇÇ les xm. MS. Harl US- luted Caput omit this Paragraph: MSM*

11 son sopir MU*Ô

itre Printed Caput.-dcstt MSMpti)

[S Printed Capers -clause MW :

b MS. Harl. omit.

r from IftO***'*'

temp. Inert.

Quant villein fra feaute a son {' it tendra sa main destre outre le liver, & dirra issint; Ceo oiez vous mon Seign' R. q je W. f) vous 9roie foial, loial, & foi vouz porPoi, del tenement q jeo de vous tien en villenage, & q jeo vous Sroie justiciable du corps & de chateux. (Õ) Si moy eide Dieux & les Seintz.

. de ceo jour en avant MS. Harl. 395.

* & q jeo de vous mal ne dam ne veray q jeo ne vos de- fendray & vousgarneray a mon pouer. MS. Harl. 867.

When a Villein shall do Fealty unto his Lord, he shall hold his Right Hand over the Book, and shall say thus, Ò Hear you my Lord A. that 1, B. from this Day forth unto you shall be true and faithful, and shall [owe you Fealty Õ] for the Land that I hold of you in Villenage; and shall be justified by you in Body and Goods. (Õ) So help me God and all his Saints.Ó

1 bear you faith

1 and that no Evil or Damage 'will I tee concerning you, hut I will defend and warn you'to my power.

StatutÕ De CSlarDÕ $ meletotfg.*

STATUTE CONCERNING

Ex MS. Harl. 867. fo. 51 ,b.

VOUS devetz sav5 q lou releef sra done q illeuq append gard, & e 9"; & ceux qi tenent en sjantie de aler ove le Roy en son ost qilleuq append gard & releef; mes ceux q tenent en petit sjantie come de port1 escu ou launce en le ost le Roi ou de por? ou de carier la ne seit gard [ne relief.1] Le f*nc Sokeman ne durra gard ne releef, mes ils doubleront lour rente aps la mort lor aunc solom qils p'ront paier lor Seign', & ils ne soient outre mesure grevez. Mes oiez ore la nat'e del gard avoir; (Õ) la une est lou ten est tenu p €vi£ de chr, lautre est lou un home tient de un autre tYes ou ten en Sokage; la gard de la tVe q est tenu p svi? de chf apent au chief f' e le manage; e deit issi estre marie [q ele!] ne soit despage com la g*nd chÕre voet, et si est le age de celluy heir de xxi an ; la garde del heir q [ - - - - Ô] en socage si la tVe ou [le mariageJ] [ - - - - 6] de par sa mere donq apent a plus pschein pent de pt son pe (7). [En manles8] poet home port bf de gard aver, la une est q*nt home dde gard de la tre & del heir, & ceo est le cas qant un home tient un maner dun autre de fee de haubek el tenant se lost morir, done poet le chief f sil soit deforce dder la gard [del heir celluy de qi il avera la gard Õ] & le mariage. Lautre est qant un homme est feffe dune v*ge de ?re (IO) & (") dun autre dune car de Pre, le second fÕ ne poet my porter br de gard av1 de la Pre [ & '*] del heir, qar la garde appent a celluy de qi il fust p'mes fc". . La Pee est la ou il ad la Pre en sa mayr [¥.. non de gard & il est muler,,!] donq prra il r^rP bf a demander le heir sanz la tre &c.

1 ne mariage Printed Copies: MS. Harl. 947.

* Deux maners des brefs sount de garde avoir. MS. Harl. 947 : Lib. Horn. s qi] MS. Harl: Lib. Horn.

4 yin Erasure and a Blank.Ñtient MS. Harl: Lib. Horn.

1 le heritage Lib. Horn : Printed Copies.

* -dn Erasure and a Blank.Ñdescent Lib. Horn : MS. Harl. 7 Sc c converso Printed CopiesÑE si le ten descent de pt le piere donq apent a plus pchein amy de pt sa mere. Lib. Horn.

1 En iij mafles Lib. Horn.

9 ( Lib. Horn, omits these words.

(.de la terr & del heir celuy, & a?a la gard MS. Harl. 947. ,0 dun home, MS. Harl. 947.

Ò puis MS. Harl. 947. 11 ne MS. Harl. 947.

en nosme de gard & il nad my le heir, Printed Copies.

& nemie de la garde, sil est heir mulier, Lib. Horn. en noun de garde, 8c il y ad hr mulier, MS. Harl. 947.

Wards and Reliefs.

IT is to wit, that where any Relief is given, there Wardship is incident, and contrariwise; And such as hold by Serjeanty to go with the King in his Host, there Ward and Relief are incident; And such as hold by Petty Serjeanty, as to bear Shield or Spear in the KingÕs Host, or to bear or to carry, there is neither Ward, Marriage, or Relief; Also a free Sokeman shall not give Ward nor Relief, but he shall double his Rent after the Death of his Ancestor, according as he hath used to pay to his Lord, and shall not be unmeasurably grieved. Now somewhat is to be said of the Nature of having Wards; There be Two Manner of Writs to have Wards ; one is where Lands be holden in KnightÕs Service, the other is where Lands be holden in Socage; The Ward of Land that is holden in Knights Service belongeth to the Chief Lord, and the Marriage, which ought to be without Disparagement as the Great Char.ter limiteth, [until he cometh to the Age of1] One and twenty Years : The Ward of an Heir that holdeth in Socage; if the Land or Inheritance descend of his Mo.therÕs Side, then it belongeth to the next Friend on the FatherÕs Side; and contrariwise : And a Writ to recover Ward may be brought in Three Manners; One is when a Man demandeth Ward of the Land, and of the Heir, and that is in case when a Man holdeth Land of ano.ther by Knights Service, and the Tenant dieth, then may the Chief Lord, if he be deforced, demand the Ward of his Land and Heir, and shall have both Ward and Marriage. Another Manner is when a Man is infeoffed of a Verge of Land by one Man, and (Õ) by another of a Carve of Land, the Second Lord may not bring a Writ of Ward to recover either the Land or the Heir, for the Ward belongeth to him of whom he 1 was first infeoffed. The Third Manner is where a Man hath Land in his Hands by Reason of Ward, and [hath not the Heir,3] then he may bring a Writ to demand the Heir, and not the Land.

1 and the full age of the Heir it Õ then 1 there it a lawful Heir

* This is inserted in the Printed Copies as of 18 Edw. I. The Copy printed in CayÕs Edition from MS. Cott. Claud. D. II. ( fo. 132,] is ineorred and imperfeft. The Various Readings in the Notes above are from Lib. Hern. Lend. fa. 250-, and

MS. Harl. 1)0,-), fo. š9> f>-

Fealty of a Villein.

Relief and Wardship ccwvlative.

Serjeanty.

Sokemen.

Writs

of Ward;

in cate of KnightÕs Service.

Socage

to demand the Land and Heir;

Where there are Two Lords {

to demand the Heir only.


( m )

Respite of Knighthood to Persons distrained;

Persons haring less than 201. per annum;

Person i impleaded for their Land;

The KingÕs Debtors;

Infants i

Tenants in ancient Demean;

Socage Tenants ;

Clergy;

Burgage

Tenants

Aged and Infirm

Persons, kc.

£>tatutu De reapetfu a&UttÕ IjÕenDo.

STATUTE for respiting of Knighthood.*

OUR Lord the King hath granted, That all such as ought to be Knights, and be not, and have been distrained to take upon them the Order of a Knight, within the Feast of the Nativity of our Lord, shall have respite to take the aforesaid Arms of a Knight, until the Utas of St. Hillary without [Occasion,1] and after that, that they shall be distrained ; [except they make some other Mean.1]

Also he hath granted, that if any will complain in the Chancery, because he was distrained, &c. and hath not Twenty Pound yearly in Fee, or for Term of Life, and will prove that by the Country, then it shall be written umo [the more3] discreet and sage Knights of the Shire to take the said Inquisition ; and if it be tried so by the same Inquest, he shall have Remedy, and the Distress shall cease.

Also if any be impleaded for all his Land, or for Part of the same, so that the Residue be not sufficient to the Value of Twenty Pound, and can prove the same, then the Distress shall cease until the same Plea be determined.

Also if any of them be bounden (4) in certain Debts stalled in the Exchequer, at a certain Sum to be received yearly out of his Lands, so that the Residue of his Lands doth not amount to the yearly Value of Twenty Pounds besides the same Sum, the Distress shall cease, until the foresaid Debt be clearly paid.

And none shall be distrained to take upon him the Order of a Knight, before that he come unto the Age of One and twenty Years.

Also none by Reason of any Land that he holdeth in Manors, which now are ancient Demean of the Crown as Sokeman, and [which Lands must also give3] Tal.lage when the KingÕs Demeans are tallied, shall be distrained to take upon him the Order of a Knight.

Also of them that hold their Land in Socage, of other Manors than of the (6) Manors of the Crown, doing no Foreign Service, the Rolls of the Chancery shall be searched for the Times of the KingÕs Predecessors, and it shall be done as it hath been used to be done.

In like Manner shall be done of Clerks being within Holy Orders, holding Lay-fee, which should be Knights if they were Lay.

Also none shall be distrained for his Burgage Lands, although they do amount to the Value of Twenty Pound yearly, or more.

And they that ought to be Knights, and be not, which have holden their Lands in their Hands but a small Time ; and likewise such as should be Knights, that do pretend great Age, or Default of their Members, or any other incurable Disease, or Charge of [their Children, or of Suits,7] or do alledge [such necessary Excuses,"] they shall resort unto Robert Tiptoft, and Anthony de Beck, and shall make Fine before them; to whom it is enjoyned, that according to their Dis.cretions they shall admit the reasonable Fines of all such Persons.

1 disturbance, 1 "nless in the meantime, &e.

1 tiu(j 4 to oar Lord the King

i for which Land he oweth 6 demesne 7 many Children

Èether matters, hurtful to them, in excuse,

Ex Lib, Horn, fo. 76.

REX concessit qd omes illi qui milites esse debnt & non sunt, & distri&i fuerunt ad arma Mili. taria suscipienda, infra natale dni habeant respe&um ad predCa arma suscipienda usq, in O&afe Sci Hillar sine occasione & extunc distringant' (').

Item concessit qd si aliquis questus fuerit in Cancel- laria qd distrifti fuerunt &c. & non habent [viginti Ò] libratas Pre in feodo, [nisi3] ad tminu vite sue, & hoc velit verificare per patriam, tunc scribatÕ duobj dis- cretis & fidelibj Militibj de Com ad predcfam Inquisi- cionem capiendam, et si per p>d£am Inquisic&m ha fuisse constiPit fiat ei Remediu, & cesset dist'ccio.

Item si aliquis inplacitatus fSit de tota tVa sua, vel eciam de parte ejusdem, ita qd Residuu non suffidat ad valenciam [viginti *] libr Pre, & hoc possit vWare, tunc cesset districcio donee pltm illud Pminetur.

Item si aliquis eoj teneatur dno Regi in certis debids [et terminatis4] ad sc*cm, ad certain firmam inde pannu pcipiendam, & Residuu terra£ suap ultra prediftara summam valorem [viginti *] libr annuatim non attingat, cesset districcio donee predfm debitu fuerit solutum.

Item nullus distringatur ad arma militaria suscipienda aiiq'm pveSit ad etatem viginti & uni9 anni.

Item nullus racione Pre sue qÔm tenet in Maneriis que nuc sunt in antiquo dnico Corone, & tanq'm Soke- mannus, et pro qua Pra debet Tallagiu qfi dnea ten talliantur, distringatur ad arma Militaria suscipienda.

Item de illis qui Pras suas tenent in Sokagio de aliis Maneriis q*m de diiicis Maneriis Corone, nullu fad- entibus forinsecum serviciu, scrutentÕ Rotuli de Can- cellaria de tempore p>decessop Reg, & fiat secdm qd fieri consuerit.

Eodem modo fiat de Cticis infra sacros Ordines existentibus laicum feodum tenentibus, qui Milites esse debent si laid fuissent.

Item nullus distringatur pro Burgagiis suis, b'cet valorem [viginti1] libr annuatim attingat (3).

Item qui Milites esse debent & non sunt qui p [multu6] tempus terras suas tenuerunt, & similit qui nimiam senedutem vel defeftum membrop sive morbu incurabilem vel honus IHiojs [pluriu7] allegant, vel alias certas causas [nocivas*] pretendunt; adeant ad Robtm de Typetot & Antonin de Bek, & coram eis finem faciant quibus injuftum est qd secdm discrecionem eop racionibiles fines admittant (Õ).

1 nisi interim See. MS.Cott.Ñnisi interveniant PrintedCofits.

1 quadraginta MS. Cott.Ñxx. Printed Copies.

3 vel MS. Cott. ts* Printed Copies.

4 atterminatis Printed Copses. s aut plus Printed Copies.

6 modicum MS. Cott: Printed Copies.

7 ptiop vel plurium MS. Cott.Ñvel plncitorum Printed Cof its.

* votivas MS. Cott.Ñnecessarias Printed Copies.

0 de viris predi&is Printed Copies.

¥ This is inserted under the Title of Ô Statutum de Militibus t F.dw II.' in all Printed Copies of the Statutes. A Copy was

given by Cay from MS. Cott. Cl. D. II. [/e. 242.]


Wtt tnur ti'tnDo.

2>e CatalWg jftlonum.

1PlT1NG ot Knighthood.*

Of the CHATTELS of FELONS.*

b

c

a

*È

id

=7

he

at

nd

en

he

so

he

for

at

K,

be

bts

ed

his

Ò7

se,

the

.P

in

Èn

ki.

be

hi.

icr

no

be

ad

iin

its

lÈÈ

Ô7

<,

2

S,

>.

if

7

d

i

bLii.Hn, fa

11Ò concept qdoitaaH^

A V & non Èuat, 8c distriffi

^ FÇdeÈ ann* nadpi^ T*> Çne occasione & extunc

km concewtqda^ .

Ç."È ?ã k fc*, w ã jjb

hoc velit verificare iÑÑ-1

aeasfcfiddfcjMilidbjdeCoa^ oonem capimdam, Ç ti pÇ ^ fosse consdftt fiat ei Remediu, &

Item si aliquis inplacitatus f&t k tnl*, eoam de pane ejutdan, ita q( Rafc^ ad valendam [viginti'] lib? ?Ç, 4 hoc ^ tunc cesset diariccio donee pttm M W Item si aliquis eoj teneatur dno Regi a ra j, [et terminatis'] ad ic'cm, ad cenamfimia^,: pcipiendam, & Residuu tem^ tuaj dtn k sutntnam valorem [viginti'] Cbf anouana mj cesset districao donee prtdfm debitii feta Item nullus dittringitur ad anna mibaua anqÕrn pvenit ad etatem viginti 4 m? È Item nullus raeione tre sue q"m tenet a Ha que nuc sunt in antiquo diiieo Corooe, 4 taafsii mannus, et pro qua tra debet Tallagiii Ipda talFiantur, distringatur ad anna Mian aqn Item de illis qui tras tuas tenent inSokagicta Maneriis q'm de dnicis Maneriis Const,rfi entibus fonnsecum serviciu, scrutent' lad ill cellaria de tempore p>decessoj Reg, k as c

qd fieri consuerit.

Eodem modo fiat de Ctids mfia am

existentibus laicum feodum I debent si laid fuissent.

Item nullus distringatur pro Burjap i valorem [viginti1] lib? annuatim atringt Item qui Milites esse debent 4 ma rmultu4] tempus terras suas tenuenmt, 4*

.Ôr.SELI

alias certas causas L~Ñ- - . ^

Rnbfffi

¥ fin-m faciant quibui ^ ?

discrecionem eop

. . , i/c Qtt.Ñriu niWtš2 *

¥*?ZMSGÇ-È¥**<*

¥ ouadragmo Mb.

,1) MS.C*.VPn'ÒJCrÔ-

. itferminativ Pnntd Cepes. nut plus fVWQr*'

¥ modicum MS-

¥rrS

Ède Vins PredlÒ

Ex MS. Cott. Vespas. B. VII. fo. 75, b.

REX Vie & Omib3 aliis fidet suis sattm. Sciaris qd pvia est in Cur nra, cora JustiC n, qd de ce?o null9 captus p morte hois, vi p alia felonia p qua debt imp'sonari, disseisiet' de ?ris & ten vt catatt suis, quousqs fSir convift9 de felonia de qua rettat9 fSit; set q*m cito captus fSit, p visum custodum plitop Corone nre, & p vis vie vt aliop battiop H, & leg hoim videant' ten & cat p>dda, & inbnantÕ, & salvo custo- diant' p baltios ipius capti, qui bona securitate nob in- veSint, ad respondend cora Justie de cat vt de p>cio, si ab [exigat'']; salvo tn ipi capto & familie sue necc*ia sua, q'mdiu fffit in p'sona, & ronabili esto- 9io; ut cum idm captus cor Justie nns fffit covi&us de felonia, tunc residuu catallop ultra estov^u suu sCdm regni consuetud nob remaneant, cum Pmio uni9 anni & uni9 diei de tris & ten suis. Et si cora Justie se defendere po9it, de felonia sibi imposita, tunc ca- talla sua sibi remaneant quiete. Et ideo vob pcipim9 qd in ballis vris de ce?o ita faciatis fieri [facialis'] & firmi? phibem9 vobis ne ^dea occbne a lit manu im- ponatis in 9ris & ten vt cat alicuj9 pd?o modo capta. T. &c.

. eis exigantur Printed Copies. 1 erroneously repeated.

r I "SHE King to the Sheriflf and all other his faithful Lands and X Subjects sendeth Greeting. Know Ye, that it hath Chattel* of been provided in our Court before our Justices, that from henceforth no man who hath been taken for Man- dtii,ered to slaughter, or for other Felony for which he ought fo be Sureties to imprisoned, shall be disseised of his Lands and Tene- account, &c. ments or of his Chattels, until he be convi&ed of the Felony whereof he be impeached ; but as soon as he be taken, the Lands and Chattels aforesaid, shall be seen by the view of the Keepers of the Pleas of our Crown, and by the view of rhe Sheriffs or other our Officers and lawful Men, and shall be scheduled, and safely kept by the Bailiffs of the Prisoner himself, who shall find good Security to Us to answer before the Justices of the Chat.tels or of the Price thereof, [if they are taken from them;'] saving nevertheless to the Prisoner himself and his Family his Necessaries, so long as he be in Prison, and reasonable Estover; that when the same Prisoner Forfeiture on be convitted before our Justices, of the Felony, then the Conridion. residue of the Chattels, beyond his Estover, according to the Custom of the Realm remain to Us, with the Term of one Year and one Day in his Lands and Tene.ments. And if before the Justices he be able to defend Rotation himself of the Felony laid to his Charge, then his Chattels on Acquittal, shall remain to him quietly. And therefore We com.mand you, that in your Bailiwicks from henceforth ye so cause to be done ; and We firmly prohibit you that you do not, on the aforesaid Occasion, otherwise lay your Hand upon the Lands and Tenements or Chattels of any one, in the aforesaid Manner taken.

' if they be demanded of them ;

¥ This was first printed in BertheletÕs Secunda Pars Veterum Statutorum, 153a ; The Copy from MS. Cott. Vesp. was printed by Cay ; among the Statutes of uncertain Date.

&tatuta armor am.

The STATUTES of ARMS.f

Ex MS. Rawlinson rtu. 277. in Bib. Bodl. Oxon. Incipiut Statuta Armop.

T A LA requeste de Contes e de Barons e de la Chi- Lil valrie de EngletVe, ordine est, e p nostre Seign' Ie Rey comaunde, qe nul ne seit si hardi desoremes, Conte ne Baron ne autre Chivaler, qe al Tomey voy- sent,'] de aver plus qe treys Esquiers armez, pur li svir al Turney; e qe chescun esquier pone chapel des armes son Seignur qe il €vira a la jomee pur enseygne.

1 A nostre Scignour le Roi prient et reqrgent le3 Countz & les baros et la chivalrie de Anglitere, qe come ils sont accordes, que il voile commander et confirmer un cstatute des armes; q nul ne soit si bardie desormes, Countc e baron nautre chivaller q attourner voet, Printed Copies.

Purveu est e confermee par ettatut a la requeste de toutz les baneres denglePre q nul deshoremes qe atournoyer voi'.e soit si hardy, Lib. Horn.

Here begin the Statutes of Arms.

A T the Request of the Earls and Barons and of the Chivalry [qumi)fri £c of England, It is Ordained and by our Lord the King of Esquire* at commanded, That from henceforth none be so hardy, whether Tournament*. Earl, Baron, or other Knight, who shall go to the Tournament, to have more than three Esquires in Arms to serve him at the Tournament; and that every Esquire do bear a Cap of the Arms of his Lord, whom he shall serve that day, for Ensign.

f The Date of this Instrument is wholly uncertain. It was first printed in BertheletÕs Secunda Pan Veterum Statutorum 153a, and afterwards in CayÕs Edition from some antient Manuscript not specified; In Lib. Horn, London, is a Copy intituled Ç Statutu Arnof in Tomeamentis,Ó wherewith a Copy in Lib. Custum. London, agrees very daftly.

Vox.. I.

3P


Armour at Tournaments.

Penalty on transgressing the Statute.

Armour of NoblemenÕs Sons.

Speflators shall not be armed.

Guests at Feasts.

Arms of Heralds.

And no Knight or Esquire serving at the Tournament, shall bear a Sword pointed, or Dagger pointed, or Staff or Mace, but only a broad Sword for turneying. And all that bear Banners shall be armed with Mufflers and Cuishes, and Shoulder-plates, and a Scull-cap, without more.

And if it happen that any Earl, or Baron, or other Knight, do go against this Statute, that such Knight, by Assent of all the Baronage, shall lose Horse and Harness, and abide in prison at the pleasure of our Lord Sir Edward the KingÕs Son, and Sir Edmund his Brother, and the Earl of Gloucester, and the Earl of Lincoln. And the Esquire who shall be found offending against the Statute here devised, in any point, shall lose Horse and Harness, and be imprisoned three Years. Aud if any Man shall cast a Knight to the Ground, except they who are armed for their LordÕs Service, the Knight shall have his Horse, and the Offender shall be punished as the Esquires aforesaid.

And no Son of a great Lord, that is to say, of an Earl or Baron, shall have other Armour than Mufflers and Cuishes, and Shoulder-Plates, and a Scull-cap, without more; and shall not bear a Dagger or Sword pointed, nor Mace, but only a broad Sword. And if any be found who, in either of these points, shall offend against the Statute, he shall lose his Horse whereon he is mounted that Day, and be imprisoned for one Year.

And they who shall come to see the Tournament, shall not be armed with any Manner of Armour} and shall bear no Sword, or Dagger, or Staff, or Mace, or Stone, upon such Forfeiture as in the case of Esquires aforesaid. And no Groom or Footman shall bear Sword, or Dagger, or Staff, or Stone ; and if they be found offending, they shall be imprisoned for Seven Years.

And if any great Lord or other keep a Table, none shall bring thither any Esquire but those who are wont to mess in

their LordÕs presence.

And no King at Arms or Minstrels shall bear secret Arms, nor any other besides their Swords without Points. And the Kings at Arms shall have their Mantles without more, &c.

E qe nul Ctir ne Esquier qe sert al Turney ne porte (') fors espee large pur tumeer. E qe tuz les bancors, qe baners portent, seent armez de mustilers, e de qui. sers, e de espaulers, e de [ bacyn,1 ] sanz plus.

E sil avent qe nul Conte ou Baron, ou autre Chi- valer, voyse encontre [leJ] estatut, [4p le assent ele co- maundemt nre Seign' Sire Edward, fiz le Rey E [Sire Eumond frere le Rey,J] e Sire Willeme de Valence e Sire Gilbt de Clare, e le Cunte de Nichole, qe celi Chivaler, qe issint €ra trove en forfetaunt en nul poynt encontre le estatut, seyt encurru cele peyne; qe il perde chival e artnes, e demeorge en p'son a la vo.lume de avautdiz Sire Edward, Sire Eumond, e le autres.4] E qe le Esquier qe serra trove fesaunt encon.tre le estatut, qe issi est devise, en acun poynt perde chival e hemeys e seyt iij. aunz en la prison. E [qe7] nul sake Chivaler a terre, fors ceus qe serrunt armez pur lur Seign' servir, qe le Chivaler pusse recover son cheval, e cely seit en la forfeture des Esq'ers avaut diz.

E qe nul fiz de graunt Seignur, ceo est asaver de Conte ou de Baron, ne seit arme fors de mustilers e de quisers, (') e qe ne aporte cutel a poynte, ne espeye, ne mace, fors espee large- E si nul seit t¡ve qe, en ascun de ceos poynz, alast encontre le estatut, qe il perde son chival le quel il serra munte a la jomee, e seit en la prison un an.

E qe ceus qe vendrunt pur veer le turnefiit ne seent armez de nule marJe de armure, ne qe il ne portent ne espee, ne cutel, ne bastun, ne mace, ne perre, sur la for- fet'e des Esq'ers avautdiz. E qe nul garson, ne home a a pee, ne porte espee, ne cutel ne baston, ne perrer; e si il seent trovez enforfetaunt qe il seyent emp'sonez vij. aunz.

E si acun graut Seign', ou autre, teygne mangJie, qe nul [esquier ne ameyne9] eynz fors ceus qe trencherut devaflt lur Seignurs.

E qe nul Roy des Haraunz ne [Menestrals10] portent privez armez, ne autres forz lur espees sauz poynte. E qe le Reys des Harraunz eyent lur huces des armes

saunz plus: &c.

1 espeie a point, ne cotel a point, ne bastoun ne mace, Lib. Horn ¥, Printed Copies.

* bacynette Lib. Horn.

5 cest Lib. Horn.

ÈÑ6 qe cely Chevaler par assent de tut le bamage perde cheval e hemeys e demoerge en pÕsoun a la Volunte Mount Edward fiz le Roy, e Mount Emoun [ Edmoun Ub. Cust.] frere le Roy, le Counte de Gloucestf e du Countee de Nicholee. Lib. Horn.

> Sir Edmund son frere, Cay.

i si Lib. Horn.

* e de Espaulers, e de bacynet, saunz plus, Lib. Horn.

i ne meigne esquier Lib. Horn.

,c Mareschaus Lib. Horn.ÑMareschal Cay.


Vbanerspwa,

E sf avent qe nul Conte ou &

Çler voyseenconftel-lt maundemt nfe 8ti ,

[SwEumondfrerekReynfS^H

'cSrtav^

*"*¥ 1e ÒÇ* 9a troTt frl?Õ1

poynt encontre le cstatut imt ^si

luntc de jªÔdiz Sire Edward ^Òr^111

treleesiatut, qC issj ^ de- 7*** chi^eheme^^iij,^ ^ milsaksChnnlera^fo .'

cheval, e cely so, en la forfaurt ife L- 7

£ QC Dul im.Ç. 0 ¥

ou de Baron, ne sdt anne fon dt mostila ( ) e qe ne aporte cutel a popte, nt ^ fors espee large- EtinuIsdttVfco poyna, alast encontre le tstatut, qe il pj quel il aem munte a la joraee, e seit en t

E qe ceus qe vendrunt par veer le tant&ae armez de nule ma8e de armure, neqe il repm: espee, ne cutel, ne bastun, ne mace, upene,Kk> fet'e des Esq ers avautdiz. E qe nul gam, ailk a pee, ne porte espee, ne cutel ne baston,neferu scent trovez enforfetaunt qe il seyentemp'KwH*

E ti acun graut Seign', ou autre, teygne apt nul [esquier ne arneyneÕ] eynzforscanÇraa: devaut lur Seignurs.

E qe nul Roy des Haraunz ne [MaWnIr'Ifi privez armez, ne autres fora lur eqa mji E qe le Reys des Harraunz eyent far lata is saunz plus: &c.

suit, ne cotel a point, at teÈlB .htUd CtfM- Lii. Horn.

IflCfl*

Chenier pa aisfflt dewkW'

k Counte de Glows? e k & 1. Horn-

i Èn ftere, Cty

^,,edebÇynÇ.ÈÒB!^W7 jujuier Li- H**

Ui. {ko.-M^

^tatutu De ^acramÕto flJBfgtrojÕ BegÕ *

STATUTE for OATHS of the KingÕs Officers in the EYRE.

Ex Lib. Horn.fo. 79 b.

ODRINCIPIU ItiSis JustiC circa sacramentu ; scire

A debes qd in p'mo adventu JustiC in Idnere suo bre per quod potestas eis concessa est in plena Cur legi debeat. Deinde precipiet' qd nictl [carius effi- ciatur in Coni nec in Villa nec *] in Civitate pretextu eoqs adventus. Deinde qd nulle [Cur in Coin infra libertatem nec ex*3] teneantur sj qd Coin teneat' solu- modo ad profros faciendos, set in eo nullum placitabit' pftm nisi breve de Redto et appellum de morte hois. [Deinde qd nulle Nundine ne Ferea teneantur nec stent.4] Deinde precipiatur qd nullum conducatur hospicium set venientibj gratis concedatur. (J) Hoc Sacramentu prestabit' a Vicecomite & subviC.

Ceo oietz vo9 Justices q jeo leaument fray le office qe est apendaunt a mon Counte, E a moy cum a Vis- counte: E ceo ne lerrai pur Riche ne pur poure ne pur amour ne pr haunge, qe leaument nel fray si Deu moy eit e ces seinz.

Istud Sacramentu prestabit' [ab ejus ministris6] quando [eligit7 ] duos Milites.

Ceo oiet vo9 Justic qd jeo leaument elirray ij Che- vaillers [ou'] autres prodes homes del Hundred de N. qe ne seient Appelours ou appeles ne meintenours des apeaus ne mayntenours de play qe touche la Coroune, e qe meuz sachent e voillent fere ceo qe horn lour comaundera de par le Roy, e pur rien ne lerray k ceo ne fray a moun ascient si dieu me eit e ces seinz.

Istud Sacramentu pstabitur a Militiby electis per predcos Ballivos.

Ceo oietz vous Justic qe nous leaument elirrom, auxibien de nus meymes com des autres [xij Che- vaillers e autres9] prodes homes de Nostre hundred, qe meuz seuent voillent e puissent verite dire, de ceo ke lem lour demaundera de p le Roys, e ke ne seient appelours ne appeletz, ne mayntenours de play ke touche la Coroune ; e pur ceo ne lerray ke leaument nel fray. Si dieu meit e ces ceynz.

Istud Sacramentu pÕstabitur a xij Militibus qn p ij eliguntÕ.

Ceo oiez vouz Justices ke jeo leaument fray e leau.ment dirray ceo ke lem me demaundera de part le Roys e vos counseals celeray, e pur rien ne lerray qe leau.ment fray a moun ascient, si meit dieu se ces Seinz.

Hoc Sacramentu p>stabitur ab omnibj Ballivis Com, alio mo q*m prius.

Ceo oiez vouz Justic qe jeo leaument fray ceo qe a moun office appent e vos counseaus celeray, ne nul home pur haunge ne greveray, ne pur favour aideray ; si dieu meit a ces ceyntz.

Deinde liberabunt' omes Articuli de Coin xij Jurator cuj9Iibet Hundredi, et deinde assignabitur eis tempus ad veredicta sua reddenda sub pena niie diii Regis. Et si non reddiderint amerciabunt', secdm qd Justic melius viderint expedire.

. Ad

* elficiet in villa vel in Coni, nisi sit coram Justic, vel

5 nundine nec ferie

4 Printed Copies omit.

5 Sacramentu Vic & aliorum ballivoru.

* a ministris Vic 7 eligent

" et deux 9 Printed Copies omit.

AT the Beginning of the JusticesÕ Circuit, about the Oath ; Thou shalt know that in the first coming of the Justices in their Circuit the Writ shall be read in the open Court, by the which their Authority is granted unto them. Moreover it shall be commanded, that nothing shall be [done in the Town or in the County, unless it be before the Justices, or in the City '] by- reason of their coming. And that [no Fairs, neither Markets be kept Õ] but that the County be holden only to do prefers; hut no Plea shall be pleaded therein but a Writ of Right, and Appeal of the Death of a Man. (3) Moreover it shall be commanded, that no Hostery be hired, but be granted freely to them that come.

The Oath of the Sheriffs and other Officers.

This Oath shall be made by the Sheriffs and Under- Sheriffs. Ò This hear you Justices, that I shall law.fully do the Office which is belonging to my County, and to me as a Sheriff; and that I will not leave for Rich nor for Poor, neither for Love nor for [Gain4] but I will lawfully do it. So God me help and his Saints.Ó This Oath shall be made by the Ministers of the Sheriffs, when they shall eledl Two Knights.

Ò This hear you Justices, that I shall lawfully choose Two Knights [and TwoJ] other honest Men of the Hundred of N. which are not Appealors nor Appealees, (6) nor Maintainors of Pleas which touch the Crown, and which best know, and will do that which shall be commanded them on the KingÕs Behalf; and [will not7] leave that which to my Knowledge I ought law.fully to do. So God me help and his Saints.Ó

This Oath shall be made by the Knights chosen by the aforesaid Ministers. Ò This hear you Justices, that We shall lawfully choose, as well of Ourselves as of other (*) honest Men of our Hundred, which shall best know, and will and may say the Truth of that which shall be demanded them on the KingÕs Behalf, and which are not Appealors nor Appealees, nor Maintainors of Pleas which touch the Crown ; and will not leave for any Thing which I ought lawfully to do. So God me help and his Saints.Ó

This Oath shall be made by the Twelve Knights when they are chosen by (Õ) Two. Ò This hear you Justices, that I shall lawfully say, and lawfully do that which shall be demanded of me on the KingÕs Behalf; and shall keep secret your Counsels, and shall not for any Thing leave to do that which to my Knowledge I ought to do. So God me help and his Saints.Ó

This Oath shall be made by all Bailiffs (,0) otherwise than first. Ò This hear you Justices, that I shall lawfully do that which belongeth to mine Office, and shall keep secret your Counsels, neither shall I grieve any Man for [Envy,11] nor help him for Favour. So God me help and his Saints.Ó

Then all the Ariicles of [every Hundred "] shall be delivered unto the Twelve Jurors of [the County,'3] and then Time shall be appointed them to give their Ver- didfs, upon Pain of the KingÕs Mercy. And if they give not their Verdidls they shall be amerced as to the Justices shall seem best.

1 that nothing shall he mad: dearer in the County, nor in the Town,

nor in the City,

1 no Courts he holden in the County, within Liberty nor without;

3 Moreover that no Fairs nor Marhets hr kept, nor allowed.

* hatred 1 or 6 nor Maintainers of Appeals,

: / will not. for any thing * Twelve Knights, and other

o the 10 of the County *' hatred

** the County ,J every Hundred,

* The Various Readings are from the Copy first printed in Berthelet's Seeunda Pars Vcterum Statutorum 1556 ; intituled fi Articuli 8c Sacramenta Ministrorum Regis in Itincrc Just.Ó The Translation is from Rastall s English Colledtion 1603.


Opening of the Circuit.

Oath*;

Of Sheriff* and Under- Sheriffs.

The Oath of Sheriff* Officers; cle&ing T*ro Knight*.

Oath of the TwoKnight*.

Oath of the T welve Knights.

Oath of Bailiff*.

Delivery of the Articles to the Jury, &c.

Pleas not ended in former Eyre.

New Pleas. Persons in Mercy. King's Wards, &c.

Patronages.

Escheats.

Serjcanties.

Purprcstures.

Bribes.

Measures.

Bribes to Keepers of Measures. Assize of Cloths.

T reasure trove.

Assize of Wines.

Bribes to Sheriffs for Defaults by Hundredors.

Hue and Cry.

Approvers.

Christian Usurers. Chattels of Jews ( of Enemies.

Capftula 3ltfnetf0.

The ARTICLES of the EYRE.*

OF old Pleas of the Crown which were before the Justices of our Lord the King, and were not ended. Of new Pleas of the Crown which afterwards arose in Time of Peace. Of those who are in the Mercy of out Lord the King, and have not been artiercedv Of young Men and Women, who ought to be in the Ward of our Lord the King; who hath them, and by whose Means, and how much their Lands are worth by the Year. Of Ladies who are and ought to be in the Gift of our Lord the King, if they have been married or are to be married, and if they have been married, to whom and by whom, and how much their Land may be worth by the Year. Of Churches which are in the Gift of our Lord the King, what Churches they are, and who hold them,- and by whom, and how much they are worth by the Yrtr. Of the Escheats of our Lord the King, what they are/ and who hold them, and by whom, and by what Service, and how much they ate worth, as well of the Lands of the Normans as of other Lands. Of the Serjeanties of our Lord the King, what they are, and who hold them, and of what sort those Serjeanties are, and how much they are worth. Of Pur- prestures made upon our Lord the King, whether in Land or Water, whether in Liberty or out of Liberty, wheresoever. Of those who have taken Gifts from those who have lodged Strangers, contrary to the Assise thereof made in the preceding Year. Of the Measures made and sworn throughout the Realm, if they be observed throughout the Realm, as hath been pro.vided ;. and this should be understood of all Measures, made and sworn, as well of Y ards and Weightsasof other Measures ; and if the Keepers of the Measures have taken Reward from anyone, that they may buy and sell from them. And if the Assize of the Breadth of Cloths hath been observed as it was provided, and likewise of those who have sold Cloths contrary to the Assize. Also of Treasure found, who found the same and where. Of Wines sold contrary to the Assize, in Cities, Boroughs, Market Towns, and other Towns, wherever Wines are sold, who sold them, how many Casks a Year, and for how many Years. Of Sheriffs and oth'er Bailiffs of out Lord the King, who have caused Hundredors to meet to make Inquisition for Homicide, or other Pleas of the Crown, and where they have taken Money for Defaults. Of Hue and Cry levied and not followed. If any have holden Pleas concerning Approvers without War.rant. Of Christian Usurers, who they were, and what Chat.tels they had, and who have those Chattels Of the Chattels of Jews put to Death, and their Charters and Pledges, and who have them. Of the Chattels of the French or Flemish

Eh Lib. Ciut. Lond.fo. 136 b.

Capitula de vePibj pStis Corone.

DE veteribj placitis Corone que fuerunt coram Jus- tie dni Regis & non fuerunt tminata. De novis ptitis Corone que postea eniserunt tempore pads. De hiis qui sunt in mia dni R et non sunt amerciati. De vadlettis & puellis [qui sunt & esse debent in dona- cione Dni Reg si sint maritati vel maritandi. Et si sint maritati,' J quibj, & p quern & q*ntum terre eoji valent p annu- De ecciis que sunt in donacioneDnl Reg que ecctie sint & qui illas heanf (Õ) & quantu valent p annu. De escaetis dni R que sunt & qui illas tenent & p que & p quod servidu & q'ntum valent tam de rris Normannop q*m de aliis. De ser- jantiis Dni R que sunt & qui illas tenent & cuj9modi serjantie ille sint & quantum valent. De purpresturis ffis sup dnm Regem sive in terra sive in aq* sivein libtate sive ex* libtatem ubicumque. De illis qui re- cepurtt dona ab hiis qui hospitati sunt ex*neos contra ass'm fattam [anno preftto.1] De mensuris ffis, & juratis p Regnu si sint serrate p Regnu sicut provisum fuit, & hoc intelligatur de omnifey mensuris (4) tam de ulnis, & ponderibus quam de aliis mensuris. Et si Custodes mensurap recepint mercedem ab aliquo ut possent ab eis enie & vendere. Et (Õ) ass* latitudinis pannoj servata sit sicut provisum fuit, et similiter de illis qui vendiderunt pannos contra assisam. [De Thesauro invento.6] De vinis vend cont* Assisam (Õ) De viff & aliis ballivis dni R qui c5venire fecerunt hundred pro inquisicione facierida pro morte hois vl de aliis ptitis Corone & ubi cepint numos p defelt [vt'] hutes levato & n5 secuto. Si quis tenuerit ptitum de probatore sine waranto. De usurariis xpianis qui f&nt, & que catalla habueft & qui catalla ilia heant. (Õ) De catatt Franco^ vt Flandr vt aliorum

1 qui esse debent in custodia dni Regis qui silos habet 8c p que, & q'ntu terre illoj valet p annu. De dnabj q sunt 8c q ee debet in donacoe dni Regis si sint maritate sive mari- rande 8c si sint maritate, MSS. Hurl. 4X9, 667, 1120.

T. reads as tie Text; except custodia far dotlacione.

* 8c per que, T. W MSS. s T. omits.ÑMS. Hart. 11 ao inserts.

4 fa£Hs 8c juratis T. 5 si T. W MSS.

6 Item de thesaur mventis, qui eos invenerut & ubi. MS. Harl.66y.

i in Civitatib) burgis, villis mercatoriis, et in aliis villi* obi- cuq, vina vendita sunt, qui ea vendiderunt, quot dolea p annu et p quot annos. MS. Harl. 667. Ô De T.

È De catallis judeorum occisorum, et eorum chartis 8c radii* et q' ea habeant. T. ti MSS.

1.

2.

3-

4.

f-

6.

7-

8

?¥

ia

11.

12.

'3-

14

>5'

16.

* These Articles were printed in TottellÕs Magna Carta 1556, without any Date. In MSS. Harl. 1120, 1214, they begin thus, Ò Incipiunt Capitula que ptitantur in Itinle Nova et Vetera. Edwardus Dei gra Rex Angt Dns Hibn & Dux Aquif Jostic suis Itin in Coin Line, Saitm. Scire facia? nob diligent1 in fide qua nobis tenemini de Articulis sabsc'ptis, quali? 8c quo modo svanl' 8c sub qua forma. Primus Articts. De hiis qui sunt in mia Reg [&c.J Ó In MS. Harl. 489, they are intituled thus, Ò Cap plitand cora Justic de Itiner; A" r. r. E. fit R. H. viij.Ó and begin thus Ò De vePibj ptitis Corone que alias fuerut cora Jus? & no sunt Plata. De novis ptitis Corone que erilserut post ultimu Iter Justic. De hiis [8cc.J ÕÕ TottellÕs Printed Copy and all the Manuscripts are more or less imperfed and confused ; and the several Parts and Clauses of the Articles are arranged very variously- The Readings marked T. are from TottellÕs Printed Copy : The others are from MSS. Harl. 489, <567, 867, 1033, mo, 1314: T. (J MSS. denotes that some or all of the MSS. agree with TottellÕs Primed Copy


x Sttnerts.

ES

¡f the EYRE *

D

J 'ÒW.4^

... "dÒ **tn laig*'

pteC,,0M

V Ò¥ *4 Ô- Çw "ij

s**"* *Çt.w£5

RÇg qw eccht sint iquj 01,5^., '

^Vmu. Deacrtdil^J abs tenª & n qus & p quod ^ ¥

*".****i

jantns Dm B que turn & qoi Olu ta#^ ¥ojindt ille sint & qomtum nlm. Jt ^ (fis sup dnm Regem sire in tern an i littate site ex* libtatem ubicumque. Dt|t, cepunt doni ib hils qui hotpstad sunt tfaa ÇsÒm fnflim [mno prerito,'] ft mesa a. juraris p Regnii si ant semte pKqriiip* fuit, & hoc infelligitur de otnnA-, mms', de ulnis, & ponderibus qiutn de aim ram fa Custodes mensura^ recepnt merda possent ab eis enJe it vendere. £t (Õ) m1 zsa pannoj servata sit sicut provisum fuit, et afc: illis qui tendiderunt psnnos contn Bsa ) Thesauro invento.*] De viois vend orf la De vif it aliis ballitis dni jl qui cotusis hundred pro inquisickme fidesdi p an*1 de aliis ptitis Corone it ubi cepint mm |ti [vi'j hutes levato 4 no secuto. 8 p * ptitum de probatore sine waranto. Due xpianii qui fSnt, & que atalla iaWifsai ilia heant. (Õ) De cataS Ftancof rt W*

1 qui esse dfbent in custoda diiRejiifiÒÈ- que, & qHtu terre illoj nlftfaa DtWÈ s ec debet in donicoe dni Regis si wt tande & si Çir>r maritate, MSS. M

T. reads u the Tat i acift <**!' Òšt ¥ it per que, T. If MSS. sT.omitj.--V5.HW. mo Õmtn.

¥fadHi Stjuratu T.

¥ [tern de thesaur ÈÇÇisi 1* a*

.VS. Hat. 66]. .fit,

,i.0Ñ.s**Ñ^*w

rt q' ea habeant. T. i MSS.

Ç7-

18.

19.

30.

31. 33.

*3-

34-

35-

36.

37-

38.

39.

SO.

S'-

33-

33-

34-

35-

36-

37-

3È-

39-

40.

41.

43.

43-

.r>ri'.

SS*

66], Hit*

inimicop Dni Reg (') qui ilia heant. De falsatoribj & tonsoribj Denariop. De Moneta & excambio dfti Reg, Scih quis fe?it monetam, vel exrambiu sine drio rege vt ejus capitals Justft. De Burgatoribj & aliis maleftoribus & eo^ receptatoribj tempore pads. De fugiti*. De utlagatis & eop catatt & quis ea h2at. De utlagatis si redierint sine Waranto. De hiis p qUOp terras utlagati & Burgatores t*nsierunt & qui non fecerunt sedas post eos sicut facere debuerunt. De Scabs remotis ab uno die in aliu diem sine licenda dni nisi sit die dnica. Si quod mercatum levatum fuerit de novo sine licencia dni Reg. De Mercede capta pro blado vt aliis catatt dimittendis ne capentur ad cast*. Et similiter de p'sis fds p vief, vel Consta- bular, vel alios Battios contra voluntate eop quop catalla fuerint. De novis consuetudinib} levatis in terra sive in aqua & quis eas levavit & ubi. De de.tains de hiis qui sumoniti fiierut adee coram Justid primo die ptiu & no venerunt. De gayolis delibat sine Waranto dni Ji vt Just suop. De malefcorib} in pcis & viva? & qui illi funt. DÕ Rapinis & prisis ft is de extraneis p quos fte fuerunt, & quando, & ubi (*). De Wrecko maris. De evasione Latronu. De hiis qui non pmittunt ballivos Reg intrare terras suas ad faciend sumoniciones (*) vel dist'cciones (4) dni Reg, vel aliis rebj sine spiali mandato drii Reg. De Bal- livis qui recepint dona pro recognitorib} ammovend de juratis vt assisis. DÕ hiis qui tenent terras Norman- nor Flandr Britann & alio^ ex'neop de quocuq^ feodo sint & quo War eas tenent, [vel quit>3 !] dns Rex c5- cessit ulia feoda conferenda. DÕ hiis qui subfxerit settas, Com, [Schirop,*] Hundredop & auxit vie post guerram motam inter Regem [H.Õ] & Baron suos p voluntatem Vft & Battiop suop sine voluntate & as- sensu dni Reg. De Vic & aliis Ballivis diii Reg qui cepunt redempeiones de vadletbs tenentibj integ* feoda militum, ne fieret Milites ad mandatum dni pr cu spale mandatu inde babuerint. De vadlettis integra feoda Militum tenenbbj, & plene etabs existenbbj miliubj faciendis. De vi5 & aliis Battis qui ptita Corone & pfita de Namio vetito, & alia ptita rminant in Com, vt Hundredo, vel alibi, p sac'mentu xij cum nullam heant potestate sine pcepto Rr & hoc p breve suu. De excessit>3 vie & alioji battio^ Dni Reg sive infra [etatem *] sive ex* qui aliquod ptitum foverint pro aliqua pte fHextu terre vt custodie, ftende, (Õ) pqui- rend, vel alicuj9 al?ius pfectus p quod v^itas & Jus- bcia suifocantur. De Battis domini Reg ambidext's qui capiunt ex una pte & alia. De Hundred, Tridingg, Wapentag & aliis [mane? loJ dni Reg positis ad firmam [tempore dcop vft."] DÕ prisis dni Reg, sive in terra sive [in aqua,'!J sive in libtatib} speefantibj ad castra sive ad Civitates suas sive ad Burgos suos, (,3) que sint & q'ntu valent & qui eas occupaverint

1 retentis T.

. et de quibj rebs et de cujus potestate. MS. Hurl. 667.

> vel attachiamenta T. 4 pro debitis T.

5 sive de drio Rege, sive de aliis quib) MS. Harl. 667. ÔTrithing T. dr MSS.

È Joauem T. MSS. Harl. read Regem & Baron ¥ iibertatem T. ii MSS.

Õ vel denariop T. ii MSS. 10 ballivis 7". ii MSS.

Ò per vicecomite, vel ballivos, quantu singula valet per annu, & p quato posita fuerut ad firma quolibet anno tem- poribus vicecom pteritorii, & p quato modo posita sunt.

T. ii MSS.

11 in mari, sive in aqua dulci, T. ii MSS. vel in aliis locis, T. ii MSS.

Men, or other Enemies of our Lord the King, which hare been retained, who have them. Of Forgers and Clippers of Money : Of Money and the Exchange of our Lord the King; to wit, who hath made Money or Exchange without our Lord 'he King, or his Chief Justice, Of Burglars and other Male.factors, and the Receivers of such in Times of Peace. Of Fugitives ; of Outlaws and their Chattels, and who hath them ; of Outlaws, if they have returned without Warrant. Of those through whose Lands Outlaws or Burglars have passed, and who have not made Suit after them as they ought to do. Of Markets changed from one Day to another Day without the Licence of our Lord the King, unless it be Sunday. If any New Market hath been set up without the Licence of our Lord the King. Of Reward taken for letting go Corn or other Chattels that they should not be taken to the Castles.

In like Manner of Prises made by Sheriff's or Constables or other Bailiffs, against the Will of them to whom the Goods belong. Of new Customs levied either by Land or Water, and who levied them, and where. Of Defaults of those who were summoned to be present before the Justices on the First Day of the Plea, and came not. Of Gaols delivered without the Warrant of our Lord the King, or of his Justices.

Of Malefadors in Parks and Vivaries, and who they were.

Of Rapines and Prises made from Strangers, and by whom they were done, and when, and where, and of what Things, and by whose Power. Of Wreck of the Sea. Of the Escape of Thieves. Of those who do not permit the Bailiffs of our Lord the King to enter their Lands to make Summons, ,or Attachments, or Distresses for the Debts of our Lord the King, or other Things, without the special Command of our Lord the King. Of Bailiffs who have taken Gifts for removing Recognitors from Juries and Assizes. Of those who hold the Lands of Normans, Flemings, Bretons, and other Strangers of whatsoever Fee they may be, and by what Warrant they hold them, whether of our Lord the King or of others, upon whom our Lord the King hath granted such Fees to be con.ferred. Of those who have withdrawn Suits of the County Court, Trithings, Hundreds, and the Aids of the Sheriff, after the War moved between the King and his Barons, by the Will of the Sheriff and his Bailiffs, without the Assent and Will of our Lord the King. Of Sheriffs and other Bailiffs of our Lord the King who have taken Ransom of young Men holding whole Knights Fees, that they might not be made Knights at the Command of out Lord the King, though they had a special Command thereunto. Of young Men holding whole Knights Fees, and of full Age, who ought to be made Knights. Of Sheriffs and other Bailiffs who determine Pleas of the Crown, and Pleas de namio vetito, and other Pleas in- the County or Hundred or elsewhere, by the Oath of Twelve Men, when they have no Power so to do, without the Precept of our Lord the King, and this by his Writ. Concerning the Excesses of Sheriffs and other Bailiffs of our Lord the King, whether they be within Liberty or without, who have favoured any Plea for any side by Pretence of having Land ot Wardship, or obtaining Money or any other Profit, by which Justice and Truth are stifled. Of Bailiffs of our Lord the King who are double handed, and take from both Parties. Of Hundreds, Trithings, Wapentakes, and other Bailiwicks of our Lord the King set to Ferm by the Sheriff or Bailiffs, how much every of them are worth by the Year, and for how much they have been set to Ferm fan each Year in the Times of former Sheriffs, and for how much they are now set.

Of the Prises of our Lord the King, whether on Land or on Prises of Sea, or on fresh Water, or in Liberties belonging to his Castles, l*Ô* RÔnS- or to his Cities, or to his Boroughs, or in other Places, what they are, and how much they are worth, and who hath occupied

Forjprry and Exchange of Money.

Burglars, Ac.

Fugitives and Outlaws.

Persons not making Pursuit. Markets.

New

Markets.

Purveyance.

New

Customs.

Defaults

before

Justices.

Gaol-delive.

ries.

Trespassers in Parks, Ac. Takings from Strangers. Wrecks. Escapes. Obstructors of Bailiffs.

Bailiffs bribed. Tenants of the Lands of Alieus.

Withholders of Suits of Courts.

Holders of Knights F ees.

Sheriffs, &c. holding Pleas of the Crown without Warrant.

Sheriffs, 6tc.

Hundreds, &c. let to Farm.

VOL. I.

3 Q


Scotale.

Chattels of Foreigners.

Warrens

without

Warrant.

Wears. Sheriffs hailing, for Reward, Homicides,

or Thiercs.

Extorting by colour of

Amc-ce.ments.

Of undue Distresses.

Manucaptors.

Embezzling

Writs.

Coroners taking Bribes,

Sic.

Takers of Pigeons.

Bridges and Causeways. Bailing of suspected Persons.

Felons hanged in inferior Jurisdictions.

Trespassers in Warrens. Sheriffs takingBribe6.

Fraudulent

Alienations.

Confederacies

by Oath.

tor concealed, or stifled them. Of inferior Bailiffs which make the Ale which Is called Scotale, and sometimes Filsonalc, or Outlaw's Ale, that they may extort Money from the Suitors of the Hundred and those subject to them. Of those who make Ale, and gather Garbs in the Autumn, taking away and extorting Corn from the Poor. Of the Chattels of Foreigners being of the Power of the King of France, taken while our Lord the King was in Gascony, what hath become of them, and who had them. Of those who have set up a Warren on their Lands without Warrant of our Lord the King. Of those who fish with Kidels and Wears. Of Sheriffs and other Bailiffs who have taken Money of those who were charged with Homicide, that they might dismiss them by bail, when they were not bailable, without the special Warrant of our Lord the King. Of Sheriffs ami other Bailiffs of our Lord the King, who have imprisoned those who were charged with Theft by Indidments, and have detained them in Prison until they re.ceived a Ransom for them, that they might be bailed, when by the Law of England they were not bailable for any Ransom. Of Sheriffs and other Bailiffs of our Lord the King, who have re.ceived Money more than once from any one for one Amerce.ment, when he was only once amerced. Of those who have distrained many Persons, having one name, for one Amercia.ment for Summons of the Exchequer, that each should pay an Amerciament for himself, when one only was amerced. Of those who have distrained any one to pay more than he was amerced by Summons of the Exchequer. Of those who as Manucaptors have received any one to have him before the Justices, and had him not on the first Day. Of those who have embezzled the Writs of our Lord the K ã, and have sold them to die other Party, whereby our Lord me King hath lost what belonged to him. Of the Coroners who have taken Money or other Reward for doing their Office; and if they have concealed the Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, or de.tained them to their own Use, and how much, and to whose Hands those Chattels have come. Of those who take Pigeons by Nets or other Engines, to the Destruction of the Pigeon Houses. Of Bridges and Causeways broken, and common Highways, who ought to repair and sustain them. Of Per.sons taken and imprisoned upon any Suspicion of Evil by the Sheriff and other Persons whomsoever, in what manner they have been delivered. Of Felons hanged and condemned else.where than before the Justices for common Pleas, to whose Hands their Chattels have come, and who hold their Lands, if they had any, and from what Time, and how much they are worth by the Year. Of those who go into the Warrens of others without the Licence of the Lords. Of Sheriffs who have taken Money from Persons excommunicated for having respeCt to them that they should not be taken. Of Money taken from those not coming to the Summons of the Sheriff, who have taken it, and how much. Of Sheriffs and Bailiffs who have taken Money for Watches ordained in the Realm, and not kept. Of those who by Fraud or any Malice do alien their Lands or Tenements against the coming of the Justices, so that they should not be put upon Juries or Assises before them. Of those who by Oaths bind themselves to support or defend the Parties, Quarrels and Businesses of their Friends and well-wishers, whereby Truth and Justice are stifled.

sive cela&t sive suffocaverint. (') DÕ catall ex'neoj 4J de potestate 1J- Francie existenciu captis dum dm Rex fuit in Vascon, quo devenerunt, & qui ea ha- buerunt. DÕ hiis qui levaverunt Warennu [sine 46. Warenii.6] DÕ hiis qui piscantur cum Kidett Q. ^

DÕ vie & aliis Ballivis qui cepunt denar ab hiis qui 48, rettaii fuerint de morte hominis ut dimitteret eos p I i,

plevinam, cum non fuerint replegiabiles sine speciali precepto dm Reg. De Vi? & aliis Baftis dni Reg qui 45. I i inp'sonaverunt illos qui rettati sunt de latrocinio p inditlamenta, & illos in prisona detinSnt quousque ab illis redempeione cepint ut posslt replegiari, cum p I }

legem Angi nulla redempeione fca [illis qui fuerint irreplegiabiles.8] DÕ Vic & aliis ballivis dni Reg qui 50. plures cepint denar ab aliquo p uno amerciamento cum non nisi semel fuerit amerciatus. DÕ hiis qui dis- Ji. trixunt plures fintes unum nomen pro unico amercia.mento pro sumonicione Sc*cii ut unusquisque pacaret p se unicu amerciamentum cum unus eo£ tantu fuerit amerciatus. D' hiis qui dist'nxunt aliquem [p plus Jt 1 * qd id Õ] ad qÓd fuerit amerciatus p sumonicione ScÔcii.

DÕ hiis q' manucepunt de hendo aliquem coram Justic JJ. I r & illu non hab&nt p'mo die. DÕ hiis qui subfxerint bria Regis & ea al?i pti vendiderunt p quod Diis Rex amisit quod ad ipm ptinebat. DÕ Coronatoribus qui 54. t denar vel aliqÒm mercedem recepit p officio suo exe- quendo, & si catalla felonii, vel fugitivop concelaverint vel ad op5 suu detinuerint, & qÕntu & ad quo^ manus catalla ilia devenerunt. DÕ hiis qui cepunt columbas JJ. aerias, p quod columbaria destruunt' p Rethia, vel p I /.

alia ingenia. De pontibj & [calceisfraclis & co- j6. munibi tÒnsitib3 quis ea repare debeat, & sustintre. 57.

DÕ captis & incarPat pro aliqua suspicione mali p vie vel alios quoscumque qualit delibati fuerut. Item de j8. felonibus suspensis, & dampnatis alibi quam coram Justic, ad [omnia"] ptita, ad quo£ manus catalla ilia devenerunt & qui terras si quas buerunt teneat & a If1

quo tempore, & q'ntum valent p annu. De hiis qui 59. currunt in aliis Warennis sine licencia dnojt. (")

I 11

1 De parvis ballivis qui faciunt [servitium qd!] vocatut Scotale, quandoque [filsonsale !] ut extorqueant pecuniam a sequentib^ hundredum et eorum subditis. De hiis qui [col- ligere faciunt servisiam, et garbas *] in autumno [et de hiis qui detrahunt et extorquent blada pauperum s] T. U MSS. I II.

8 servisiam que MSS.

, ( Sulsenale MS.Harl. 867.ÑSylsuynghal MS. Harl. 1120.

\ Velagheshale MS. Harl. 667.

8 faciunt servisiam, et colligunt garbas MS. Harl. 667.

5 extorquentibj blada pauperu et detrahentibj. MS.Harl.Ml.

6 in terris suis sine Waranto dni Regis. MS. Harl.66i-

1 et skarkellis T. U MSS.

s fuerint replegiabiles MS. Harl. 667. T. ends this Sentence with Ô replegiari Õ

9 ad pacandu plusquam MS. Harl. 667. 10 calcetis T.

" comunia T. Js* MSS.

18 De Vicecom qui ceperunt denar ab aliquibus exedmuni- catis, pro respeffu habendo ne caperentur. De denariis captis de non venientibus ad summonitionem Viceconi, q' cos ceperut & quantum. De Vicecom & ballivis qui cepe.runt denarios pro vigiliis in regno constitutis non observatis.

[De hiis qui in hieme columbas aereas vicinorum suorum deteriorant vel destruut.13] De hiis q' p fraude, vel aliqua malicia, ?ras vel tenenta sua alienant cotra adventu justitia- rioru, ita qd non ponerentur in juratis, nec in assisis coram eisdem. De hiis qui sacramentis se astringunt ad partes vel loquclas [negocioru '*] amicoru benevoloru sustinendas vel defendendas, per qd veritas et justicia suffocatur. T. U MSS.

o See Article 55 in the Text.

'* Sc negocia MS. Harl. 867.


Celavit Òve suffocaveri Kcx fwt in VÇ^- tBttodSar^

buerunt- d* hii"Õquo dÓtner>š, i S

WÈfenn.Ô] D> ...qui \ h

rÇtaii fuerint dt m ^ ÒPš****

P'evinam, cum non ^'

Precepto dni R(|

mP8¡navenmt ill* .

,rreplegiabiles.'] D* Vif ^

P'^cepim denaf

non nrn semel fberit 'ªniplumtat,

.* r

TST* ¡* ,

qd Id Õ] ad qÒd fuerit art* pJ2 DÕhiis q' manucepunt de tkndo faT**'

JLšJ n¡nh*š*P^o & D'tj

bna Rtgis 8t ea alft ptj vendidenmt p amisit quod ad ipm pdnebat. DÕ(W denar vel aliq'm mercedem rtcepiitofe*! quendo, & .i catalla fdonii, vdfu^^ vel ad op9 $uu detinuerim, i q'ntu i ai catalla ilia devenerant. DÕ hits qui cepaa ^ aerias, p quod columbaria destruunp pRat, alia ingenia. De pontib) 4 [taka'] 6ni; munib; Pnsitibt quis a repart dda, S -

D rantJS & inrarcat nrn alimvi etwwhL^ _.i:

Temp, lncert.

Capitula Itinms.

235

D captis Ç. niton pru auqua suspaooiie E5i|j. alios quoscumque qualir delibari fat hi felonibus suspensis, & dampnatis alibi qu a JustiJ, ad [omnia"] ptita, ad quo^mausaBsl devenerunt ii qui terras si quas taunt aji, quo tempore, & q'ntum valent p aim Bri: currunt in aliis Warennis sine licenda £a

1 De parris balliris qui faciunt 'mem f a Scotale, quandoque [Slsonsale] it tnotqiis *. ¥equcnrib5 hundredura tt eonm subditis. Dtlsri ligerc faciunt serrisiam, ctprbas1] in iwiido iti qui detrahunt et extorquent blida piupenunijr.SE 1 setviiiam que MSS.

, t Sulsenak MS.Htrl.

[ Velaghcsbale MS. Hurl. 66J.

Çficium serrisiam, et col%um garbaj fer i e jturquentibj blada pauperu et detnhetinbj. Vi*¥'

* in term suit line Waranto dot Regis- i et ikarkellis T. U MSS.

> fuerint replegiabUes MS. Hurl 6<J. T with Ô replegian . ^

s ad pacandu plusquamd/i. nartw,'

" comoma T. If MSS.

ã De VicecoS qu. ceperunt *.**.

cans pro rcspefiu habendo nc

cans, pro p BnÈoBOÇÇto

cap,,, de non Tense" bus &y|nai

rosceperut Sc quantum.

runt denarios pro tl*lll,i ^

[Dt hiis qui m h*Ò v,

Icteriorant vel destruut. *] nalicia Pras vel tenenta sÇ ^iBM

iora.ruqdnonponeren^^^

.isdem. De hiis qui

oqnelas [negociordS ^^ ^fjt

i;ftndend3,perqdvenmÇ^

.. See Article ÇÇ*ÈÒ'.

..fcnegocia MS.Htrl.^?

2.

4-

5-

6.

8.

9-

to.

Inciphjnt Capitula Nova, de eisdem piitis; Terrtpore Jt. E. fa&a.*

0UOT & que dnica Maneria dns Rex ht in manu sua in singut Comitatibj, tam scitt de antiquis diucis Corone q*m de escaetis & pquisitis. Que eciam maSia esse solent in manib} Regu predecessor pk, qui ea nunc tenent, quo War, & a quo tempore, p quern & quomo fuerint alienata. DÕ feodis dni reg & ilia tenentibv & qui ea [eo mo' ] teneant de ipo in capite & quot feoda singuli eo<p teneant, & que feoda ter2i solent de Rege in capite & nuc tenent' p mediu, p que mediu, vel medios, & a quo tpre alienata fuerint, & qualiter, & p quos: (*) utm per Ballivos aut p eos- dem [gentes,Õ3 & p quos Ballivos & p quos [gentes,3] & a quibj alienate sunt, & qualit & a quo tempore. Inquirat' de firmis Hundrojj, Wapentag, Tridingo^, Civitatum, Burgojs, & alio^ reddituu quorumcumq, alienatis, & a quo tempore. Quot Hundra, Wapenf, Triding sut nuc in manu Dili Reg, & quot & que sunt in manib} alioij, (4) & quo War, & quot valeat quodtt hundr p annu. DÕ settis antiquis, cons, & servic & aliis rebj diio Regi & antecessoribj suis sub- t*dis, qui ea subt'xerint, & a quo tempore, & qui h5i sedas, cosuetud, & servic, & alia ad ipm Regc pti- nencia be consueta sibi ipis appriaverint & a quo tem.pore & quo Waranto. Qui eciam clamant a Rege hre retumu, vel extradas brium, et qui piita teneant de namio vetito, & qui clamat hre Wreccu Maris, quo Waranto, & alias libtates Regias, ut furcas & assisas panis & evis & alia que ad Coronam ptinent, & a quo tempe. DÕ (.*) hnt Libtates p Regem Angl con- cessas & eis aliter usi fuerint qÕm fa cere debuissent & a quo tempore, & quo modo. DÕ libtatib} concessis que impediunt coem justiciam, & Regia potestatem subvertunt, & a quo concesse fuerut & a quo tempore. Qui eciam appaverint sibi libas chacias, vi Warenna, sine War; & qui ab antiquo hsi chacias vf Warcnam ex concessione Reg huerint & fines & metas extorse- rint, & a quo tempe [dni Reg execucom huerint.6] Qui eciam dni aut eop senescalli vt Batti quicumq, seu eciam dni Reg Ministri, no sustinuerint mandato^ diii [k execucom fieri, aut ea facere contempserint, vel aliquo alio modo fieri impedierint a tempore constitucionu istap apud Marlebergh anno Dni pk Henr pris Reg E. Iij¡.

1 modo Rot. Pat: Lib. X: T.

Õ De Pris eciam tenenciu de antiquo dnico Corone tam liberojj ookemanno^ quam Uondo^, Rot. Pat: Lib. X: T.

* tenentes Rot. Pat : Lib. X: T.

* et a quo tpre Rot. Pat: T. {s' MSS. s hiis etiam qui Rot. Pat: T. &MSS.

4 Rot. Pal: T. (i MSS. omit.

Here Begin The New Artici.es of the said Pleas ; made in the Time of King Edward.*

TTOW many and what Demesne Manors our Ixird the King

hath in his Hand in the several Counties, as well, that is Manors, to say, of the ancient Demesnes of the Crown, as of Escheats and Purchases. What Manors also used to be in the Hands of the Kings his Predecessors, who now hold them, by what Warrant, and from what Time, by whom and in what Manner they were aliened. Of the Fees also of out Lord the King, KingÕi Fee*, and of the Tenants thereof, and who now hold them of him in Chief, and how many Fees each of them holdeth, and what Fees used to be holden of the King in Chief, and arc now holden through a Mesne Tenant, and by what Mesne Tenant or Tenants, and from what Time they were aliened, and how and by whom. Of the Lands also of those holding of the ancient Demesne of the Crown, as well Freemen Sokemen

Lands in antient Demesne;

as of Bondmen, whether they have been aliened, whether by aliened by Bailiffs or by such Tenants, and by what Bailiffs, and by j}omjmen. what Tenants, and from whom, and how and from what Time. Inquiry shall also be made of the Ferms of Hundreds,

and of other

Ferms of Hundreds, See. alienated.

Wapentakes, Trithings, Cities, Boroughs,

Rents whatsoever they be, which have been aliened, and from what Time. Also how many Hundreds, Wapentakes, and Trithings are now in the Hand of our Lord the King, and how many and what are in the Hands of others, and from what Time, and by what Warrant, and how much each Hun.dred is worth by the Year. Of ancient Suits, Customs, and Services, and other Things withholden from the King and his Ancestors, who have withholden them, and from what Time, and who have appropriated to themselves such Suits, Customs, and Services, and other Things, pertaining and by Usage be.longing to our Lord the King, and from what Time, and by what Warrant. What Persons also claim to have from the King the Return or Estreats of Writs, and who hold Pleas de namio vetito i and who claim to have Wreck of the Sea, by what Warrant, and other Royal Liberties, as Gallows, and Assises of Bread and Ale, and other Liberties which belong to the Crown, and from wlrat Time. Of those also that hold Liberties granted to them by the Kings of England, and have exercised them otherwise than they ought to do, and from what Time, and in what Manner. Of Liberties granted, which are in hindrance of common Justice, and do subvert the Roval Power, and by whom they were granted, and from what Time. Of those also who have appropriated to themselves free Chaces or Warrens without Warrant, and likewise those who of old have had such Chaces or Warrens from the Royal Gram, and have unduly enlarged their Metes and Bounds; and from what Time. Also what Lords, or their Stewards or Lords and Bailiffs whosoever, or even the Officers of our Lord Contemner* the King, have not persevered to enforce the Execution of of die KingÕi the Commands of our Lord the King, or have contemptu.ously negleded to execute them, or in any other Manner have hindered them from being executed, from the Time of those Constitutions made at Marlborough, in the Fifty- second Year of King Henry, the Father of King Eduard.

Suits and Services, tcc. withholden, 4c c.

Claim of Return of Writs, and other Liberties.

Exercise of Liberties.

Grants of detrimental Liberties.

Usurpations of Chaces and Warrens.

Commands.

* The Distinction thus made in Lib. Cast. London, between this Part of the Capitula itineris and the preceding is not noticed in Tottell's Printed Copy. In several MSS. this Part is distinguished by the Title of Ô Novi Articuli.' In Ub. Scare. tt'utm.X.fi. 42 (38) b. this and the succeeding Part are included in one Instrument, intituled Ô Arcicti de InquisiSiibj facicnd.Õ The preceding Part, containing the Capitula Vetera is not entered in that Manuscript. The Various Readings marked Rot. Pat. arc from tfic Patent Roll, 2 Edw. I. m. 6. on which is entered a Precept from the King Ò Dc inquis fac Ó dattd at the Touer of London 11 Otl. assigning certain Persons, in several Counties, to make Inquiry on Oath Ò de quibjdam juribj, lititatibj St rebj aliis nos & statum nrm neend & statum coitatis coin piicoy contingentibj, et insup de ft is & gestibj Vicecoitum U flattop quojcu j, in Coni predtfs, put in arriefis quos vob inde tÔdidims pleniš ptinet'.* The Arti. les of Inquiry subjoined to the Precept extend front rlu Beginning of these Capitula Nova to the End of Chapter 34.


Capitula Itineiis,

<235

Purp tenures.

Knights Fees, &e. alienated to Eccle.siastics, Sic.'

Sheriffs, Bailiffs, Uc. bribed or negligent ;

or making improper Amerce.ments.

Sheriff's

Tourn.

Fines for

Redisseisin,

See.

Oppressions of Office.

Extortionate

Bailiffs.

Payers of the KingÕs Debts.

Receivers of the KingÕs Debts.

Bribes to

respite

Knighthood.

Distresses to take up Arms.

Undue

Execution of Writs, &c.

Gaolers suborning Provers;

permitting Escape of Felons; or extorting for Bail.

Corruption, &c in Office.

Of all Purpresturcs committed upon our Lord the King himself or his Royal Dignity, by whom they were done, and how and from what Time. Of Knights Fees, of whose Fee soever they were, or Lands or Tenements given or sold to Men of Religion or others, in prejudice of the King, by whom, and from what Time. Of Sheriff's taking Gifts for consenting to the concealing of Felonies committed in. their Bailiwicks, and who have been negligent in attaching such Felons, for favour, as well within Liberties as without. In like Manner of Clerks and other Bailiffs of Sheriffs, Coroners, and their Clerks, and their Bailiffs of any Sort, and who have done so in the Time of our Lord King Henry after the Battle of Evesham, and who in the Time of our Lord the now King. Of Sheriffs and other Bailiffs whatever, taking Gifts for removing Recognitors from Juries and Assises, and from what Time. Of Sheriffs and other Bailiffs whatever, who have amerced those who were summoned to make Inquisitions by the Precept of our Lord the King for Default, when, by the same Summons, there came sufficient Persons to make such Inquisition; how much they have taken, and from whom on the Occasion aforesaid, and from what Time. Also, Whereas the Sheriff ought to make his Tourn only Twice in the Year, who hath made his Tourn oftener, and at what Time. Whereas Fines for Redisseisin or Pur- prestures made by Land or Water, for hiding of Treasure and other such Things pertain to the King, and the Attachment thereof to the Sheriffs; Who have taken such Fines, and from whom, how much, and at what Time. Also who by the Power of their Office have maliciously troubled any, thereby extorting from them Lands, Rents, or other Payments, and from what Time. Of Sheriffs who have delivered over to extortionate Bailiffs, oppressing the People beyond Measure, Hundreds, Wapentakes, Trithings, at high Rents, that so they may levy their Ferms, and who such Bailiffs were, and to whom such Damages were done, and from what Time. Who have received the King"s Command to pay his Debts, and have taken from the Creditors a certain Portion for paying them the Remainder, and nevertheless have caused the whole to be allowed to themselves in the Exchequer or elsewhere, and from what Time. Who have received the King's Debts, or part of the Debts, and have not thereof acquitted the KingÕs Debtors, as well in the Time of our Lord the King Henry as in the Time of our Lord the now King. Who have summoned any that they should be made Knights, and have received Bribes from them for favour to be shown, and from what Time, and how much. And if any Great Men or others, without the Precept of our Lord the King, have distrained any to take up Arms, and from what Time. Whether Sheriffs and other Bailiffs of any Liberty have made Summonses not in due Manner, according to the Form of the Writ of our Lord the King, or have otherwise fraudulently and insuffi.ciently executed the Precepts of our Lord the King for Entreaty, Bribe, or Favour, and from what Time. Also who have had Provers in Prison, and have made them appeal faithful and innocent Persons for the Sake of Gain, and some.times have hindered them from appealing the guilty; and by whose procurance such Things were done, and from what Time. Also who have had in Prison Felons, and for Money have permitted them to go away and escape from Prison free and unpunished j and who have extorted any Money for let.ting out Prisoners upon bail, when they were bailable, and from what Time. Who have received Gifts or any Gains for the exercising or for the not exercising their Offices, or have executed or exercised them without the Precept of our Lord the King, in other Manner than belonged to their Office, and from what Time ; And all these Things shall be enquired of as well concerning Sheriffs, Coroners, and their Clerks and

DÕ omnib} p'prestuf feis sup dnm Regem vel Re- u galem dignitatem per quos fa&e fuerunt, & qualiter, & a (') tempore. [ÔDÕ feodis Militaribj cujuscumq feodi, ^ aut terns aut tenementis datis vt venditis Religiosis aut aliis in prejudicium jfc, p quos, & a quo tempore.Õ]

De Vic capientib3 mu3a, ut consenciant ad conceland ^ felonias faftas in Battis suis, & qui negligentes sint ad felones h9i attachiandis quocumque fevore, tam infra Iibtates q*m ex*. Simili modo de cticis & aliis tj. ballivis vie, Coronatoriby & eop clicis & eop Ballivis quibuscuq^, et qui ita fe5int tempore Henr Reg post bellu de Evesh*m & qui tempore dni Reg nunc.

DÕ Vi? & Battis quibuscumq^ capientibj mu9a pro t6. recognitorib} amovend de juratis & assis & a quo tpe.

DÕ Vie & Battis quibuscumq, qui amerciaverint illos 17. qui sumoniti fuerint ad inquisiciones faciendas p preceptu Dni Reg pro defalta cu p eande sumoni- cionem psone veniint sufficientes ad h9i inquisicio- nem faciendam, & quantu cepint & a quib} occ6ne predca & a quo tempore. Cu vie non debeant tumii 18. suu tenere nisi bis in anno, & qui tumu pties fe£it k a quo tempore. Cum fines de rediseisina, aut p'pres- tur feis p terram vt p aq*m, pro occultacione Thesauri,

& aliis h9i que ad dnm Regem ptineant & ad viC hsi attach; Qui cepint fines h9i & a quibj & quantu & 10.

a quo tempore. (J) DÕ Vic qui tradiderunt battis ex- n,

torsoribj, pptm gravantib3 supra modu, Hundr Wapent Triding [& alias firmas,4] ut sic suas firm as [lederent,5]

& qui fuerunt illi bafti & q'b3 fuerint h9i dampna illata & a quo tempore. [Qui cepunt mandatum Dni Reg 21. ut ej9 debita sdverent & a creditorib} aliquam por- cione recepunt ut eis residuu solverent, et nichiloi9 totum sibi allocari fe?int Sc*cio vt alibi & a quo tem.pore.6] Qui recepint debita Reg vt ptem debid, & 23.

[debita ilia7] non acquietaverint, tam de tempe dni Reg Henr qÒm de tempore dni ^ nuc. Qui sumoneat 24. aliquos ut fierent Milites, & pro respeftu hndo, ab eis lucra recepint & a quo tempore & quantum. Et si qui Magnates vt alii sine precepto Dni Reg dis- t'nxerunt aliquos ad arma suscipienda & a quo tempore.

Cum Vicf & alii batti cujustt libtatis fecerint non debito 25. modo sumoniciones, sedm formam bris dni (') vt alias fraudulenter, seu min9 (9) executi fuerint preceptaReg, prece, precio, vel favore, & a quo tempore. Item qui 16¥

huerunt probatores inprisonatos & fecerint eos appel- lare fideles & innocentes ca lucri, & quandoq eos impedierit, ne culpabiles appeliarent, & p quo£ procu- racione talia tea fSint & a quo tempore. Itm qui 17. hSint felones inpÔsonatos & pro pecunia eos a prisona evadere pmiserint libos & [ministros.10] Et qui geccu- 28. niam extorserint pro p'sonis dimittend p plevinam [cu replegiabiles non fuerint"] & a quo tempore.

Qui dona vel alia lucra recepint p officiis suis exercend vel non exercend, vt aliter executi fuerint seu exocuerint [fines mandator,r] Reg ali? q*m ad offm suu ptinuit &a quo tempore; Et ista inquirantur [aÕQVif, Coronatorib;,

1 quo Rot. Pat : T.

1 T. and some MSS. omit. Rot. Pat; Lib. X; insert.

I If qui potestate officii sui aliquos maliebse occona- verint & p hoc extorserint ?ras reddit5 aut alias presumes be a quo fpre. Rot. Pat : Lib. X. and several MSS.

4 ad altas firmas Rot. Pat. 4 levarent Rot. Pat: T. if MSS.

6 T. W some MSS. omit. Rot. Pat. Lib. X. U MSS. insert.

7 debitores illos Rot. Pat: T. W MSS.

Ô Reg Rot. Pat: T. U MSS.

.> sufficien? Rot. Pat: T. (J MSS. impune Rot. Pat.- Lib X. impunes T. tf MSS.

" cu sint repleg Rot. Pat: cu sint replegiandi Lib.X.

II sine mandate T. The MSS. in general agree with the Text.

Rot. Pat: Lib X. read, Ò excesSit fines mandati.Ó

,J tam de Rot. Pat: T. itf MSS.


elf

ad

leT

or

oe.

of

sen

Kin

Ker

leir

Bur

the

her

.om

her

ned

for

¥cnt

en,

hat

urn

ter,

'nr.

tnd

ent

om

the

:br

md

to

ne,

¥0

ind

ne.

nd

"g

ole

it,

È.

<*

as

ed

rd

at

r*,

*7

ft

ot

ir

È-

IT

0

ll

f

t

r

P'Prcstur ft,,

Pkm Vutem a-. p ^ ^

rSn>sV

¥1 lerri. .... 1

!mb"!*k.Çi 1*1,

75 * E.ÇhV 47>tWL

ite {

oui .. nm ,T . **

qm fuerint jd i?Õ ^

nã_ c. ¥ , tªat suffiaenta *1 ii ¥ '

DeÈ ftaendam, & ^ ÒJ S

^utenere nisi & h _ Muotempore. Cum ft* tur P terrain vt p aq*m Dro ^T*1

l?r*d4-vw,f

Kh; ÒpntfiwlfliaAiu a quo tempore. (¥) D* VS qui tnj,J. t¡rs¡rib3, pptm gmamib-, supra modu,Hi*;ÇÈ

rt*f[i*lasfinna.Ô]utiwfca>fe

kqmfaenmtaStaBfcrtteKiii

& a quo tempore. [Qui cepunt m A debiÒ tolrerent & a creditorih; aS^a. cione recepunt ut eis residuu solnrai, j g totum tibi allocari fe?int Sc*ck> vt alibi ha, pore.*] Qui recepint debita Reg rlpal,! [debita iliaÕ] non acquietaverint, tam de apt Reg Hen? q*m de tempore diii p jik. ^k> aliquos ut fierent Milites, & pro respedb bti eis lucra recepint & a quo tempore h pa i si qui Magnates vt alii sine precepo Dni ijj t nxerunt aliquos ad arma suscipiemia iipne Cum Vi? & alii batti cuj

modo sumoniciones,---------------

frauduknter, seu min9 (¥) aecuti fuerint pietqtii prece, prccio, vel favore, & a quo tempore, bi huerunt probatores inprisonatos k frail of lire fideles & innocentes d lucri, 4 Hi1 impedierit, ne culpabiles appellarffl, ifftn radnne talia fca faint & a quo ÇF hSint felono inpÕsonatoe & pro pecunia sat* evadere pmiserint libos k [miniitros. ] kff niam extorserint pro p1*š) ^

[cu replegiabiles non fuerint ] i i (š Oai dona vel alia lucra recepint p office

quo tempore; Et ista niquirantur [a ]',

1 quo Rot- Pti . T- ....

-t^ttSS.m.^%

Ôit cm**È*.

rerint k p hoc oWW È TJu & , quo fpre. Rot- U: ¥ f ^ 0

¥ ad altw firmas lU.Pf- ã ri/yjS*

r debitors dlos At- "*¥

. Reg UP* T.

¥ tufficien? J

'¥ impune A<- Pd: U . .

..c/simreplei^-J^^

Ç ,me mandato T-1 , ,

**pÇ-uh

¥i am de U Pd ¥

31*

32,

33-

34-

35-

8c eo^ clicis 8c Ballis quibuscumque, q*m de Dnis

30. 8c Battis libtatum q'jicuc^. Item qui Vi£f vel custodes Castrop vt maSio^ dni Reg, de opacionib} dni Reg quibuscuq,, vt eciam visores hei opacionu ubicuqs fafta^ per preceptum dni pt, magis computaverint vel testificati fuerint in eisdem, q'm racionabili? [apposuerint'] et sup hoc falsas allocaciones sibi fieri procuraverint. Et simili? qui pefm vt maeremiu, vel alia ad h9i opa- ciones empta seu provisa, ad opus suu amopit seu retinSit, quid & q*ntu dampnu dns Rex inde hSit te a quo tempore. DÕ EscaetoribÈ3 & subeschaetoribj in seysina Diii Reg, facientibj vastum vel destruccione in pcis, boscis, vivariis 8c warennis, infra custodias sibi co- missas p dnm Regem, quantum 8c de quibus, 8c quo- modo & a quo tempe. Ifm de eisdem si occasione h9i seisinar cepint bona defun&op vel heredu in manu dni Reg injuste donee redimerentur ab eisdem, quid & quantu (*) ad op9 suu retinSint 8c a quo tempore. (J) Item de eisdem qui min9 sufficienter extenderunt terram alicujus in favorem ejusdem vt alterius, cui custodia terrap illa^ vendi vel concedi debuerat in decepcionem Dni Reg, 8c ubi 8c quomÓ & quid inde cepint 8c quan.tum 8c a quo tempore. Item de eisdem qui prece, precio, vel favore, consenserint vel consulerint custo.dias Dili Reg vendere p minori qÔm vendi debuerant, sect in verum valorem, (4) vel maritagia heredum te.nendum de Rege in Capite, vel maritagia dnap vidua^s marita^ sine licencia dni Reg, 8c quid ppt hoc

36. ceperunt 8c quantum &c. [5 Item de eisde qui consen-

suerunt 8c procuraverunt qd juratores inquisicionu fafta^, de etate heredum, dicerent ipos heredes fuisse plene etatis cum no essent, unde Dns Rex amitteret

37. custodias vel maritagia h9i heredum.1] Item de eisdem qui reservavW, ad op9 suum pprium, custodias vel maritagia h9i hedu pro levi precio, sive p concela- mento ftfo in Cur dni Reg, & cujusmodi dampnu dns

38- Rex inde ftuit 8c a quo tempore. Item cujusmodi terras seisiert & p quantu tempus eas in manu dni Reg.

39- Item de terris captis in manu Dni Reg que non debe- rent capi & postea restitutis p p*ceptu [Et cum pre- ceptii fuerit6] utru pcepta restitSnt ad mandatum diii Reg, aut non. Et de oibus predcis fadis vel comissis infra xxv. annos px p>titos predd Justi? se intromittant. Et oines illi qui sentiunt se sup hiis gravatos 8c inde conqueri voluerint, audientur & fiet eis justicia; 8c ipi justiciarii sequantur pro hiis que ad dnm Rege contingunt.

1 disposuerint MS. Harl. 667__Rot. Pat; Lib. X. as Text.

Õ ita cepint p hujsmodi redepcoe & quid Rot. Pat \ Lib. X.

Õ If de eisde q' cepint mufila a quibjcuq, p officio suo exc- quendo vt no exequedo q*ntu & a quibj & quo fpre. Rot. Pat :

Lib. X.

4 vel maritagia ad dominii Begem speftatia. Et si aliquo modo concelaverint custodias domini regis, T. iJ MSS.

5 T. and some MSS. omit.ÑLib. X; MSS. Harl. 667, 1033, 1120, insert.

5 diii Regis, cu perceptis, T. ti MSS.

Bailiffs whatever, as concerning the Lords and Bailiffs of

Liberties whatever. Also what Sheriffs or Keepers of the FiUe Ñ , Accounts

t-astles or Manors of our Lord the King, concerning Works 0f Keepers of

of any sort done for our Lord the King, and also what Over-

seers of such Works, wheresoever done by order of our Lord the Works.

King, have computed or certified more in the same than they

could have reasonably applied, and thereupon have procured

false Allowances to be made to them. And in like Marnier Embezxler*

, , , of the King's

who hath carried away or retained to liis own Use, Stone, Timber, &c.

Timber, or other Things bought or provided for such Works,

and what, and how much Loss our Lord the King hath had

thereof, and from what Time. Of Escheators and Sub-Es- Escheators

cheators in the Seisin of our Lord the King, making Waste E^heato,-,,

or Destruction in Parks, Woods, Vivaiies, and Warrens, commuting

Wutc i

within the Wardships committed to them by our Lord the King, how much, and.of what, and from what Time. Also making of the same Persons, if under colour of such Seisins they have g*irurM ; taken the Goods of dead Persons, or of Heirs, into the Hands &c- of our Lord the King unjustly, until they were redeemed by such Persons, what and how much they so took, and for whose Redemption, and what they retained to their own use, and from what Time. Also of the same Persons who have taken Gifts from any for executing, or for not executing, their Office, how much and from whom, and from what Time. Also of the insufficient same Persons who have insufficiently extended the Land of any Extents I one, in favour of him or of any other to whom the Custody of those Lands ought to be sold or granted, in deceit of ourLord the King, and where, and when, and what they therefore took, and how much and from what Time. Also of the same Persons who ,mdue!y

for Entreaty, Reward, or Favour, have consented or consulted *e^*n8,?r

* concealing

to sell any Wardship of our Lord the King, or the Marriages Wardships

belonging to our Lord the King, for less Price than they ^iges***Ó

ought to be sold according to their true Value; and if, in any

way, they have concealed the Wardships of ourLord the King,

or the Marriages of the Heirs of those holding of the King in

Chief, or the Marriages of Ladies, Widows, married without

the KingÕs Licence, and what they have taken therefore, and

how much, &c. Also of the same Persons who have consented procuring

and procured Jurors on Inquests made concerning the Age of H^irT-1'

Heirs, to say that the said Heirs were of full Age when they

were not so, whereby our Lord the King should lose the

Wardships or Marriages of such Heirs. Also of the same taking to

Persons who may have reserved to their own Use the Ward- ^vkrdsh'ip*

ships or Marriages of such Heirs, by a light Price, or by &c-

Concealment made thereof in the Court of our Lord the King,

and what Loss the King hath thereby had, and from what

Time. Also what Lands they have seised, and how long in Seizure and

the King's Hands. Also of Lands taken into the Hands of Restoration

of Lands.

our Lord the King, which ought not to have been taken, and afterwards restored by order of our Lord the King with the Profits, whether they restored the Profits at the Command of our Lord the King or not. And of all the aforesaid Matters The Time to done or committed within Twenty-five Years last past, the aforesaid Justices shall take Cognisance. And all who feel themselves aggrieved upon these Things and will thereof com.plain shall be heard, and Justice shall be done to them ; and the Justices themselves shall make Suit for those Things which touch our Lord the King.

which the Enquiry shall extend.

Vol. I.

.1 R

Go g!e

Ticspasser* upon Religious Houses.

Retinue, icc. of Sheriffs.

Escapes of Thieves.

Wreck.

Unreasonable

Amerce.

ments.

Prises.

Pursuit of

Felons

neglected.

Concealment bv Sheriffs, of Felonies, Sc.

Rapes.

OF Great Men and others coming to lodge at the Houses of Religious Persons, when thev were not invited by the Governors thereof, at the Charges of the same or at their own Charges, against the Will of such Religious Persons; and if any, by Occasion of any Affinity, or any other Pretext, have chaced in the Parks or fished in the Ponds of others; or have entered the Manors of Prelates, Men of Religion, or others, to eat or pass the Night without the good will and Licence of the Lords or Bailiffs of the same Manors, at the Charges of the same Lords, or at their own Charges. And likewise of those who have broken or opened Locks, Windows, Doors, or the like, or have taken Victuals or other Things found in the same Manors under colour of buying or otherwise. Also of those who have caused to be thrashed or taken away Corn, Victuals, or other Goods of Prelates, Men of Religion, or others, under colour of buying or other.wise, against the Will of those to whom they belonged. Also of those who have taken away Oxen, Horses, Waggons, Carts, Ships, or Boats, to make Carriage, without the Consent of those to whom they belonged; and if with their Consent, of those who have not made Satisfaction on the Bargain between them. Also of those who have taken Revenge of any who have denied them Food or Lodging; and likewise of those who have taken Revenge because that any have complained in the King's Court, upon the aforesaid Grievances. Also of those who have sent to the House of any Men of Religion, or the Manors of any Men of Religion, Men, Horses, or Dogs to be entertained at their Costs. Also of Sheriffs coming to lodge in their Bailiwicks with more than Five or Six Horses, or who by frequent comings and beyond Measure have bur- thened any. Also of those who have levied Escapes of Thieves orFclon9, before they have been adjudged by our Justices in Eyre. Also of those who by Colour of Wreck of the Sea have appropriated to themselves the Goods of any, when the same ought not to be called Wreck, nor did belong to them. Also of those who were amerced without reasonable Occasion, and not according to the Quantity of their Offence, and not by their Peers, and by whom they were amerced. Also of Prises of Constables of Castles, made of the Goods of others than those who are of the Towns where the Castles are situate; and if of the Goods of those who are of the same Towns Satisfaction hath not been made within Forty Days, except the antient Prises due and accustomed ; by whom such Prises were made, and when. Also of those who at the Command of the Sheriff or other Bailiffs of our Lord the King, or at the Cry of the Country, have not caused to be pursued and ar.rested Felons, abiding as well within Liberties as without. Also of Sheriffs, Coroners, and other Bailiffs abiding in the Country, as well within Liberties as without, who for En.treaty, Bribe, or Favour, or for any Affinity, have concealed or procured to be concealed Felonies committed in their Baili.wicks, or have withdrawn themselves from the arresting of such Malefactors. If any hath ravished Damsels being within

¥ DE Magnatibj & aliis venientibj hospitand ad domu Religiosop, cum non essent requisiri p guber- natores eotydem (1) vel ad custum pprium contra voluntate eo^dm Religiosojj; & si qui occSne cuj9cumqs affinitatis, vel alia racione quacumq, fugavW in pels vi piscati fuerint in vivaf alio£, vt ingressi fuerint maneria prelatojs, reiigiosor, vt aliop, ad edmedendum vel pnoc- tandu, sine voluntate & licencia dnop vel ballivoj} ectydem mafficty, ad custu eo^dem diiop vel ad custum ppriu. Et similiter de hiis qui seruras, fenestras, hostia vel consimilia fregerunt seu apierunt, seu vifhialia vel alia bona inventa in eisdem marJiis cepint sub colore empeionis vel aliter. DÕ hiis qui triturari vt capi fe- cerunt blada vi&ualia vel alia bona platop, Religiosity vel alio;*, sub colore empeionis vel ali? contra volun- tatem eojj quop ipa fuerut; (*) et si de voluntate, de hiis qui no satisfecerut de covencione in? ipos fafta. Item de hiis qui vindi&am fecerint quibuscumq qui escas vt hospicia eis negaverint; et simili? de hiis qui vindcam fecW eo qd si aliqui sup predfis g*vaminibj in Cur dni Regis conquesti fuerint. Item de hiis qui miserunt ad domu religiosop vel maneria Religiosoty vt alkty, holes, Equos vt canes phendinantes ad custum [alienu.3] Item de ViC venientibj hospitandu in Battis suis cum plibj q*m quinq vel sex equis, vt qui p fre- quentes advent9 & ultra modu quoscumq oSaverint. Item de hiis qui levaverunt [escambiu4] latronu vel felonu antequa adjudicati fuerint p Justicf itinerantes. Item de hiis qui sub colore de Wrecco maris bona quoscumq, sibi app'averint, cum ea did Wreccu no debeant, nec ad ipos ptineant. Item de hiis qui amer- ciati fuerint sine racionabili occbne, & non sedm q*n- titatem detci, & no p pares suos, & p que amerciati. Item de prisis Constabularioty castrop, feis de bonis aliojs quam eop qui sint de villa ubi castra sita sunt; et si de bonis eor qui sunt de eisdem vitt & non sa- tifem fuerit infra xl. dies; exceptis antiquis prisis debitis & consuetis p quem h9i prise fade fuerint & quando. Item de hiis qui ad mandatum vie & aliojt Battiop Dili Reg, vel ad clamorem pat'e sequi vel arrestari non fecerint felones, convsantes tam infra lib- tates quam ex*. IV vie coronatoribj & aliis battis conversant in pat;a tam infra lifetates q*m ex', qui prece, precio, vel favore, vel quacumq affinitate, conce- laverint vel concelari pcuravW felonias fcas in battis suis [vt qui se subtÒxerint ad hujusmodi Malefaftores capiendos.3] Si quis rapuerit domicellas infra etatem

1 ad custum earundem,T.&MSS.Ñ ad custos eoydem Lit.X-

1 Item de hiis qui ceperint boves, equos, carros, carc&as, naves, vel batellos ad cariagia facienda sine voluntate eorum quorum ipsa fuerint; T. fa1 MSS.

È eoru. T. W MSS. * eschapia T. W MSS.

5 vel se finxerint attachiarc [vt arestare Lit. AÕ.] hujusmodi malefa&ores in favorem eorumdem, qualiter & quomotlo. T. fa* MSS.

i.

3*

4-

J-

6.

J-

9-

'0.

ii.

ii.

i3

* The Articles of Inquiry brought together in Lib. Oust. London, in this Third Part, relative to the Observation of certain Provisions in Stat. Westm. I, 3 Edw. I. are in the Printed Copies intermixed with the Contents of the former Paris. In Lib. Scncc. Wrstm. X. they form Part of the Ô Articuli de Inquisicoib; faeiend.Õ See Note at bottom of Page 235.


Tetnp'Incefl.

Capitula Itineris.

the 'itcd ame ious any rods n of ;ood

lots,

tÇ*

cks,

\ or

ring

shed

ales,

hcr-

Mso

ms,

lose

K)IC

cm.

u?c

Èho the rose the t to ; to

**È

¥ur-

Tes

i in 5ca the

:m.

on,

not

of

cn

ms

T*

set

n<i

he

ir-

it.

m-

id

i-

)f

n

*DE Magmtib k d¡mu Relimã...

'> cum

14*

(') vcl

Çat

.in

natores v¡luntatc .***,

*d custu Et similiter de

hiis

Tel jd

¡*Sr

wnpaoms vel aliter. DÕ hiij

arunt bladi Tifiualij vel &

sub colore empoo^S,,.

... Òf 1Ò¡f >P>fcerat; (*)aide(L.

IlllS QU1 no nh'cLuj:. j Ç

tatem

qui no sadsfeceru, de coveadcn* b?a,. tem de ^quivmdicbtfecem,^.

escas vt hospicia cis negaverint; Ç vindfam fetfnt eo qd si aliqui sup pnda ^ in Cur dni Regis conquesti fuerint 1š^ miserunt ad domu religiose^ vel weil^ vt alioj, hoits, Equos vt canes phafas^ [alienu.1] Item de Vic veniendb) kuptš^ suis cum ptibj qÕm quinq, vel so equis, vl*|, quentes advent9 !e ultra modu quoscinq 4j Item de hiis qui levavenmt [esamhiu1] bat felonu antequa adjudicari fuerint p Jusdf aes Item de hiis qui sub colore de Wreccoaai quopeumq sibi app'averim, cum ea did fc, debeam, nec ad ipos ptineant. Item dehisce ciati fuerint sine racionabili occone, i wife titatem detfl, 8c no p pares sum, & p qoe' an Item de prisis Constabulary castrop, fiii aliop quam eoj qui sint de villa ubi casraDB et si de bonis tor qui sunt de dsdeo dim tifhn fuerit infra xl. dies; eiceptb nop* debitis & comuetis p quern h5i prise fade tal quando. Item de hiis qui ad manta *!¥ Battioji Dni Reg, vel ad clamorem put *Õ¥ arrestari non fecerint felones, convsantes taacE. tates quam exÔ. IV vid coronatorfc 4 i * conversant in pat'a tam infra libates q1* - prece, predo, vel favore, vel qtiaannqita* laverint vel concelari pcuravW Um *>'È suis [vt qui Çc subt'xerint ad hujusmodi

capiendos.1] Si quis rapuerit domicetbs ^-

. ^ custom eanmJeniJ.fr'

. Item de hiis qui ceperim b¡vo. < naves, vel batello, ad Ç£È **

quorSmipsafuennf, T. - ufl

seoru .T.UMSS. *+

s vel se finierint atachure makfadorcs in farortm Ç¥"*"Õ f

If MSS.

a 6.

'7-

a 8.

¥9-

30.

II.

2 2.

J3-

24.

*5-

26.

lhe Cositsat* d š _ . at bottom of ^ ',:

M7

existentes [cont* voluntatem cap.'] Item de vie & aliis battis qui replegiaverlt felones cum non essent reple- giabiles [et similiter de hiis qui prisones replegiari re- cusavW qui replegiables fuerint; *] et si que recepint j> p*dcis replegiacionibj, quid & quatum & a quibj. Item de hiis qui cepunt avia aliop vel capi fecerint in uno Comitatu et ea fugaverint ex* comil ilium ; & similiter de hiis qui cepunt av*ia vt districciones ex* feodum suu. Item de hiis qui fugaverint averia ad castra vel forcellata & ea ibi detinSint cont* vad & salvos ptg, cum p Vi? vt Ballivos Regios petita fuerit eor deli- bacio. De Vic? & aliis ballivis qui recepint debita dni Reg Henr, vel debita dni Reg nunc, de Sum Sc*cii et debitores inde non acquietaverint, & de eof her qui modo (Õ) sunt supstites & q*ntum recepint & a q'b}. Item de maleftoribj pcop & vivariop & eciam de hiis qui veniendo, morando & redeundo, q'mcuq, robiam fecerint, & de aliis rebj quibuscumq,.

It de hiis qui fecerint districciones in Civitatibj, Burgis, nundinis, vel mercatis, sup holes forinsecos de regno isto, pro debito alicuj9 nisi sint debitores vel plegii. Item de Ministris Dni Reg qui manutenSint p se vel p alios, alias loquelas vel negocia in curia Dni Reg existencia, de terris & tenementis vel aliis rebj, ut beant inde ptem, [vt aliquod profeftum p convencdm inde inter eos fa&am.*] Et similiter de vie & aliis ministris dni Reg capientibj muSa pro officiis suis exercend. Item de Cticis Justic, Eschaeto^ vel Inqui- sitop, capientibj denarios pro capilut dclibandis nisi fuerint Ctici JustiC in ItiSe. Et de illis si plus cepint, qua ij s. [de warento, hundro qui respondent * ] p xij vel vj. Item de hiis qui capiunt supflua vel indebita theolnea, in Civitatibj Burgis vel alibi, cont* coem usum Regni. De Civib9 Burgensibj capientibj mu- ragia sibi p dnm p* concessa, aliter quam facere debe- rent, sedm concessionem a dho Rege inde fi?am. (6 ) Item de hiis qui cepint plures equos ad carettas, ad cariagia Reg facienda aliter qua ncce f8it, & qui mu- nera cepint pro eisdem remittend; quid, & qÕntum, & a quibj. Item Magnatibj & eo^ Ballivis, et similiter de aliis, exceptis ministris Regis q'bj specialis ad hoc datur auftoritas, (") ad instanciam cujuscumque vel aufloritate (Õ) attachiaPunt quoscuc^ vel eop bona transeuncia p eo^ potestates, copellend p hoc ipos ad respondend coram eis, de contraftibj convencionibj & t'nsgroibj (,0) exÓ posse & jurisdiccionc suam cum nichil teneant de ipis [ten"] nec infra libtates suas. De Vi? & aliis Ballivis qui non pmiserint pascere quos- cumqã de suo, ppria averia sua capta & inpeata; & quid recepint pro custodia eorumdem, cum illi quojj, avia fuerint hoc fa?e (Õ*) pati; et hoc intelligendum est post [capcione post post prediftum parliamentum." ]

I spote vel invite, seu alias muliercs plene etatis existentes contra voluntatem earum. T. W MSS.

Õ T- and some MSS. omit.ÑLib. X. inserts.

< non T. U MSS.

* T. and some MSS. omitÑLib. X. inserts.

k ad Wapentagiu hundredum seu villatam que respondet .T. y MSS.

'' Itc de hiis qui ceperint viftualia vel alia necessaria ad ops dni Regis, sive ad munitionc castroj> vel alibi [ubieijq,, no.mine creditoj : Et cu ceperunt debitu illud in ScÕccio vt in Garderoba vel alibi7] ea detinuint creditoribus. Et de hiis qui partem cepint debito^ dni Regis, vt alia munera, ut de residue crcditoribj satistacerent. MSS. Harl. 667, 489; Lib. X.

7 T. omits ; and reads < alibi et ea.Õ

' qui T. y MSS. 1 propria T. fJ MSS.

faftis T. y MSS. È T. y MSS. omit.

Ò fuerint T. (J MSS.

II Parliamentum de termino san£li Michaelis, anno domini Regis nunc [Regn Reg E. Lib. A'.] tertio. T. y MSS.

Age, whether with their Will or against it, or other Women, being of full Age, against their Will. Also of Sheriffs and other Bailiffs, who have bailed Felons when they were not bailable, and in like Manner of thoae who have refused to bail Prisoners who were bailable, and if they have taken any Thing for such lettings to bail, what, how much, and from whom. Also of those who have taken the Cattle of others, or caused the tame to be taken in one County, and have driven them out of that County; and likewise of those who have taken Cattle and Distresses out of their Fee. Also of those who have chaced Cattle to Castles or Fortresses and there detained them against Sureties and Safe Pledges, when their Delivery was demanded by the Sheriff or other the KingÕs Bailiffs. Also of Sheriffs and other Bailiffs who have received the Debts of King Henry, or rhe Debts of our Lord the now King, of the Summons of the Exchequer, and have not ac.quitted the Debtors thereof, and of the Heirs of those who are not now surviving, and how much they have received, and from whom. Also of Trespassers in Parks and Vivaries, and of those who in coming, tarrying, and returning to or from any Place, have committed any Robbery, and of any other Things. Also of those who have made Distresses in Cities, Boroughs, Fairs, or Markets upon Strangers of the Realm, for the Debt of another, unless they were Debtors or Pledges. Also of Officers of our Lord the King, who have maintained, by themselves or others, the Pleas or Businesses of others, existing in the Courts, concerning Lands and Tenements, or other Things, that they might have Part thereof, or any Profit, by Agreement made between them concerning the same. And likewise of Sheriffs and other Officers of our Lord the King, taking Gifts for exercising their Offices. Also of the Clerks of Justices, Eschcators, or Inquirers taking Money for delivering of the Articles, unless they be the Clerks of the Jus.tices in Eyre ; and of them if they take more than Two Shil.lings for a Wapentake, Hundred, or Town, which answereth by Twelve or by Six. Also of those who have taken super.fluous or undue Tolls in Cities, Boroughs, or elsewhere, against the Common Custom of the Realm. Also of Citi.zens and Burgesses, who, in respeft of Murage granted to them by our Lord the King, have taken otherwise than they ought to do, according to the Grant of our Lord the King, thereof made. Also of those who have taken Viduals or other Things needful for the King's Use, either for the furnishing of Castles, or elsewhere, in any place, in the Name of Cre.ditors and when they have received that Debt at the Ex.chequer or in the Wardrobe, or elsewhere, have detained the same from the Creditors. And of those who have taken part of the Debts of our Lord the King, or other Gifts that out of the Residue they might satisfy the Creditors. Also of those who have taken more Horses for Carts to make Carriage for our Lord the King, otherwise than was necessary, and and who have taken Gifts for remitting tlie same -, what, and how much, and from whom. Also of Great Men, and their Bailiffs, and likewise of others, except the KingÕs Olficers to whom special Authority is given for the same, who at the Instance of any one, or of their own proper Au.thority, have attached any, or their Goods, passing through their Jurisdiftions, compelling them thereby to answer before them of Contrails, Covenants, and Trespasses made out of their Power and Jurisdictions, when they held noihing of them, nor within their Liberties. Also of Sheriffs and other Bailiffs who have not permitted any to feed, from their own Stock, Cattle taken and impounded ; what they have taken for the Custody of them, when the Owners of the Cattle were ready so to do : And this 13 to be un.derstood after the Parliament of the Term of St. Michael, in the Third Year of the Reign of our Lord the now King.

Bailing of Felons, &c.

Unlawful

Distresses.

Detention of Cattle.

Sheriffs not acquitting the KingÕs Debtors.

T respassers in Parka, &rc.

Distresses

upon

Stranger*.

Maintenance by Officers ot the King.

Extortion by Sheriffs j

Clerks of Justices, &c.

Undue

Tolls.

Murage.

Frauds and Abuses in Purveyance.

Attachments tu compel Appearance in Liberties.

Feeding ol

Cattle

impounded


238

Capitula Itmeris

Tetnp.Inun

Distresses on Beasts of the Plough, &c.

Superfluous

Distresses.

Sale of Distresses.

Gifts for Avowries.

Confederacies to maintain Suits.

Alienations of Lands, to avoid Juries.

Of Distresses made after the King prohibited the same in the said Parliament, by Animals employed for Tilling the Earth, or even by Sheep, for the Debt of our Lord the King or of others, or on any other Occasion, or by any other Person, when other sufficient Distress was found. And like.wise of superfluous Distresses, made as well after the said Parliament as before. Also of Cattle taken for the Debt of our Lord the King, or for any other cause, and sold within Fifteen Days after the Taking, after the Parliament aforesaid. Also of those who take Reward from any for having an Avowry, when they are not their Tenants nor residing within their Tenures. Also of those who bind themselves by mutual Oaths, unjustly or justly to defend fraudulently Parts of Pleas or Suits affeding their Friends or Well-wishers, as in Assises, Juries, Recognizances, whereby they cannot be convitted in such Pleas or Suits according to the Truth. Of those who aliene Lands and Tenements by Fraud, or in any other Manner, against the Arrival of the Justices, so that they may not be put on Assises or Juries, who they were, and by whose Procurement such Things were done, and for what Time. And all those Things which touch the aforesaid Statutes, distin&ly and openly shall be inquired ; so that Jus.tice be done to every Complainant, and that the Pains in the said Statutes contained be adjudged against every Offender, either at the Suit of the King or of others, according to what is contained in the said Statutes: But the Pains in the said Statutes contained are to be adjudged for Offences com.mitted after the Feast of St. Michael, in the Second Year of the Reign of King Edward, and not before j Yet for Tres.passes or Offences before then committed, such Pain shall be adjudged, as before the aforesaid Statutes was wont to be adjudged in like Cases.

Here end the Articles relating to the First Statutes of King Edward.

[De districcionibus faftis postquam Rex inhibuit in dco pliamento p animalia ad Wannag terrap deputata.vel eciam p bidentes pro debito diii Reg vel alioji, seu alia quacumq, occ&ne, vel p quemeumq,, cum alia sufficiens districcio inventa fuerit. Et simili? de superfluis districcionibj fa£tis tain post pliamentu q*m ante.'] Item de averiis captis pro debito dni Reg vel alia occasione p quemcumque & venditis infra [xv dies.'] [Item de hiis qui capiunt mercedem ab aliquib; pro advocacione finda, cu no sint eop tenentes, nec resi- dentes in tenuris eop.4] (J) De hiis qui alienant terras & teiita p fraudem vt alio modo contra adventu JustiC, [ut6] poSentÕ in Assisis, juratis; qui fuerint illi & p quo£ pcuracionem talia fafta fuerint & a quo tempore.

p Et hec omnia que contingunt predefa statuta, dis- tin die & apte inquirantur; ita qd cuitt conquerenti fiat justicia, & qd pene in eisdm statutis cbtente cuilibet [offensionem *] adjudicentur, sive ad sedtam Reg, sive aliojssedm qd in eisdem statutis 9tinet'; Pene aute in predefis statutis contente adjudicande sunt de comissis (Õ) feis, tat adjudicet' pena quat [autem'¡] [p"] predfa statuta adjudicari consuevit in casibus consimilibj."]

Expliciut capta p'ma Statuta R. E. codngencia.

' T. and some MSS. omit. MS. Hurl. 66"] ., Lib.X. insert.

1 [viginti!] dies post capcionem post prcdictum parliatnen- tum. T. and MSS. 3 q'ndecim Lib. X.

* T. and some MSS. omit. MS. Hart. 667. inserts.

1 Item de hiis qui mutuis sacrametis, se injuste seu juste astringuut, ad partes placitop vel loquelaru, amicos vel bencvolos tangenf, fraudulent sustinend vel defendend, ut in Assisis, Juratis, Recognitionibj, p quod rei veritas in hsi placitis vel loquelis inde no possunt convinci, &c. Expliciunt Capitula de Itinere Vetera & Nova. MS. Harl. 667.

6 ita qd non T. U MSS. See ante.

7Ñ11 T. and some MSS. omit.ÑLib.X: MSS. Harl, 489, 867, insert. Õ offendenti Lib.X: MS.Harl.$6j.

Ç ps fm Sci Michis, Anno regni Regis E. ij¡ et no an. Tamende t*ns€ssionibj vel offensis p'us Lib. Scacc.X.

IO ah Lib. X. 11 Interlined in a later handwriting.

it

Ç9-

3*

Capitula 6scactrieÇ*

ARTICLES of the Office of ESCHEATOR.

Of KnightsÕ Fees and Advowsons.

Tenements holden of the King in Chief.

FIRST, and principally Inquiry shall be made of Knights Fees, and the Advowsons of Churches belonging to our Lord the King, to wit, how many there are, and what Tene.ments there are, and the Quantity of the Tenure, and by what Services.

Also, if those Fees be whole or dismembered, not having respe£l to Time.

Also, if dismembered, by whom, when, to whom, in what Manner, by what Means, and how much they are worth by the Year.

Also, if they be delivered to any one for Term of Life or Years without the KingÕs Licence, then to whom, when, in what Manner, and by what Means, and how much they are worth by the Year. And if they be holden by a Mesne, by what Mesne.

Also of Tenements which are holden or ought to be holden of the King in Chief, if any one make himself Mesne between our Lord the King and his true Tenant, then it shall be in.quired where, when, in what Manner, and by what Means, and to what Damage of the King, or if they have lately changed the Tenure.

PRIMO et pricipaliter inquiratur de feodis militum, et advocationibus ecclesiaru ad dnm Regem per. tinentibus, viz. quot sunt, et que sunt tenementa, et quantitas tenure, et per que servicia.

Item si feoda ilia integra sint, vel demembrata, non habendo respe&um ad tempus.

Item si demembrata, per quern, quando, cui, qua- liter, quomodo, et quantu valet p annum.

Item, si tradantur alicui ad terminu vite, vel an- noru sine licentia Regis, tunc cui, quando, qualiter, et quomodo, et quantu valent p annii. Et si tenentur p mediu, per quern mediu.

Item de tenementis que tenentur de Rege in capite, vel teneri debent, si aliquis faciat se medium inter dominti regem & verum tenement suum, tunc queratur ubi, quando, qualiter et quomodo, et ad quod damnu Regis vel si modo tenuram mutaverint.

¥ These are inserted in TottellÕs Magna Carta, EjV. 155G, among other Articles which are there said to be ¥Ç taken out of Old Copies examined by the Rolls,ÕÕ and then first printed ; but they have not been found upon any Roll, nor in any Manuscript -, and are therefore reprinted from the Text in Tot tell.


Temp. Incert.

Ccipitula Escaetrk.

239

Mula

Ème jn Ô¥"g the King ÔT other nd like.

aid Debt of ' *ithin

'oreuid,

ring M 5 within

ire* by if Part* hen, u nnot be Truth. I| or in ¥0 th* Èe, and or what foreuid

'at Jus.

in the fender, o what

in the * com- fear of r Tros.ha!! be to be

te* of

\T>e d'lsmcdoniiius (iftis d£o pVumattQ p amaiaid^i^^L eclam p btdemes pro debtto

quicumq, occfitte, vel p qtiemamq,

dknccio inventt faeiil. h ini ^ ^ districdotub} fifios tam post pbrnfie-Õ Item de averas capos pro Adsio (a ^ occaaone p qtiemcumqut kvendids 'uin^^ [Item de bos qui cap'nmt merctimii^ advocadone tada, cd oo am e^ssms^ dentes in tenure eo^.Ô] ^ ^

it tenia p Sraudem d alio modo tom ^ [utÔ] potient'm hsaas. mnÇ- '

_ f El bee onuua que commit ^ ^ tinde & apte inquinntu:; iu qidl^ justieja, 8t qd pene in eisdm #jmÈ ^ [offensionem Õ] adjudicentur, sire ad secaU alioj; sfdm qd in dsdem stature qtaf; in predSs statutis contente adjufaimk j (Õ) fu*, tat adjudicet1 pena quit statuta adjudicari consuevit in casibus

Expliciut capia pÔma Statuta H L coDapš

' 7. and some MSS. omit. MS. HjW. 66);LiI

¥ [rigrati >] dies post capciontm poa jraufcai

turn. f. and MSS. 1 qisdccio ii. I

¥ 7. and some MSS. omit. MS.HrHjf. mi

1 Item de hiis qui mumis uenmem, te sjk b

astringunt, ad panes placitoy rel loqoebrj.saieaitx tangenf, fraudulent susonend vel defendead, c a, Juratis, Recognitionibj, p quod rei reritasin ifip loquelis inde nd possunt cominci, tec. Iipbab Itinete Vetera 8c Kora. MS.Hirl.66f.

¥ iu qd non T. tf MSS. Set amt.

._u T. and some MSS. omitÑlif. Z: MSS Hi

867, insert. 'offeudcitili.I'M

rps fi So Micbis, Anno ttgni Rega f. ^ e Tamende tHrs^ssionib) relofemspus lASotl

È an Lid. AÕ. " kMmikrUr,

:4a

ula Û0cattrit.*

e Office of ESCHEATOR,

light* j our

PRIMO et pricipaliter inquiratur deUa et advocationibus eedesaru ad ifetei

rene-

d by

sung

what h by

fc or 1, in . are

. br

den

ten

in.

Im.

elr

tinenobus, viz. quot sunt, et que stint Bm: quantitas tenure, et per que serrida.

Item si feoda ilia Integra siat, rel daefati bubendo respedum ad tempus.

Item si demembna, per quern, quando, a p liter, quomodo, et quanrii raid p annum.

Item, si tndintur abcui ad terminu rte.it noru sine lieentia Regij, tunc cui, et quomodo, et quanrii valent p annu. p mediu, per quern mediu.

Item de tenements que tencnmirttpM rel feneri debent, a aliquis facial se mefas dominfi regem & verum tenentem suum, Off ubi, quando, qualiter et quomodo, et ad fÈÒ* Regis vel aÕ modo tenuram mwaverint.

Its which IKth'rc!lili!¡kt "^ i found upon >nT "ot š ^

Item de aliis qui tenet de corona p magna serjan- tiam, vel parvam, antiquum dominicu dni Regis, socagiu, feodi firmam, vel per aliqd servicium, si iidem tenentes aliquid alienaverint, vel demebraverint, cui, quando, quantum, qualiter et quomodo, sive sint de aliquo honore, sive de corona, et de valore annuo.

Et si aliquis qui de Rege tenuerit per antiquum domi.nicu, vel socagium, mutaverit tenuram suam, et ad damnum Regis, cui, ubi, quando, qualiter, et quo.modo, et ad quod danu Regis, & quantu hujusmodi tenemetu valet p annu.

Item si aliquis concelaverit aliquem redditum, sive aliquod servitium, seu aliquas consuetudines dho Regi debitas, rue quis, quado, qualiter & quomodo, & que servitia, & quem reddiru, & quas cosuetudines, et que tenenita tenent de quibus debentur hujusmodi servitia, et quantum valent per annum & ad quod danum Regis hujusmodi concelamenta sunt.

Item de heredibus quorum customs et maritagium pertinent ad dnm Rege, et dns Rex ea habuerit, quado deberet habere. Et si aliquis hujusmodi heredu ingressus fuerit sine autoritate curie, et absq, legitima etatis sue probatione si infra etatem, et si plene etatis, absq, faciendo regi homagium, vel aliud servitium quod ei debet. Et tunc quis sit ille heres, quo tem.pore intravit, et post mortem cujus, et per quod ser.vitium ilia hereditas teneatur, et quantum valet per annum.

Item de viduis similiter quarum maritagiu pertinet ad Regem, si se maritaverint sine licencia Regis, cui, quando, cujus consensu, & ad quod danum Regis, Sc quantu tenements valent que tenet in dotem de primo marito suo.

Item de heredibus qui deberent esse in custodia Regis, et quis custodia usurpaverit super Regem, et a quo tempore, et quantum tenementa que tenent va- leant per annum.

Ite si aliquis hujusmodi heredum cujus antecessor de Rege tenuit in capite, sive de aliquo herede in cus.todia Regis existente, maritatus fuerit sine liceda Regis, tunc cui, qh, et per cujus consensum, et quantum terre ille valent p annu, et quatu cepit pro maritagio.

Ite si dominice terre dni Regis in isto Wapentagio sunt in tali statu sicut esse deberent, vel si tradantur ad firmam, si dimittantur secundum valore annuu earude; et si custodes vel firmarii vastum, vel destruc- tionem, veditionem, seu exilium fecerint in eisdem, vel in terris existentibus in manu dni Regis per custodiam, vel alio modo, quis, ubi, quando, &c.

Item si aliquis qui de Rege tenet in capite, aliena- verit aliquem redditum, aliquod servitium, vel aliquas consuetudines, ad damnu dni Regis, &c. tunc quis, ubi, quando, &c.

Item si manumiserit aliquem de servis dni sui vel dimiserit terras suas ad tenendum libere et qui tenere deberet in Villenagio, tunc quem, que tenementa tenet, per que servitia pri9 tenuit, q tuc qn fuit manumissus.

Item de Abbatibus, prioribus, hospitalariis, ecclesiis parochialibus, capellis, que de advocaiionibus domini regis esse deberent de jure, & non sunt, quis advoca- tiones illas super Regem usurpaverit, a quo tempore, et ad quod damnum regis, et quis ultimo presentatus i fuit, per quem, et quantum ecclesia valet per annum.

Item de omnibus religlosis qui de rege tenent in capite, si aliquid de possessionib9 suis ad excambiuni, ad terminum, vel alio modo alienaverint, contra forma doni, eis inde fada, tuc cui, quado, & quatu valent p annu 8tc.

Also of other* who hold of the Crown by GranJ or Petit TVninti by Serjeanty, ancient Demesne of our Lord the King, Socage, ^t^Tenurf Fee Farm, or by any Service, if the same Tenants have aliened or dismembered any Thing, to whom, when, how much, in what Manner, and by what Means, whether they be of any Honour, or of the Crown, and of the annual Value.

And if any who hath holden of the King by antient Demesne or Socage hath changed his Tedure, and to the King's Da- mage, to whom, where, when, in what Manner, and by what Means, and to what Damage of the King, and how much such Tenement is worth by the Year.

Also if any one hath concealed any Rent, or any Service, Concealments or any Customs due to our Lord the King, then who, when, 3^or in what Manner, and by what Means, and what Services, and what Rent, and what Customs, and what Tenement they hold whereof such Services are due, and how much they are worth by the Year, and to what Damage of the King such Conceal.ments are.

Also of Heirs, the Wardship and Marriages of whom Wardships belong to our Lord the King, and whether our Lord the King and Marriages. hath had them, when he ought to have them } and if any one Entry of of such Heirs hath entered without the Authority of the Couit, and without lawful Proof of his Age, if within Age, and if of full Age, without doing to the King Homage, or other Service which is due to him. And then who such Heir is, at what Time he entered, and after the Death of whom, and by what Service that Inheritance is holden, and how much it is wotth by the Year.

Also of Widows in like Manner, whose Marriage bclongeth Marriages to the King, if they have married without the King's Licence; Widows, to whom, when, by whose Consent, and to what Damage of the King, and how much the Tenements are worth which they hold in Dower of their First Husband.

Also of Heirs who ought to be in the Ward of the King, Wardship and who hath usurped the Wardship upon the King, and of Heirs, from what Time, and how much the Tenements which they hold are worth by the Year.

Also if any one of such Heirs whose Ancestor held in Capite MlrTj,gf, of the King, or of any Heir being in Ward of the King, of Hein, hath married without the KingÕs Licence, then to whom, when, and by whose Consent, and how much those Lands are worth by the Year, and how much was taken for the Marriage.

Also, if the Demesne Lands of our Lord the King in that jy(mcinc Wapentake be in such a State as they ought to be, or if they Lands, be delivered to Ferm, whether they be demised according to the annual Value of the same, and if the Bailiffs or Fermors have committed Waste or Destruction, Sale, 01 Spoil, in the same, or in Lands being in the Hands of our Lord the King by Wardship or in other Manner, who, where, when, &c.

Also, if any one, who holdelh of the King' in Capite, hath Alienation aliened any Rent, any Service, or any Customs, to the Loss of Rents, of our Lord the King, and then who, where, when, &c.

Also, if he hath manumitted any one of the Villains of his Manumission Lord, or demised his Lands to hold in free Tenure to any of Villeins, one who ought to hold in Villenage, then whom, what Te- change of nements he holdeth, by what Services he before held them, Tenure, by what then, after he was manumitted.

Also of Abbots, Priors, Hospitallers, and of Parochial Advowsont Churches, and Chapels which ought of Right to be of the usurped Advowsons of our Lord the King, and are not, who hath '

usurped those Advowsons against the King, from what Time, and to what Damage of the King, and who was last presented, by whom, and how much the Church is worth by the Year.

Also of all Men of Religion who hold of the King in Chief, Alifrãion, whether they have aliened any Part of their Possessions in by Men of Exchange, for a Term or otherwise, against the Form of the RÔligioo- Gift to them thereof made, then to whom, when, and how much they are worth by the Year, Kc.

Vnr I


240

Capitula Escaetrie.

Temp.Incirt

Uiurpation* by Enlarge.ment of Liberties

Temporaltiet of Foreign Abbots, &c. in England,

Purnrettures in Highways,

kc.

Felonies by the KingÕs Tenants.

Escheats, kc. of Bastards.

Lands of Normans, &c.

Subtraction of Alms, kc.

Castles, Pillories, kc.

Usurpers of Fines, dec ;

Of Wreck.

Of Pontage, Pawnage, kc.

Jurisdiction of Pleas.

Alienations in Mortmain.

Of Idiots, Lunatics, kc.

Lands subjeft to Military Services, acquired by theClergv.

Also of those who hare Liberties by Charters and ancient Royal Grants, if they have enlarged the Bounds of their Li.berties and usurped on the RingÕs Gildable, then where, who, when, what Liberties, and what they are worth by the Year.

Also of Abbots and Priors beyond Sea, who hold of the King in Chief, having Possessions of theirs within the Realm of England, whether our Lord the King in the Time of each Vacation hath seised their Temporalties into his Hand, and hath received the Issues arising therefrom, until the Abbots and Priors are admitted by our Lord the King, and to him, &c. of the Value, 8cc.

Also of Purprestures made upon the KingÕs Highway, Gorscs set up, any Paths obstructed or straitened, then by whom, and from what Time, and how much those Purpres.tures contain, and how much they are worth by the Year In all their Issues.

Also if any who hold of the King in Chief hath committed Felony, whether any, after the Felony done, occupied his Tenements, and from what Time, and how much they are worth by the Year.

Also of Escheats of Bastards who hold of the King in Chief, and of Reversions, Dowcts, and Escheats belonging to them, of what Nature they were, and who occupied such Tenements except the King, and from what Time, and how much they are worth by the Year.

Also of the Lands and Tenements of Normans, Jews, Scots, and others whomsoever, being out of the Allegiance of our Lord the King, who occupied the same, under what Colour, and in what Manner, and from what Time, and of the Value by the Year.

Also of all and singular Alms withdrawn in the Houses of Men of Religion, as in celebrating Masses, making Distribu.tions, repairing Bridges, and doing other Works of Piety, from whence any Right of the King may arise in future, and from what Time they may have been withdrawn or diminished, what Possessions they obtained for the performing those Alms, and how much they are worth by the Year : And if they have alien.ated any of thosePossessions then what, when, and ofwhat Value.

Also of Castles and embattled Houses, Pillories, and Tum.brels erefled without the KingÕs Licence.

Also of those who usurp to themselves Amercements of Bread and other Profits belonging to our Lord the King, then who they are, where, and from what Time, and how much such Matters are worth by the Year.

Also if any one hath taken Wreck of the Sea, Whales, or Sturgeons, then who, when, where, and of what Value.

Also if any one hath usurped Pontage, Pawnage, or Warren, or any other such Liberty, without some special Deed of our Lord the King, and then who, when, and what Sort of Liberties, from what Time, and how much they are worth by the Year.

Also if any having Courts and Liberties by the King's Charters, have usurped to plead Pleas in their Courts which are not pleadable unless in the Courts of our Lord the King, then who, and from what Time, and to what Loss.

Also of Lands and Tenements, Knights Fees and Advow- sons of Churches put in Mortmain after the Publication of the Statute made concerning the not putting Lands and Tenements in Mortmain, by any Art, Engine, Collusion, Means, or Colour, by the Villeins of Men of Religion, &c.

Also of Natural Fools and Idiots, and those who are of non- sane Memory, and who enjoy lucid Intervals, what Manner of Tenements they have, and who have occupied them, and from what Time, in what Manner, by what Means, and how much they are worth by the Year.

Also if Men of Religion or Ecclesiastical Persons, since the Conquest of England, have acquired any Lands or other Tenements charged with Knights Service, or any other Service

Item de illis qui habent Libertates p chartas, & an- tiquas regum concessiones, si metas libertatum suanim elargaverint, & super gildabulu regis usurpaverint, tuc ubi, quis, qii, quales libertates, et quantu valent p annu.

Item de Abbatibus, tt Prioribus, transmarinis, qUi de Rege tenent in capite, habentes possessiones suas intra regnum Anglie, si dominus rex tempore cujus- libet vacationis temporalia in manu sua seisiverit, et exitus inde provenientes perceperit quousque Abbates et Priores de domino Rege admittantur, et ei, &c. de valore, &c.

Item de Purpresturis super regalia strata faflis, gur- gitibus Ievatis, viis aliquibus obstru&is, vel arctatis; tunc per quern, et a quo tempore, et quantum pur- presture ille continent, & quantum valent per annum in omnibus exitibus.

Item si aliquis, qui de rege tenuerit in capite, fecerit feloniam, quis post feloniam fafta tenements sua oc- cupaverit, et a quo tempore, et quantum valent per annum.

Item de escaetis Bastardorum, qui de rege tenent in Capite, & de reversionibus, dotibus, & escaetis eis per- tinentibus, cujusmodi sunt, & qui talia tenements oc- cupaverint preter Rege, & a quo tempore, & quatu valent p annu.

Item de terris et tenementis Normannoru, Judeorii, Scotoru & alioru quorucuq^ cotra fidem dni Regis ex- istentiu, qui ea occupaverint, & quo colore, et qualiter et a quo tempore, et de valore per annum.

Item de omnibus et singulis eleemosinis subtraflis in domib9 religiosoru, ut in missis celebrandis, & distri- butionibus faciendis, pontibus reparandis, et aliis piis operibus faciedis, unde jus Regis emergere poterit in futuro, a quo tempore subtradte fuerint, vel imminute, cujusmodi possessiones obtinet ad illas eleemosinas faciendas, & quatu valent per annu. Et si aliquid de illis possessionibus alienaverint, tunc quid, quado, 8c de q¡ valore.

Item de Castellis & domib9 kemellatis, pilloriis, 8t tubrellis sine licentia regis Ievatis.

Item de illis qui usurpant sibi amerciamenta panis, et alia proficua domino Regi pertinentia, tunc qui, ubi, et a quo tempore, & quatum valent per annum.

Item si aliquis occupaverit Wreccum Maris, balenas, sturgiones ; tunc quis, quando, ubi, et de q¡ valore.

Item si aliquis usurpaverit potagium, pannagium, vel warrena, vel aliq hujusmodi libertatem, sine speciali fatto dni Regis; & tunc quis, quando, et cujusmodi libertates, a quo tempore, et quantum valent per annum.

Ite si habentes curias et libertates p chartas Regis usurpaverint ad placitandum placita in curiis suis, que non sunt placitabilia nisi in curiis domini Regis, tunc qui, et a quo tempore, et ad quod damnum.

Item de terris, et tenementis, feodis militu & advo- cationibus ecclesiarum ad manu mortuam positis post publication? statud de terris et tenementis ad manum mortuam non ponendis ediri, arte, ingenio, collusione, quoquo modo, seu colore per nativos religiosorum &c.

Item de fatuis naturalibus, et idiotis, & illis qui non sunt sane memorie, et qui gaudent lucidis intervallis, cujusmodi tenementa habeant, & qui ea occupaverint, et a quo tempore, qualiter, quomodo, et quantum valent per annum.

Item si Religiosi, vel ecclesiastice persone a Con- questu Anglie aliquas terras, seu aliqua tenementa de servicio militari, vel aliquo alio servicio, in defensionem

Go gJe

ent

Li-

ho,

Capitula Escaetrie.

241

the

dm

ich

rnd

ots

k*.

*7

cs-

ln

ted

hit

ire

m,

its

*7

Çrd

in

ir.

of

Ç-

m

¥m

or

id

iiÈ

e.

tr * Õ*

Item 1* AbbatiW Ç p, ,

Hbe*

ÇPnores de domino Rep nlore, &c. Õ*Ô1

Ptibus levita, to aliquibus ob^ trac per quern, etÈ qM tempore,Ç^T' presture ilk continent, Çt quanta rJa)t in omnibus exitibus.

Item a aliquis, qm de rege tenuerit iuÈ l feloniam, quis post fekmiim totals,' cupaverit, et a quo tempore, et tpaš^ annum.

Item de escaetis Bastardormn, qii i ng j. Capite, k de reversiombus, dodbus, k 9š, tinentibus, cujusmodi sunt, hqui ulna*, cupaverint prete: Rege, 8t 1 quo tš^. valent p annu.

Item de terns et tenements Noraaanii ja

Scotoru k aliorii quorucuq, com 64m fil* istentiu, qui ea occupaverint, !t quo cobre.jp et a quo tempore, et de valore pa ansa

Item de omnibus et singulis tiaras taj domib9 rtligiosoru, ut in nnssis edtUpli butiombus fadendis, pontibus repatan4k,ti operibus fadedis, unde jus Regis mop.]e future, a quo tempore subtract foetint, td'sa cujusmodi possessiones obtinet ad las dm faciendas, k quatu nlent per annu. Its* illis possessionibus alienaverint, tunc qtnd,qii de qÒ valore.

Item de Castellis k domib? kmtMsia tubrellis sine licentia regis levaris.

Item de illis qui usurp# * aª*? alia proficua domino Regi perdnenta, w^Ç 2 quo tempore, Jt quatum valent per atmum

si a

----,Ñ .

pones; tunc quis, quando, ubi, etdefw em si ; Ò Ô Õ Ò Ò

Ò " ---r ã .. .

ša, vel aliq hujusmodi libawm, arte

drli Regis ., It tunc quis, quando, a oos Jtes, a quo tempore, et quantum ratep* si habemes curias et libaataftlmh averint ad placitajidum plidta atm at Ôunt pladtibilia nisi in cm irnl^t et 2 quo tempore, et id quod darn* m de terns, et tenementis, feds libus eedesiarum ad tnanu memm }*' .'arione staturi de terns et tssatsti* 1am non ponendis ediri, arte, mpu ao modo, seu colon per ruriros rtfyn11 tn de fartiis naturalibus, et sane memorie, et qui gaudent nodi tenementa habeant, & qm a kš1 quo tempore, tjiulitcr, quomA I f

! per annum.

,n si Religiosi, vel ecclesiastw f*š" j Anglic aiiquas terras, seu tli^^ io miliuri, rel aliquo alio semx,Ç&

Tcmp.Inccrt.

regrsi onerata, acqulsierunt; qui* remanet oneratus de illis serviciis forinsecis, et de cujuscumque feodo sunt, et si subtrahantur hujusmodi servitia, per quem, et a quo tepore, qualiter, et quomodo; non obstant quod dominus Rex hujusmodi terras et tenementa in puram et perpetuafn eleemosinam confirmaverit.

Item de feodis heredu infra etatem, et in custodia Regis existentium, aut de escaeta, aut acquisitione in manu Regis existehtibus, si quis ea occupaverit, vel super dominum Regem usurpaverit, quis, quando que feoda, qualiter, et quomodo, & quantum valent per annum.

Item de terns, et tenementis, et feodis militum foris- fattis per feloniam faftam, utlagationem, abjurationem, vel alio modo in casu juris, tunc qualiter forisfate, & quatum valent per annu : et si qui ea occupaverint ante- quam dominus Rex inde habuerit annum, die & vastum sine licentia Regis, tunc qui, quado et a quo tempore, et que tenementa habuerut tempore felonie fate.

Item de veteribus escaetis in manu domini Regis, per Escaetores suos captis, quales escaete sunt, & qui illas tenent, & a quo tempore, et quantum valent per annum.

Item de escaetis burgensiu, et infra burgu qui obierunt sine herede, et absq, legatione fate de tene.mentis suis secudum consuetudine Burgi, vel Civitatis; et de eschaetis feloniarum infra Civitatem, vel burgum, tunc cujusmodi escaete sunt, et quantu valent p annu, et qui illas tenet et occupaverint, & a quo tempore et qualiter, et quomodo, &c.

Item de solo regis appropriate sine licentia Regis in via regia, vel alibi, per que, quando, qualiter, et quan.tum valet per annum.

Item de ducentibus viftualia ad Scotos, inimicos, & rebelles drii Regis, per terram vel per aquam, vel qui eis prestaverint consiliu, auxiliu, vel favorem ad danu dni Regis & populi sui; tunc qui sunt, qualia tene.menta tenent infra regnum Anglie, et quantu valet p annu, & de valore catalloru eorudem similiter.

Item de bondis & limitibus inter dnm rege & alios quoscuq, sitis, raptis, vel Imutatis, tunc ubi, et per quem, ad quod damnu Regis.

Item de Mercatis, Nundinis, Tolnetis, transversis, & ebsuetudinibus injustis sine licentia regis levatis, tunc ubi, quando, et a quo tempore, et quantum valent per annum.

Item si aliquis dederit tenementa sua aliquibus reli- giosis, vel ecclesiastice persone, sibi & ecclesie sue, ut ilia tenementa reassumat tenenda de eisdem, tunc que tenementa modo predifto contulerut, cui, quando, qua.liter, et quomodo, et quantum valent per annum.

Item de tenementis Archieporu, Eporu, Abbatu, & Priorum qui fuerint danati p felonia fate tempore va.cations, du temporalia fuerint in manu dni Regis, tunc que tenementa tunc temporis tenuerunt, et qui ea in- gressi sunt, et de quibus tenentur, et per que servitia, et quantum valent per annum.

for Defence of the Realm; who remaineth charged with those Foreign Services, and of whose Fee they are, and if such Ser.vices be withdrawn, by whom, and from what Time, in what Manner, and by what Means: Notwithstanding that our Lord the King may have confirmed such Lands and Tenements in pure and perpetual Alms.

Also of Fees of Heirs who are within Age and in Ward Fees of of the King, being in the King's Hand either by Escheat or by Purchase, if any one hath occupied them or usurped them against the against our Lord the King, who, when, what Fees, in what "K- Manner, and by what Means, and how much they arc worth by the Year.

Also of Lands and Tenements and Knights Fees forfeited Lands by Commission of Felony, Outlawry, Abjuration, or otherwise by A(X of Law; then in what Manner forfeited, and how much they are worth by the Year, and if any have occupied them before that our Lord the King had the Year, Day, and Waste thereof, without Licence of the King, then who, when, and from what Time, and what Tenements they had at the Time of the Felony committed.

Also of ancient Escheats seised into the KingÕs Hands, by his Ancient Escheators, what Manner of Escheats they are, and who hold Exeats, them, and from what Time, and how much they are worth by the Year.

Also of the Escheats of Burgesses, and those within Escheats in Borough, who have died without Heir, and without Legacy made Borougha^ of their Tenements according to the Custom of the Borough or City ; and of Escheats of Felons within City or Borough, then what Sort of Escheats they are, and how much they are worth by the Year, and who hold and occupy them, and from what Time, and in what Manner, and by what Means.

Also of the KingÕs Soil appropriated without Licence of the King, in the KingÕs Highway, or otherwise, by whom, when, in what Manner, and how much it is worth by the Year.

Also of those who carry Viduals to the Scots, Enemies and Rebels of our Lord the King, by Land or by Water, or who have afforded them Counsel, Aid, or Favour, to the Damage of our Lord the King and of his People; then who they are, what Manner of Tenements they hold within the Realm of England, how much they are worth by the Year, and of the Value of the Chattels of such Persons in like Manner.

Also of the Bounds and Limits situate between our Lord the King and others whomsoever, taken away or changed, then where, and by whom, and to what Damage of the King.

Also of Markets, Fairs, Tolls, Passage-Monies, and Customs, unjustly levied without Licence of the King, then where, when, and from what Time, and how much they are worth by the Year.

Also if any one hath given his Tenements to any Men of Religion or Ecclesiastical Person, to him and his Church, that he might resume those Tenements to be holden of the same Persons, then what Tenements they conveyed in Manner afore.said, to whom, when, in what Manner, by what Means, and how much they are worth by the Year.

Also of the Tenements of Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, and Priors, who were condemned for Felony done in the Time of Vacation, while their Temporalties were in the KingÕs Hands, then what Tenements they at that Time held, and who have entered them, and of whom they are held, and by wlut Ser.vices, and how much they are worth by the Year.

Highways

appropiialed.

Aiders of the Scots being Enemies.

Bounds of the King's Lands, Sic.

Tolls, ice. usurped.

Conveyances to Religious Persons to re-hold of them.

Lands of Bishops, ice. condemned for Felony.


( 24Ô2 )

Direftions for making Survey of a Manor. The

Buildings,

Demesne

Lands.

The foreign Pasture.

The Parks

and demesne Woods.

Foreign

Woods.

Pawtiage,

Herbage.

Mills, and

Fishings.

Freeholders

<£jctenta S^anerit.*

For Extending or Surveying a Manor.

FIRST, It is to be inquired of the Castles, and also of other Buildings compassed about with Ditches, what the "Walls, [Buildings, Timber, Stone, Lead, and other manner of covering is '] worth, and how they may be prized according to the very Value of the same Walls and Buildings; and for how much the Buildings without the Ditch may be prized, and what they be worth, with the Gardens, [Curtilages,] Dove- houses, and all other Issues of the [Court1] by the Year.

It is to be inquired also, how many Fields are of the Demesnes, and how many Acres of Land are in every Field, and what every Acre is worth by the year ; [and 5] how many Acres of Meadow are of the Demesnes, and how many be in a Field, and how much every Acre by itself is worth by the Year to be let; also how many Acres of Pasture there be, and for what Beasts or Cattle the same Pasture is most necessary, and how many it will find, and of what manner, and what the Pasture of every Beast is worth to be let by the Year.

Also it is to be inquired of Foreign Pasture, that is Common, how many, and what Beasts and Cattle the Lord may have in the same, and how much the Pasture of every Beast is worth by the Year to be let.

Also it is to be inquired of Parks, and Demesne Woods, which the Lord may [assert*] and improve at his Pleasure, and how many Acres they contain, and how much the Vesture of an Acre is worth ; and how much the Land is worth after the Wood is felled, [and how many Acres it containeth,] and how much every Acre is worth by the Year.

Also it is to be inquired of Foreign Woods, where other Men have common, and how much the Lord may improve to himself of the same Woods, and how many Acres, and for how much the Vesture of every Acre may be valued at, and how much the Ground is worth yearly after that the Wood is felled; and how many Acres it containeth, and what every' Acre is worth by the Year.

And it is to be enquired, whether the Lord may [give or sell5] any Thing of the Residue of the foresaid Woods and what such Gifts and Sales are worth by the Year.

Also it is to be inquired of Pawnage, Herbage [of the Town,] Honey, and all other Profits of [Forests, Woods6] [Rivers,] Moors, Marishes, Heaths, Turbary, and Waste, and how much [it isÕ] worth by the Year.

Also of Mills, (") Fishings several and common, what they be worth by the Year.

Also it is to be inquired of Freeholders, the which dwell without, as well as within, that is to say, how many Freeholders there be, (9) and what manner Lands and Tenements, and what Fees they hold, and by what Services, whether it be by Socage, or Knights Service, or otherwise, and what they are worth, and pay yearly of Rent of Assise, and who hold by Charter, and who not, and who by old Tenure, and who by new Feoffment. Also it is to be inquired of the said free Tenants, which do follow the Court of the County, and which not, and what and how much falleth to the Lord after the Death of such free Tenants.

1 and buildings of Timber and Hone, covered with lead or otherwise, are Ô Court-Yards 1 si Iso it is to be enquired

Ç assart

s dispose of 6 Pivories

Ç and 9 and who they are,

Ex Lib. Horn. London, fo. 155 b.

OTNQUIRENDUM est de Castris et aliis edifidis fos-

A satis circumdatis, q*ntum muri (*) edificia lignea et lapidea, plumbo vel alio modo cooperta, valeant,Ç pro quanto porunt apreciari sedm verum valorem eopdem murop & edificiop ; Et pro quanto edificia ex* fossatutn po?unt apreciari, et q*ntu valeant, una cum Gardinis Columbariis & omnibj aliis exitibj Cur p annu.

Item inquirendu est quot Campi sunt in dnico, et quot acr tVe sunt in campo, & quantu valet quelibj acra per se per annu; Ilm inquirendu est quot acre prati sunt in dnico, (5), et quantu valet quelibj acra ad locandum per se per annu; (*), & ad [huj9moi ] bestias & animalia pastura ilia fait mag n??ia, & quot & quales possit sustinere, & qÒntu valet pastura cu- j9libet bestie & animalis per se per annu ad iocani

Item inquirendu est de pastura forinceca que est cois, quot & quas bestias & quot animalia et que dns [Rex ¡] habere possit in eadem, & quantu valeat pas.tura cuj9libj bestie & animalis per annu, ad locandum. Item inquirendum est de parcis & dnicis boscis, que dns ad voluntatem suam poPit assartare et excolere, & quot acras in se contineant, & pro quanto vestura cujuslibj acr poPit apreciari & quantum fundus in Èe contineat & valeat quando prostratus fSit, & quantu valet quelibj acra per se per annu.

Item inquirendu est de bos? forinsecis ubi alii cbmunicant, quid de eisdem bos? dns sibi possit appruare, et de quot acris, & pro quanto vestura cuj9libet acre comuniP possit appreciari, & quantum fundus valeat qii prostratus fSit; (Õ).

Item inquirendum est utrum dns de Residuo boscop predi&ojs forinsecoj} dare possit & quantu valeant huj9modi donaciones et vendiciones per annu.

Item inquirendu est de Pannag, hbag, melle [oniibus,1] & omnibj aliis exitibj vivariop, mariscop, morajs, Bruop, Turbariap, & vastop, & quantu valeant per annu.

Item de Molendinis & Piscariis sepalibus & coibj, quantum valeant per annu. Item de libtre

Tenentibj quibuscumcy, & forincecis vel extrinsecis, In.quirendu est quot sunt libere Tenentes, & qui, k quas Pras & que tenements & que feoda teneant, & per quod serviciu, utrum per Sokag vel serviciu militare vel alio modo, & quantu valeant per annu & reddant per annu de Redditu ass ; Et qui tenent per cartam, & qui non, & qui tenent p antiqua tenuram, & qui per novu feoffamentu. Inquirendu est de predcis libere tenentibj & qui secunt' Cur de Com in Coni & qui non & quid & quantu accidit dno post mortem taliu libere tenenciu.

1 Imprimis MS. Cott. 1 et, MS. Colt.

3 et quot sunt in campo, MS. Cott.

4 item quot acra pasture, MS. Hurl.

3 cujusmodi, MSS. Cott. iff Hart.

6 MSS. Cott. iff Harl. omit.

7 et quot acras in se contineat, & quantum valeat quelibet acra per se per annum, MS. Harl.

8 oleribus MS. Cott.

7 they are

¥ This is inserted in the Printed Copies as a Statute of 4 Edw. I. The Various Readings are from MS. Harl. 395 ; and MS. Cott. Claudius D. 11. from the latter of which the Copy in Cay's Edition was printed.


Temp¥ Inert.

Extent a Manerii.

*a %neri(.*

" A MÇo,

nd

ith

le,

3W

he

:he

hat

fe.

ar.

:he

3

by

7

:de

n't

of

hat

:tle

the

sne

at

>nd

nd

=7

ere

>rd

DW

n,

Ex Lib U.r, ,

Õ"š A v*J

1 tem inquirendu est nnnr r, .

rarÇK. ?L,r*

prati sum in dnico m * ^ s?

^locwdumpersipe/J^^

Vtem 1D<Iuiradii de ^ f_; cots, quot & quas besdas k q

[Rex *] habere possit in | tm cuj9hb3 besde k F Item inquirendum est de pards I dfÈ ad voluntatem suam pofj i

& quot acras in se contmeact, cujuslibj acr poftt apreciari k contineat & valeat quando pn valet quelibt acra per se per ann ? Item inquirendu est de b cdmunicant, quid de eisdem appruare, et de quot acris, ! cuj^libet acre com unit possit; fundus valeat qii prostratus Ft

f Item inquirendum est boscop predicted forinseco valeant hujsmodi docacione f Item inquirendu est de Pan k omnib) aliis exitiba vivario; Turbariap, & vastop, k q f Item de Molendinis k P quantum valeant per annu Tenentibj quibuscumq, k fo quirendu est quot sunt li tras & que tenementa serviciu, utrum per St alio modo, & quantu ' annu de Redditu as; 1 non, & qui tenent p ant

feofamentu. Inquirend

Si qui secunt' Cur de Cc quantu accidit dno post

1 Imprimis MS-Oil' i ft quot sunt in campo, item quot icu pasturt cujusmodi, MSS. 0

i cujusmodi, MSS. 01 a MSS. Cell. ^ Fieri <

¥ MSS. Celt, (j nen 7 et quot acris in k ' annum, -

The Various Ri Çhich the Copy in Cap'1

243

qf Item Inquirendum est de Custumariis quot sunt Custumarii, & quantu t re quilibj Custuinarius teneat, & que opera & quas cons faciant, & quant valeant opera & cons cuj9libj Custumarii per se p annu, & q'ntum reddat de redditu ass p annu pre? opera & consuetud, & qui possint talliari ad voluntatem dni & qui non. q[ Item inquirendum est de Coterellis, que cotag & Curtulagia teneant, per quod serviciu, & quantu reddant p annu, pro prediftis Cotagiis & Curtulagiis. f Item inquirendum est de placitis & perquisit Comi- tatuu & Cur Foresta? cum expeditacione canu, & quantu valeant per annu in omnib} exitibj. qf Item Inquirendu est de ecctiis que ptinent ad donacionem dni, quot & que sunt, & ubi, & quantum quelibet ecctia valet per annu per se sedm veram estimacionem illius. Item Inquirendum est quantum valeant Heriota, Nundine, [Mercheta,1] Consuetudines k servicia, Opaciones k cons forincece ; & quantum valeant placita Sc perquisita, Fines & Relevia, k omnia alia casualia que accidere possunt in omnibus per annu, &c.

1 Mercate, Ferie, Printed Copies.

It is to be inquired also of customary Tenants, that Customary is to wit, how many there be, and how much Land TcninU' every of them holdeth; what Works and Customs he doth, and what the Works and Customs of every Tenant be worth yearly, and how much Rent of Assise he paid yearly besides the Works and Customs, and which of them may be taxed at the Will of the Lord, and which not.

IT is also to be inquired of Cottagers, that is to say, Cottage* and what Cottages and Curtelages they hold, and by what urtt ****' Service, and how much they do pay by the Year for all their Cottages and Curtelages.

IT is also to be inquired of Fleas and Perquisites of the Counties and of the Courts of the Forests, with Rawing of Lawing ol Dogs, and how much they be worth by the Dog*.

Year in all Issues.

IT is also to be inquired of Churches that belong to p?tI?nJgfÔ the Lords Gift, how many there be, and what, and ¡ urc ct' where, and how much every Church is worth by the Year, after the true Estimation of the same.

IT is also to be inquired, what be the Value of Libertm, Herriots. Fairs, Markets, [Eschetes,1] Customs, Services, smien,' kc and foreign Works and Customs ; and what the Pleas and Perquisites [of Courts,] Fines, and Reliefs, and all other Casualties are worth by the Year, that may fall in any of these Things.

1 Not in Original.

ConsuetuDtneg $ M&iBt De jfojesta.*

The CUSTOMS and ASSISE of the FOREST.

Ex MS. Lansd. 480, fo. 195.

SI quis forestarius invenSit aliquem attachiabilem p viridi in foresta, primo debet ipm attachiare p duos pleg si sint psentes, sin autem, duci debet ad px villam ubi inveniant'. F.t si idem inveniat' alias debet ipm attachiare p quatuor pleg; Et si Pcio, coram viridariis debet psentari & poni p ofto pleg, postea post terciu attachiamentu corpus debet attachiari & retineri; ut memoria fteatur qd virid sit, Sciend qd omes arbores fruftum non portantes, & her que fruclum portant p totu annu & fraxinus si antiquitus fSint in foresta & arabil q diis Rex est in seisina. Si quis inventus f&it ext" diiicum boscum & infra rewardum, psternens quar- cum sine visu aut libafoe forestarii aut viridarii, debet attachiari p quatuor pleg & p visum viridaf debet quarcus appeiari & in rotul forestar k viridar noia pleg imbri. Si quis inventus fu it in dnico dni Regis assarfando vel p'presturam faciendo corpus debet ptinus retineri. Si autem ext" dnicum infra rewardum debet poni p sex pleg. Et si alias inveniat' debet duplicare ejus pleg. Si tcio, corpus debet retineri. Si quis attachiabilis fuit cont* vad & pleg debet distringi p catalla sua infra metas foreste invela; Si autem defe- <?int corpus ejus detineat' quousq fee?it quod debSit; Et si ext* metas foreste fuit nianens, nomen ejus & villa unde sit irrotulent': Libacio autem housbote & haibote fiat put boscus pati potest in statu quo est, & non ad exigenciam petentis, nec potest aliquid dare nec vendere de bosco sine waranto dni Regis.

IF any Forester shall find any Man attachable for Attachments Green-hue in his Forest, first he shall attach him for Vert, by Two Pledges, if they be to be found, if not, he shall be brought to the next Town where they may be found.

And if [they be afterward Ô] found, he shall attach him

by Four Pledges. And if the Third Time, he shall be

presented before the Verdors, and be put by Eight

Pledges; afterward after the Third Attachment his

Body shall be attached and retained; [for a Remembrance

that he is a Verdor. Know !] that all Trees not bearing

Fruit, and those which bear Fruit at any Time in the

whole Year, and an Ash if he be old [shall remain in

the Forest, and Arable,Õ] because our Lord the King is

in Possession. If any Man shall be found felling an

Oak without the Demesne Wood, and within the Pre-

cin£t, without the View or Delivery of the Forester

or Verdor, he shall be attached by Four Pledges, and

by the View of the Verdor the Oak shall be appraised,

and the Names of the Pledges shall be written in the

Roll of the Foresters and Verdors. If any Man shall Assart, and

be found in the KingÕs Demesnes assarting or doing Purprcium.

Purpresture, his Body shall be forthwith retained; but

if without the Demesnes within the Precindl he shall be

put by Six Pledges; and if he be afterward found

he shall double his Pledges; if the T hird Time, [he

shall retain his Body.*] If any Man attachable do Sureties

refuse to put in Sureties and Pledges he shall be dis- by Parties

trained by his Cattels found within the Bounds of *>uchcd

the Forest; but if he have none, his Body shall be

detained until he have done that which he ought; and

if his Abode be without the Bounds of the Forest,

his Name and his Place whence he is shall be inrolled.

But Delivery of Housbote and Haybote shall be made ã ,

[- ¥ ... È 1 ¥ Housebote,

[as the Wood-seer may suffer the same to remain '] Ha> bote, in the State in which it is, and not at the Request of the Demandant; neither may he give nor sell any Thing of the Wood without the KingÕs Warrant.

1 he be again

1 That it maybe remembered "ajh.lt <' Green-hue, It is to be inonvn

* being in the /trable Land ovitbin the hore.t

¥ hit Body shall be detained Õ according as the Wool will allow

* A Copy of Part of this Instrument was primed in Cay s Edition from MS. Colt. Vetp. IS. i'll, where it is intituled ¥ Articuli Jc attach Foreste.' The Deficiencies of that Copy were supplied by Cay, from some other Manuscript not specified, and from the Old Edition* of the Secisnda Pan I eterum Statutorum. The Translation is from RastallÕs English Collection trio}, where it is placed after Ordiuatio de Foresta 33 Edw. f. In ManwoodÕs Forest Laws this Instrument is quoted as of (1 Edw. I.

VOL. I.


Assisa de Foresta.

244

Deer found dead.

Greyhounds.

Mastives.

Deer-stealers.

Hue and Cry after Offenders.

Duty of the Woodward.

Agistment of Woods.

Pawnage.

Cattle of Persons not of tile County.

MowersÕ

Dogs.

Privileged

Persons.

Woods in the KingÕs Hands.

Bounds.

If any Deer be found dead or wounded there shall be an Inquisition made by [Six' ] of the next Villages to the Forest which shall be written in the Roll; the Finder shall be put by Six Pledges and the Flesh shall be sent to a Spital House, if by Testimony of the Verdors and the Country there be any nigh ; but if there be no such House near, the Flesh shall be given to the Poor and Lame, the Head and Skin shall be given to the Poor of the next Town, and the Arrow, if there be any found, shall be presented to the Verdor, and inrolled in his Roll. If there be any Greyhounds found running to do any Hurt, the Foster shall retain them, and present them in the Presence of the Verdor, and send them to the King or Chief Justice of the Forest. If any Mastive be found upon any Deer and shall be [rnusled,1] he whose Mastive he is shall be quit of the Deed; but if he be not [rnusled *] the Owner of such Mastive shall be guilty, [as if he had given it him with his Hand,1] and he shall be put by Six Pledges, whose Names shall be written, and also what Dog it was. If any Man take Deer in the Forest without War.rant, his Body shall be arrested wheresoever he be found within the Bounds of the Forest; and when he is taken, he shall not be delivered without special Com.mandment of the King, or of the Chief Justice of the Forest. If any see any misdoers within the Bounds of the Forest, to take or carry away any Deer, he shall do what he may to take them, and if he cannot he shall levy Hue and Cry, and if he do not so he shall remain in the KingÕs Mercy. If any Woodward shall see Mis- deers within his Wardship, or shall see a dead Wild Beast, he shall shew him to the Chief Foster or Verdor, and if he do not, and the Foster of our Lord the King find such a Fault in his Wood within the Precindl, that Wood shall be taken into the KingÕs Hands by the KingÕs Commandment, or of his Chief Justice, and the Woodward is to be attached by Four Pledges. If any Man shall have a Wood against the Demesne Wood of our Lord the King, it is lawful for him after that the Demesne Hedges are agisted, to have in the Time of Pawnage so many Swine as the Wood may suffer, by the View of the Foster, Verdor, Regardor, Agistor, and other lawful Men, and this shall be done of the Profit of the Swine. Know that in the Time of Pawnage, when the Agistment ought to be made, the Fosters, Verdors, and Agistors ought to crave the Assent of the Justices of our Lord the KingÕs Forest, and seek their good Will, and the Agistment shall be made as well within the Demesne Hedges and Woods as without, and the Agistment shall be made according to their Commandment, and Tenour of their Letters, which Letters he shall have before the Justices of the Forest in the next Circuit. And it is commanded, that hereafter be taken for every Hog as much as may be, to the Use of our Lord the King for Pawnage, that is to say, One Penny or ii d. but of little Pigs there shall be no more paid then was before. If any Man of another County put or willingly suffer his Cattle to go within the Bounds of the Forest, the Foster may retain the Cattle by Sure.ties and safe Pledges, which if he cannot do, by the Testimony of the Verdors he shall shew the Sheriff of the County thereof, that he may make Distress until he find Pledges ; if the Sheriff do it not the Foster shall shew the same to the Justices. No Mower shall bring with him a great Mastive to drive away the Deer of our Lord the King, but little Dogs [to look to such Things as lie open.*] Of those which claim to have Privileges, as Dogs [without Claws,5] and Greyhounds, within the Bounds of the Forest, they shall have nothing to do without our Lord the KingÕs Warrant, or his Justices. A Wood remaining in the Hands of our Lord the King by One Year and One Day, it is in the KingÕs Pleasure, except it be recovered by the Judgement of the Justices. All the Bounds of the whole Forest are the KingÕs.

1 Four 2 txfiedilated

1 oj if he had done the deed with his own hand 4 to wait without the Covert.

' not Jawed

Si aliqua fera inveniat' mortua vel vul&ata debet fieri inquisicio p quatuor villatas ppinquiores foreste que con- tent' in rotulo; Inventor ponatÕ p sex pleg & Qro mittat' ad domu leprosi si qua ppe f8it p testimoniQ viridar Sc patrie; Si autem nulla talis domus ppe at caro debet dari infirmis & paupibj; Capud h \*l[ig tradant' libis px ville ; Et sagitta si qua inventa f€it psentetÕ viridar & in rotulo suo irrotulabit'. Si U*, rarii inventi fSint currentes ad aliquod nocumentum forestar debet eos retinere & p>sentare in psenda viriÓ dar, & mit?e eos dno Regi vel capital^ Justie foreste" Si quis mastivus inventus f8it sup aliquam feram & mutilatus fSit ipe cujus erat quietus (Õ) de ilfo ff0. Si non fSit mutilatus, ipe cujus fSit mastivus erit cul- pabilis tanqÕm de manupasto, Et debet poni p sex pleg quoj> noia debent imbri & eciam qualis f€it canis. Si q's cepit feram sine Waranto in foresta corpus suu arestetÕ ubicumq, inveniat' infra metas foreste- Et quando captus f8it non delibet' sine spali p>Cepto dni Regis vel Capitalis Justie foreste. Si quis viderit aliquos maleftores infra metas foreste aliquam feram cape vel apportare, debet illos cape secundum posse suu ; Et si non possit, debet levare hutes & crie, Ç si non fecerit remaneat in mia dni Regis. Si quis Wodewardus viderit malefcores in sua custodia, vel feram bestiam viderit mortuam, debet monstrare Capi- tali forestar vel viridar, et si non fe?it, & foresta? drii Regis tale delidlum in bosco suo infra rewardum in- vemit, ille boscus capiend est in manu dni Regis p p'ceptum Reg vel Capital Justie sui, et Wodewardus attachiab est p quatuor pleg. Si quis huerit boscum juxta dnicum boscum dni Regis, licitum est ei, postqÕm diice ftaie agistate sunt, here tempore pannagii tot porcos quot boscus p visum foresta? & viridar Regar- dato£ agistatojj & alio£ pbo;> hoim possit pari, & hoc fiat de exitu porco£. (Õ). Sciend qd tempore pannagii quando agistamentu debet fieri, debent foresta? virida? & agistatores p edem assensum intimare Justie foreste dni Regis, & ipi9 inquirere voluntatem, & fiat agista.mentu tarn in dnicis hais boscis q*m in forinsecis; et mandatum suu & tenorem trap debet fieri agista- mentum, quas Iras debet here coram Justie de foresta px itiSamib}. Et p>ceptum est qd deinceps capiatÕ p quoit porco q'ntum potest ad opus drii Regis p pan- nagio videlt unus vel duo denarii. De porcett autem fiat sicut psolutum est. Si quis in alio Coin posSit vel voluntarie pmiserit avia sua ire infra metas foreste, Foresta? red neat av*ia p vad Sc salvos pleg, qd si non po?it, p testimoniu virida? debet vie illius Com intimare ut ipe districcSem faciat quousq, pleg inveffit. Si Vic non fe?it debet Forestarius hoc intimare Justie. Null us messarius ducat secum mastivu magnu ad fu- gand feras dni Reg, set pvos catulos ad exspefland ext* cooptum. De hiis qui clamant here libtates, sicut canes inexpeditatos & leporarios infra metas foreste, nichil eis faciend est sine Waranto dni Regis vel Justie suoa. Buscus remanens in manu dni Regis p unu annQ & unu diem in voluntate Regis est nisi recupetÕ p judiciu Justie. Oiiies mete foreste integre sunt dno Regi.

1 erit Printed Copies.

* MS. Cott. Vesp. B. VII. ends here.


Incert.

Assisa dt Forest a.

LFk?

Licitum est Abbi de Burgo sd Petri venare & cape lepores vulpes & inureligos infra metas foreste, & here canes inexpeditatos, quia sufficientem inde het Warantiam. (') Quando viridarii ceperint inquisicoem unus apponat sigillu & alius rotulum teneat, & sic de fortuna in fortunam usq^ ad adventum Justic ; tunc primo die ipi & oiTies Ministri p^sentabunt rotulum aut amcientÕ; et manucapti p foresta eodem die pferantÕ aut manucapcio incurrat'. Homo attachiatus p ramis cesis ptitum illud ptinet ad Swaynimotum coram Senes- callo, et attachiatus p quarcu pstrata in dnico Regis vel alrius ptinet coram Justic; et si no&ant? alicubi fe?it jacet imprisonamentum ; Attachia? ad Swayne- motum p viridi non psentato ad px, ad aliud p*sentacio non p^judicet, set capiet' ad forestar p concelamento & eat attachiatus quietus p assisam. Si Forestarius in dnico bosco Regis consenciat delicto capiat Rex suo supiori, & sibi si [supstes!] sit; boscus vastatus ad quodtt it1 Justic dabit duo Regi dimid marcii.

1 Sciendum quod Dominus Petrus de Monteforti nullum habet Wanrantum, quin possit fieri attachiamentum in bosco suo. Sciendum quod Justiciaries precipitur, quod si quis hominum Episcopi Lyncoln intrct in boscum suum forin- secum extra parcum, corpus suum retinendum cst ; ct ille boscus remaneat in manu dni Regis pro defe£fu forestar. Cay. 1 sufficiens Cay.

It is lawful to the Abbot of the Borough of Saint Peter to hunt and to take Hares and Foxes J*) within the Bounds of the Forest, and to have unlawed Dogs, because he hath sufficient Warrant thereunto. When Verdors have taken an Inquest one shall set to his Seal and the other shall keep the Roll, and so from Time to Time until the coming of the Justice: Then the first Day he and all the Ministers shall present the Roll, or else they shall be amerced ; and [Mainpernors that Day shall be pro- fered for the Forest.*] A Man attached for cutting of Boughs, that Plea appertaineth to the Swanimote before the Steward ; and a Man attached for felling of an Oak in the Demesne of the King, or of any other [Tree,1] it belongeth to be tried before the Justices; and if he do it [to any Man*] in the night Time he shall be impri.soned. A Man arrested [to the'] Swanimote for Green- Hue and not presented at the next, at another Time the Presentation shall not hurt him, [but shall be laken as a Fault in the Foster6] for the Concealment, and he that is attached shall go quit by Assise. If a Foster do agree unto an Offence in the Demesne Woods of the King, the King shall take [from him his Office.7]

1 and Mar irons

* Persons delivered to Mainprise in re sped of the Forest, shall on the same Day he produced, or the Manucaption shall be forfeited.

3 Person, * any ¥where 5 at one

*' the Forester shall he punishable

7 to his Superior, and to him if he be sufficient; JVood foun ! waste.I at every Eyre of the Justi.e shall pay to our Lord tlse King half a Alar It.

Privilege of the Abbot of PeterboroÕ.

Inquests by Vcrdor*.

Pleas, at the Swanimote ;

l>cfore the Jiutice*.

Connivance of Forertrn*

articult 3Jnqut£tcÕ super 3>tatutÕ GJKpntonÕ.*

ARTICLES of Inquiry, upon

Ex MS. Hart. 858, fo. 35.

MODUS inquirendi de statuto Wynton quando observatÕ & in quibj [casibus1] non; et qui ea ex statuto edita noluerunt observare, aut qui ea observare non pmiserunt. De ftloniis & roberiis feis post Pascha, anno regni reg Edwardi [tciodecimo,1] et quali? de roberiis fris, & ubi, & p quos dee roberie fee fuerunt; et qualiter secte, Q) sedm tenorem statuto^ postmodum inde fee sunt: Et si de corporibj hujus- modi malefcoji hucusq, vicecomites responderint vel non, sfdm statutum. Item si porte Civitatum aut magnos Burgop clause sint ab occasu solis usqs ad ortum. Et si aliqui extranei hospitati fSint in suburbio vel in forinseca pte ville nisi de die, et tunc tales p quibj hospes voltfit respondere ; et etiam qualit ballivi & Ministri villass fec?int inde inquisicoem. Et si vigilie f£e fffint, secdm qd continet' in p>dco statuto vel non. Et si vigilatores debito modo feemt vigiliam : Itm si regales vie de villis nicandisis, (4) elargate sint tain in [boscis5] dilicis dni Regis, qam alibi put statuit'; ct si non sunt elargate, que vie,

& ubi sint, et qui eas debuerunt elargasse, et qui elar- gacoem impediut, tarn in parcis qam in aliis boscis.

' ptibus MSS. Harl. 1120: 667.

- quartodecimo MSS. Harl. 1120: 667; H6y .ÑRot. Pat.

15 Edw. I. acc. ! per Inquisitiones Printed Copies.

4 usq, ad vitt nlcand MS. Harl. t120667 ; Printed Copies.

5 villis MS. Harl. 657, 869, 1120; Printed Copies.

the Statute of Winchester.

THE Manner of inquiring upon the Statute of Win- Mode of Chester; when it is observed, and when not; Inquiry on and of such as have (') observed the said Statute,

[and'] of such as have not suffered the Contents thereof to be observed. Of Felonies and Robberies Chapters committed after Easter the [Thirteenth !] Year of the Ç¥ È> 3- Reign of King Edward, and in what Manner such Felonies were done, where and by whom done; and (Ò) the Suits by Inquests according to the Tenor of the Statutes [made thereupon after ; Õ] and if the Sheriffs have answered for the Bodies of such Offenders or notf6).

And if the Gates of the Cities or Great Towns were Chapter 4.. shut from the Time of the Sun going down, until the Sun rising. And if any Strangers [or their Chattels7] were lodged in the Suburbs, or in the Outparts of the City, but in the Day [for whom their Hosts would not answer;*] and also how Bailiffs and other Officers of Towns have made Inquiry thereof. And if Watches have been kept in such Sort as is contained in the said Statute or not; and how the Watchmen have kept their Watch. And if the KingÕs Highways from one Market Chapter j Town to another be enlarged, as well in our Lord the KingÕs own [Woods,9] as elsewhere, according to the Statute; and if they be not enlarged to enquire what Ways, and where they be, and who ought to have enlarged them, and of such as do hinder such Enlargements, as well in Parks as in other Woods.

1 not 1 or i fourteenth 4 in whai manner

5 01/ere afterwards thereupon made ; ÔÔ according to the Statute

Ô Omit these Words.

4 and then such for whom their Host would answer ; 9 Towns,

* This Title is from the Old Printed Copies, which attribute these Articles to the l ime of Edw. I. In most of the English and modern Editions they have been inserted as Stat. 2. of 34 Edw. I; but in the several MSS. quoted they follow immediately after the Statute of Wynton. In Rast. 1603 is a Note, * This seemeth not to be any Statute.Õ On Rot. Pat. 13 Edxv. I. m. 13. is an Entry of a Commission by Letters Patent, intituled in the Margin Ô De militibj assignatis ad artiefos in statuto p conser- vaooe pads edito contentos ob'iSvandis, &c.Õ The Commission is directed to W. de Stickeland and R. de Engleys, and bears teste Ô Edm. Com. Cornub consanguiii Reg apud Westm xx. die Januarii.Õ It diredls particular Enquiry to be made in the County of Westmorland as to the Execution of the Statute of Winchester: and a Writ is subjoined to the Sheriff to summon Juries to enquire accordingly Like Commissions and Writs were sent into Thirty-one other Counties. On Rot. Claus. 3 Edw. II. m. 7. also is an Entry of a Writ to W. de Saint Geotge, W. de Sanston, and the Sheriff of Cambridge, intituled in the Margin Ô De articulis Statuf Wynton ob^iandis.Õ The Writ recites that a Commission had been then lately granted, to enquire into the Observance of the Statute, which Commission had not been duly enforced, and the Writ requires that the same shall be executed according to the Articles in the Commission contained. Like Writs were sent into Thirty-seven other Counties. In CayÕs Edition an imperfedf Copy of the Articles in the Text was given, Ô E prrantiquo MS.Ô

24(>

Mat. Wynl. Chapter 6.

Artie. Inqiiis. Stat. Wynton.

lempÔ k

Alfo if all between the Age of Fifteen and Sixty be sworn to keep the Peace : Also if they have Weapons in their Houses, according to the Quantity of their Lands and Goods, for Maintenance of the Peace according to the Statute. And also if Constables do make View of Armour in due Manner, and of other Things belonging to their Office or not. Also if Sheriffs, Hundredors, Bailiffs of Liberties and Foresters have come at Huy and Cry levied, and if they have made pursuit for Keeping the KingÕs Peace, according to the Statute, or not.

'em.

Item si omnes in? quindectm annos 8c ¥

, ~ . Õexagmta suit

jurati ad conservacoem pacts; et si heant arma in d h

suis, s?dm quantitate terre 8c catalloa sun* 5

vacoe paas, put statuit. Item si Constabularii fe&nt debito modo visum armors & alia que speftant ad officiu, nec ne. Et si Vicecomites, Hundredarii^ Ballivi libtatum, 8c Forestarii ad Hutesiu ve9int Ç " psecuti f8int p pace dni Regis, vel non, s?dm staiutuiT

3Ht0Èus iFranetplegit*

The View of Frankpledge.

Suitors

Chief

Pledges.

Decenners.

Villeins, Fugitive ;

or in Foreign Frankpledge.

Customs

withdrawn.

Purprestures.

Nusances.

Boundaries.

Ways.

Waters.

Burglars.

Felons.

Thieves and their Messengers.

Hue and Cry. Frays. Escapes. Outlaws.

Rapes.

Coiners.

Treasure-

trove.

Assise of Bread.

Measures,fee.

Idlers.

Clothiers, Curriers, &c,

FIRST, You shall say unto Us by the Oath which you have made, if all the [Jurors Õ] that owe Suit in this Court be come, (Õ), and which not.

2. And if all the Chief Pledges, [or their Dozeins!] be come, as they ought to come, and which not.

3. And if all [the Dozeins*] be in the Assise of our Lord the King, and which not, and who received them.

4. And if there be any of the [KingÕs5] Villeins fugitive, dwelling otherwhere than in the KingÕs De.means ; and of such as be within the KingÕs Demeans, and have not abiden (6) a Year and a Day.

5. And if there be any of the Lords Villeins in Frankpledge, otherwhere than in this Court.

6. Of Customs and Services due to this Court with.drawn, how and by whom, and in what BailiffsÕ Times.

7. Of Purprestures made in Lands, Woods, and Waters, to Annoyance.

8. Of Walls, Houses, Dikes and Hedges, set up or beaten down to Annoyance.

9. Of Bounds withdrawn and taken away, io. Of Ways and Paths [opened or stopped.Õ]

11. Of Waters turned or stopped, or brought from their right Course.

12. Of Breakers of Houses, and of their Receivers. 13. Of Common Thieves and their Receivers.

14. Of petty [Larons8] as of Geese, Hens, or Sheafs (Õ).

13. Of Thieves that steal Clothes [or of Thieves that do pilfer Cloths through Windows and Walls.10]

16. Of such as go on Message for Thieves.

17. Of [Cries"] levied and not pursued.

18. Of Bloodshed and of Frays made.

19. Of Escapes of Thieves and Felons.

20. Of Persons outlawed returned, not having the KingÕs Warrant.

21. Of Women ravished not presented before the Coroners.

22. Of Clippers and Forgers of Money.

23. Of Treasure found.

24. Of the Assise of Bread and Ale broken.

25. Of false Measures, as of Bushels, Gallons, Yards and Ells.

26. Of false Balances and Weights.

27. Of such as have Double Measure, and buy by the Great, and sell by the less.

28. Of such as continually haunt Taverns, and no Man knoweth whereon they do live.

29. Of such as sleep by Day, and watch by Night, ('Ò) and have nothing.

30. Of [Cloth-Sellers1Õ] and Curriers of Leather, dwelling out of Merchant Towns.

* as they ought to be

5 LordÕs

I Suitors

5 with their Deceners J of twelve years old \thcDeccners Hast. 1603.

* there 7 stopped or narrowed.

Ô Thieves 9 of Corn

,c or ether things, out of Windows or Sta Is.

" Hue and Cry

II and fare well, 'J Fullers of Cloths

Ex MS. Cott. Claudius D. II. f0. 336.

pRIMES vous nous dirrez p le dement q V0Us ã0us

A avez fait si touz les fours'] qi devent sui,c a ceste Courte soient venuz come venir deivem & queux ne sount mie; 8e si touz les chiefs pleggesÕc) soient venuz, come venir deivent, & queux nemye.

& si [touz de xij annzÕ] soient en lassise nfe SeignÕ le Roi, 8c queux ne sount mie, & qi les receite. Et sil neit nul des villeins le Seign' futif aillo's raenant qen le demeigne le Roi. De ceux qi sount en les demeignes le Roi, 8c nount mye dem're un an & un jour. (*) Des custumes & des Wes duez au ceste Courte sustretes; comet & p qi, & en temps de quel baillif. De p'prestures faites en ?res (s) & en ewes a nusance ; des mures, maisons, haez, fosses, levez ou abatuz a nusance. Des [biens6] tretz & emportez. Des voies & des centes estopes ou amenusez. Des ewes destournez ou estopez ou amenusez hors de bur droit cours. Des Burgesours des mesons & de lour Receit- tours. (Õ) Des petitz larouns, come des howes, gelines & garbes. Des laronus qi sakent draps ou auts choses parmi fenestres ou parraies. De ceux qi vount en message des larouns. De utes leve hi nemie pursue. De saunk espandue &[plaieÔ] faite. De eschap de laroun & de feloun. Des utlagez repeirez saunz garaunt (Ó). De rape de femme qes mye psentc dev"nt CoroSs. De retoundours 8c de fausours de la monoye. De tresor trove. Dassise de pain 8c de svois enfreinte. Des faux mesours, come des busselx, galouns, verges, aunes. De faux ba- launces 8c de faux pois. De ceux qi ount double mesure, 8c achatent p le greindour, 8c vendent p le meindre. De ceux qi assiduelment hauntent les tavhes & honime [ne soit dount ils viegnent.10] De ceux qi dorment les jours 8c veillent les nutz, 8c mangent bien 8c beivent bien 8c nount nul bien. Des [dob- bours"] des draps, 8c des curreours des quirs aillos qen ville marchaunde.

. jurrours P. B. 1 ou lour dozeines

s toutz de douze annz P. B.~toutes les douzans /.

4 Silyeit nul des villeins le seignour aillours en frank pleggt que en cest Court.

* 6 Lnridpe

* fra* T-

,0 ne sceit dout ilz viet

I

5 boys, 6 hoode*

7 De conien larons et de lour recetours. * le Roi

11 vendours P. B..Ñdubbours T.

¥ In PynsonÕs Antiqua Statuta this is inserted as a Statute made in 17 Edw. II. In other Editions it is attn u e ^ printed

The Copy from s\IS. Cott. Claud. D. II. was first printed in CayÕs Edition. The Various Readings are rom ^

Copies by Pynson, Bcrthelet, and Tottell ; where these differ from each other they are quoted by the Initia s

De ceux qi fuent [a leglises & p eux'] sen vount saunz faire [qappent. *] [Si! ny eit nulle femme pariene p quoi le SeignÕ purra pdre.3] Et des gentz emprisonez & puis lessez saunz [garant.'J De ceux qi pnent columbes en iveer p laces ou p autre engine. De touz ceux nous faites assavoir p le dement q vous nous avez fait.

1 en cimitterie ou esglise, et puis 1 lassesse

5 P. B. T. omit. * garauntie B.

3 *¥ Of such as fly into Church or Church-yard, and after depart without doing that which belongeth there.unto. (').

32. Of Persons imprisoned, and after let go without [Mainprise. *]

33. Of such as take Doves in Winter by [Door-falls or1] Engines.

34. And of all these Things, Ye shall do Us to wit, by the Oath you have taken.

* IJ there be any unchain IPoman .whereby the Lord may have loti.

* warrant. * Giiu or other

3U dement Du 3tft0eonfe.*

The OATH of the SHERIFF.

Ex magtio Rot. Stat. In Turr. Land. m. 34. d.

VOUS jurretz q bien & loiaument €viretz le Roi en loffice de Visconte, & le preu le Roi freetz en totes choses q a vous apendent a faire selonc vre seu & vre poair : 8c ses droitures 8c qantq, a la Co- roune apent leaument garderetz, ne ne assentiretz au descres, ne au concelement des droitz ne des Fran.chises le Roi: et p la ou vous savetz les droitz le Roi ou de la Coroune, soit en Pres ou en rentes, ou en franchises, ou en suites, concelees ou sustretes, vre loiale peine mettretz de ce [repler1] ; et si vous ne le poetz faire vous le dirretz au Roi, ou a ceux de son conseil de qi vo5 soietz ctein, queux le dirrount au Roi: et les dettes le Roi por doun ne por favour respitretz par la ou vous les porretz sauntz tresg*nte grevaunce de dettours lever: e q loiaument 8c a droi- ture tretteretz le poeple de vre baillie 8c a chescun freetz droiture auxibien a poure come a riche, en ce q a vous appent afaire : et q por doun ne por pmesse ne por favour ne por [haunge,1] tort ne freetz a nuli, ne autri droiture ne ne desturberetz; 8c q loiaument acquiteretz, al Eschekier, la gent de qi \cP aPetz rien receu des dettes le Roi, et q rien ne pndretz par quoi le Roi pde ou p quoi droiture soit desturbe, ou la dette le Roi delae : 8c q loiaument freez retoumer, 8c loiaument suire les briefs le Roi a vre seu k a vre poair: et q vous ne pndretz nul ballif en vre svice por qi vous ne voletz respoundre : et q vous freez voz bal- lifs faire autiel Õsement come a eux apent: et q nul brief ne receivretz p vo5 ne par les voz, souz seal [des Justices *3 forsq, en Eyre ou autres Justices assignetz en mesme la Countee, ou Justice de Neugate; 8c q vous mettretz voz baillifs de plus loiaux du pais ; [et q nul ballif ne Ministre qi ad este od lautres Vis- contes retendretz en vre svice.

* reapeller Rot. Claus. 1 haour Rot. dans.

3 de Justice Rot. Claus. ¥ Rot. Claus, omits.

'VZOU shall swear, that well and truly you will serve the King in the Office of Sheriff, and to the Profit of the King will do in all Things which to you belong to do, ac.cording to your Knowledge and your Power; and his Rights, and whatever to his Crown belongeth, you will truly guard, and that you will not assent to the Decrease or Concealment of the King's Rights or Franchises; and whenever you shall know the Rights of the King or of the Crown, be it in Lands or in Rents, or in Franchises, or in Suits, to be con.cealed or withdrawn, you will do your lawful Endeavour to restore the same; and if you cannot so do you will tell the same to the King or to those of his Council, of whom you shall be certain that they will tell the King: And the Debts of the King, neither for Gift nor for Favour will you respite, where you may levy the same without too great Grievance of the Debtors; and that lawfully and rightfully you will treat the People of your Bailiwick, and to every one you will do right, as well to the Poor as the Rich, in that which to you belong.eth to do : And that for Gift, nor for Promise, nor for Favour, nor for Hate, you will not do wrong to any, nor disturb the Right of another; and that lawfully you will acquit at the Exchequer the People of whom you shall have any Thing received of the KingÕs Debts; and that you will take nothing whereby the King shall lose, or whereby Right shall be dis.turbed, or the KingÕs Debt delayed: And that truly you shall cause to be returned, and truly to be sued, the King's Writs according to your Knowledge and your Power; and that you will not take any Bailiff into your Service for whom you will not answer ; and that you will cause your Bailiffs to make such Oath as to them belongeth; and that you will receive no Writ by yourself nor by yours, under the Seal of the Jus.tices, except in Eyre, or other Justices assigned in the same County, or a Justice of Newgate ; and that you will appoint your Bailiffs of the most lawful Men of the County; and that you will retain in your Service no Bailiff nor Officer who hath been with other Sheriffs.

* This Oath, as also the KingÕs Coronation Oath, the Oaths of the KingÕs Counsellors, the Bishops, Escheators, and Mayors and Bailiffs, together with the Abjuration and Oath of Thieves, were first inserled in Totteirs Magna Carta, fjc. 1556 : In HawkinsÕs and subsequent Editions of the Statutes, the Oath of the Sheriff is given from the Statute Roll in. 34 d., the back of the Membrane on which the Statutes 34 Edw. I. are entered. The Various Readings, in the Notes above, are from an Entry of this Oath on the Close Roll 5 Edw. II. in. 23 d. intituled in the Margin Ô Forma Sacramenti Viceconiitum.Õ For the Coronation Oath, See the Notes to the Ordinances 5 Edw. II. ante page 168- See also the Oaths of the Justices and Clerks of the Chancery, 20 Edw. III. post page 305, 306.

San&uary.

Prisoners.

Doves.

jFo?ma Jurametitt tiiof Dr cons' fi.

Form of the Oath of those of the KingÕs Council.

JJE who shall be sworn of the King's Council shall be charged with the Points hereunder written : And if he be a Justice he shall be charged with the last Point.

That well and truly you will counsel the King according to your Knowledge and Power.

That well and truly his Counsel you will keep.

That you will not accuse another of any Thing which he shall say in Council, which toucheth the Counsel of the King.

And that your Pains, Aid, and Counsel to all your Power you will give and apply, to guard and maintain to preserve and restore the Rights of the King and of the Crown, where you can without wrong doing, and according to Duty.

And where you shall know of Matters relating to the Crown and the Rights of the King to be concealed, or wrongfully aliened or withdrawn, that you will cause the same to be re.dressed to your Power, or give Information to the King thereof, or to his Council in Manner as to you belongeth.

And that you will uphold the Crown in as much as you can in lawful manner.

And that you will not be in Place or of Counsel where the King depriveth himself of the Things which belong to the Crown, unless it be a Thing which behoveth you to do.

And that you will not leave for any Man, for Love, nor Hatred, for good Will, nor for ill Will, but that you will cause to be done to every one, of what Estate or Condition soever lie be, Right and Reason, according to your Power and Knowledge; And that of none will you take any Thing for doing of Wrong or delaying of Right.

And that in doing of Judgement and Right, where you shall be assigned, you will not spare any, neither for Greatness, nor for Poverty, nor for Riches, whereby Right may not be done according to your Power.

And if You have made Alliance with any Lord, or other, whereby you cannot do or maintain those Things without Breach of such Alliance, that you will tell the King or cause him to be informed thereof.

And that henceforth, Alliance on Oath you will not make with any, without the Leave of the King.

And that you will take nothing for Gift of any, for Plea nor for other Matter that (hall be to be done before you, unless it be daily Meat and Drink.

Ex Rot. Claus. 35 Edw. I. m. 7 d*.

CELI qe serra jurez du conseyl le Roy, soil chargez des pointz ci desoutzescritz: E sil doive estre Justice, soit chargez du darrein point.

QÕ bien & loiaument consaillerez le Roy solunc vre seu & vre poiar.

E qe bien & loiaument son consail celerez.

E qe vous ne encuserez autre de chose qil dirra au

consail (').

E qe vre peyne, eide, & consail, a tot vre poair dorrez & metterez as droitures le Roy & de la Corone garder & maintenir, sauver & repeller, p la ou v9 p'rez santz tort faire (*).

E la ou vous savÕez les choses de la Corone & les droitz le Roy concelez, ou a tort alienez, ou sustretz, qe vous le frez (3) sav5 au Roy (Ç).

E qe la corone acrestrez a vre poair & en loiale

maSe.

E qe vous ne serrez en lieu ne a consail ou le Roi se descresse de chose qe a la Corone appent, si ce ne seit chose qe vous conveigne faire.

E qe vous ne lerrez pur nully, pur amur, ne haour, pur bon gre, ne pur mauveis gre, qe vous ne facez faire a chescun de quel estat ou condicion qil soit, droi- ture & reison, solunc vre poiar & a vre escient, & qe de nully rien ne pndrez pur tort faire ne droit delaier.

E qe en Jugement, ou droiture faire, la ou vous serrez assignez, vous nespniprez nully, pur hautesce, ne pur povte, ne pr richesce, q droit ne soit fait (J).

E si vous eez fait alliaunce, a seign'age, ou a autre, par quey vous ne peussez cestes choses faire ou tenir sauntz cele alliaunce enfreindre, q vous le dirrez ou frez sav5 au Roy.

E qe desormes alliance de s)ment ne freetz a nulli

sauntz conge le Roy.

E qe rien ne p*ndrez de doun, de nully, pur pled ne pur autV chose, quil eit a faire devant vous, si ceo ne soit manger & beivre a la journee.t

1 q touche le conscil le Roi * be solunc ce qil affert a son office.

1 adresccr a vre poer, ou q vous le frez * ou a son conseil en la manere q a vous appent 5 a vre poer

* This Oath is also entered on Rot. Claus. 1 Edw. II. m. igd: of which the Various Readings are given in

An Entry of this Oath on the Vitus Codex in the Tower sub. an. 3J Edw. I. agrees with that in the Text.

f After the Form of the Oath on Rot. Claus. 35 Edw. I. is the following Entry: jÇstino

Ò R. London Eps, quern Rex vult esse de consilio ft, pstitit saerm in pleno pliamento R apud Karl die J

ConPsionis Sci Pauli, anno r. ft E. xxxv. sedm artiefos sacri contentos in hac cedula.Ó

3!uramentuÕ ÛpÕor\

The Oath of the Bishops.

Ex MS. Harl. 867. fo. 42. b.

LE Vement de feaute des Evesqs. Jeo srei foil & leal, & foy & leaute portay, au Roy & a ces heirs Roys Dengt de vie & de membre & de tre honor, con- tre toutes gentz q' pont vivre & morir; & lealment conustray, & lealment fray, les svicez q appendent a la temporalte de levesq, de N. la quel jeo claim tenir de vous, et la quel vous me rendez; si me eide Dieu & les Seintz.

The BishopsÕ Oath op Fealty.

1W1LL be faithful and true, and Faith and Loyalty will bear to the King, and to his Heirs Kings of England, of Life and of Member and of earthly Honour, againft all People who may live and die; and truly will acknowledge, and freely will do, the Services which belong to the Temporalty of the Bishoprick of N. which I claim to hold of you, and which you render to me. So help me God and his Saints.

Hfiiramentum Cscaetojmm.*

The Oath of Escheators.

VOUS jurres que bien et loialmet servires le Roy en le Office de Eschetor en les Counties de A. B. & C. & le proue le Roy ferez en toutz choses qui a vous appen.dent a faire, solonc vostre soien & vostre poiar; & sez droitures, et quant a la Corone appent loialment garde- res: & ne assentires a distresse ne a concelment des droites, ne des franchises le Roy; et par la ou vous scaveres les droits le Roy ou de la Corone, soit il en terres, ou en rentes, ou en franchises, ou en suites, conceles ou sustreites, vostre loial poiar metres de ceo repeller, et si vo9 ne le poies faire, vo9 le dirres au Roy, ou a ceux de son cousel, de q vo9 soies certaine que eux diront au Roy; & q loialment et au droit traite- res le people de vostre bailee, et a chescun faites droit, auxibn aux poures come aux riches, en ceo que vous appent a faire; & q pur don, ne pur promis, ne pur favor, ne haire, tort ne feres a nully, ne auter droiture ne distourberes; & que rie ne prendres par quoy le Roy perde, ou droiture soit disturbe ; et que vous predres nul minis? en vostre service pur qui vous ne voilles responder; et que vous ferres vo9 ministres faire tiel serement come a eux appent.

T/"OU do swear, that well and truly you will serve the King in * the Office of Eschetour in the Counties of A. B. and C. and to the KingÕs Profit will do in all things which to you belong to do, according to your Knowledge and Power ; and his Rights and whatever to the Crown belongeth truly will guard; and that you will not assent to the Decrease, nor to the Concealment of the Rights .or Franchises of the King; and wherever you shall know the Rights of the King or of the Crown, be it in Lands, or in Rents, or in Franchises, or in Suits, to be concealed or withdrawn, you will do your lawful Power to restore the same; and if you cannot so do, you will tell the same to the King, or to those of his Council of whom you are certain that they will tell the King : And that lawfully and rightfully you will treat the People of your Bailiwick, and to every one will do right, as well to the Poor as to the Rich, in that which to you belongeth to do: And that for Gift, nor for Promise, nor for Favor nor Hate, you will not do Wrong to any, nor the Right of another will you disturb: And that you will take nothing whereby the King may lose, or Right may be disturbed ; and that you will take no Officer into your Service for whom you will not answer; and that you will cause your Officers to make such Oath as to them belongeth.

3Juramentum ^ajojum $ Balltoojum.

The Oath of Mayors and Bailiffs.

VOUS jures que bien & loialment servires au Roy en le Office de Maior en la Citie de Londres, & mesme la Citie garderes surement & sauvement a le oeps nostre Seigneur le Roy de Angliterre, et de ses heires Roys de Angliterre ; et le proue le Roy ferres en toutes choses que a vous appedet a faire; et les droitures le Roy, et quat que a la Corone appent en la dite citie, loialnit garderes, et ne assetires a distresse ne a cocelement des droits ne des franchises le Roy. Et par la ou vous scaveres les droits le Roy ou de la

XTOU do swear, that well and truly you will serve the * King, in the Office of Mayor within the City of London, and the same City will surely and safely keep to the Use of our Lord the King of England and his Heirs, Kings of England ; and to the Profit of the King will do in all Things which to you belong to do; and the Rights of the King, and whatever to the Crown belongeth in the said City, you will lawfully pre.serve, and will not assent to the Decrease, nor to the Con.cealment of the Rights or Franchises of the King : And wherever you shall know the Rights of the King, or of the

* This and the Two following Forms of Oaths, are reprinted from Totteirs Magna Carta, &c, 1556.

Crown, whether in Lands, or in Rents, or in Franchises, or in Suits, to be concealed or withdrawn, you will do your Power to restore the same ., and if you cannot so do you will tell the same to the King, or to those of his Council of whom you shall be certain that they will tell the King; and that lawfully and rightfully you will treat the People of your Bailiwick, and Right will do to every one, as wtll to Strangers as to Natives, to the Poor as to the Rich, in that which to you belongeth to do; and that for Greatness nor for Riches, nor for Gift, nor for Pro.mise, nor for Favour, nor for Hate, you will not do Wrong to any; that you will disturb no Right; and that you will take nothing whereby the King may lose, or any Right may be disturbed ; and that in all Things which to the Mayor of the said City belongeth to do, well and truly you will behave your.self. So help you God, &c.

In like Manner of Bailiffs; mutatis mutandis.

Corone, (soit en terres, ou en rentes, ou en franchises ou en sutes,) concelles ou sustretes, vostre peine metÕ teres de ceo repeller ; et si vo9 ne le poies faire vo9 le dires au Roi, ou a ceux de son couseil. dr s ã soies certain que eux le diront au Roy: et qe l0ialmem & a droiture traiteres le people de vostre bailee et droit faires a chescun, auxi bien as estranges, come as privies, as poures, come as riches, en ceoÕ que a vous appent a faire; et que pour hautesse, ne pour richesse, ne pour don, ne pour promis, ne p0Ur favor, ne pour haier, tort ne faires as nulluy; n nu] droiture distourberes, ne rien ne prendres p quoy le Roy perde, ou ascun droiture soit distourbe; et nue en toutes choses que al maior de la dit citiÕe appem j a fa*re> bien & loialmet averes, si vous aide Dieu, &c.

Ensemblement des Baillifes, mutatis mutandis.

abjuratto $ juramentum Hatronum.

The Abjuration and Oath of Thieves.*

fŽ^HIS Hear thou, Sir Coroner, that I M. of H. am a robber of Sheep, or of any other Beast, or a Mur.derer of one or of more, and a Felon of our Lord the King of England, and because I have done many such Evils or Robberies in this Land, I do abjure the Land of our Lord Edward King of England, and 1 shall haste me towards the Port of such a Place which thou hast given me, and that I shall not go out of the Highway, and if I do I will that I be taken as a Robber and Felon of our Lord the King; and that at such a Place I will diligently seek for Passage, and that I will tarry there but one Flood and Ebb, if I can have Passage; and unless I can have it in such [a Place,1 j] I will go every Day into the Sea up to my Knees assaying to pass over; and unless I can do this within Forty Days, I will put myself again into the Church as a Robber and a Felon of our Lord the King. So God me help and his Holy Judgement, &c.

' space

HOC audis drie Coronator, qd Ego [N.Ô] sum latro bidentiu, vel alicujus alterius aialis, vel homicida unius vel plurium, et felonus dni Regis Anglie. Et quia multa mala [& latrocinia, vel1] hujusmodi, in tern sua feci, abjuro terra dni E. Regis Anglie; et quod debeo festinare me versus portum de tali loco, quern mihi dedisti; et quod non debeo abire de alta via, et si faciam, volo quod sim captus sicut latro et felonus domini Regis, et quod ad talem locfl diligenter queram transitum : Et quod expeftabo illic nisi fluxum, et refluxum, si trasitum habere potero; et nisi tamo spacio transitum habere potero, ibo quolibet die in mare usque ad genua tentans transire: Et nisi hoc potero infra quadraginta dies continuos mittam me iteruin ad ecclesiam, sicut latro et felon9 domini Regis. Et sic Deus me adjuvet (*) &c.

1 M. de H. * vel latrocinia

> mea 4 et sanctu judiciu

¥ The Various Readings are from the Copy printed in RastallÕs Collection, 1557, title Abjuration; where it is preceded by the following Instrument, quoted as Ô Tract de Officiis Coronatoru,Õ which Rastall says he could not find in any written or primed book, but only in the Abridgement of Statutes. The Translations are from the Edition of Rastall's Collection in English, 1603.

WHEN a Robber, Murderer, or other evil-doer shall fly unto any Church upon his confession of felony, the Coroner shall cause the abjuration to be made thus: Let the Felon be brought to the Church door, and there be assigned unto him a port, near or far off, and a time appointed to him to go out of the Realm, so that in going towards that port he carry a cross in his hand, and that he go notout of the King's highway, neither on the right hand, nor on the left, but that he keep it always until he shall be gone out of the Land; and that he shall not return without special favour of our Lord the King.

CUM latro, homicida, aut alis malefactor ad eccti3 diffugerit, facta recognitione felonie, fieri faciet coronator abjura- tione, sic : felonus ducatur ad portam ecclesie, et assignttur ei portus propinquus remotus, et prefigatur ei terminus excundi regnu, ita quod in eundo versus portum ilium, de- ferat quandam crucem in manu sua, nec declinet a via Reg a dextris nec a sinistris, sed semper cam teneat quousq regm. exierit, be non redibit sine speciali gratia dni Regis-

Ûn& of tf)e Statutes usually termcD 3nrtqua £>tatuta.

STATUTES OF KING EDWARD THE THIRD.

Anno 1¡ EDWARDI III. A.D. 1326-7.

£>tatuta fca apud iKIlestm in i&ltamento ia. <£Dtbart>i 3Tett post

Conqueatoje anno r. sÇt pÈmo.

STATUTES made at WESTMINSTER ;

In the Parliament of K. EDWARD, The Third, after the Conqueror;

In The First Year of his Reign.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. 29.

CIOME Hugh le Despens le piere & Hugh le J Despen's le fiuz nadgares, a la suite Thomas adonqes Counte de Lancastr & de Leycestr, Seneschal DenglePre, p c5mune assent & agard des piers & du poeple du roialme, & p lassent du Roi Edward piere nre Seign' le Roi qore est, come treitres & enemys du Roi & du poeple feussent exilez, desheritez, & banutz hors du roialme pur tous jours; puys ap*s, mesmes ceux Hugh & Hugh, p malveis conseil q le dit Roi avoit p*sde luy adonqes, saunz assent des piers & du poeple revindrent en dit roialme; & eux & autres abetterent le dit Roi Edward aprsure le dit Counte de Lancastre & autres graunz & gentz du poeple du roialme, en quele pursuite le dit Counte de Lancastr & autfs grauntz & gentz du poeple du roialme voluntrivement furent mortz, & desheritez, & ascuns utiagez banuz & desheritez, & ascuns deshetez & emprisonez, & ascuns reintz & deshetez; & aps tieux mauveistez les ditz Hugh & Hugh, Mestre Robt de Baldok, Esmon jadis Counte Darundell acrocherent a eux roial poer, en tieu manere q le dit Roi Edward rien ne fist, ne ne voleit faire, forsq ceo q les ditz Hugh & Hugh, Robt, Esmon Counte Darundell, luy conseilerent, ne fust ceo ja si gÔnt tort; duraunt quele acrochement p durte & p force countre volume des gentz de la tre, ils purchacerent fres p fyns levz en la Court le dit Roi Edward & en autre manere. Et come a p's la mort le dit Counte de Lancastr & des auts gÒuntz, nre Seign' le Roi qore est, & ma dame Isabele Roine Dengle'tVe sa miere, de la volunte le dit Roi Edward, & p comun conseil du roialme, alassent es pties de France de pcurer bien de pees entre les deux roialmes de Fraunce & Dengletrre,

Statute the First.

WHEREAS Hugh Spenser the Father, and Hugh Spenser the Son, late at the Suit of Thomas then Earl of Lancaster and Leicester, and Steward of England, by the common assent and award of the Peers and Commons of the Realm, and by the Assent of King Edward Father to our Sovereign Lord the King that now is, as Traitors and Enemies of the King and of his Realm, were exiled, disherited, and banished out of the Realm for ever; and afterward, the same Hugh and Hugh, by evil council which the King had [taken of them,'] without the Assent of the Peers and Com.mons of the Realm, came again into the Realm; and they, with other, procured the said King to pursue the said Earl of Lancaster, and other great men and people of this Realm, in which pursuit, the said Earl of Lancaster, and other great men and people of the Realm were [willingly dead '] and disherited, and some out.lawed, banished, and disherited, and some disherited and imprisoned, and some ransomed and disherited; and after such Mischief, the said Hugh and Hugh, Master Robert Baldocke, and Edmond late Earl of Arundel usurped to them the Royal Power, so that the King nothing did nor would do, but as the said Hugh, and Hugh, Robert, and Edmond Earl of Arundel did counsel him, were it never so great wrong; during which Usurpation, by duress and Force against the will of the [Commons,1] they purchased Lands as well by Fines levied in the Court of the said King Ed.ward, as otherwise: And Whereas after the death of the said Earl of Lancaster, and of other great men, our Sovereign Lord the King that now is, and Dame Isabel, Queen of England, his Mother, by the KingÕs will and Common Counsel of the Realm, went over into France, to treat a Peace between the two Realms of England

1 then near hurt ' wilfully put to death

5 People of the I.and MS- Tr. ?.

Recital of the Usurpations of the two Spensers, &c. and of their Destruction by means of the present King and his Mother.

See Statute:

15 Edw. If.

I.

Indemnity for those who took Part with the King and his Mother.

II.

The Repeal of the Exile of the Spensers made void.

III.

Executors of those of the same Party shall have A&ion to recover their Testators* Goods.

and France, upon certain Debates then moved; The said Hugh and Hugh, Robert, and Edmond Earl of Arundel continuing their Mischief, encouraged the said King Edward against our Sovereign Lord the King that now is, his Son, and the said Queen his Wife, and by the Royal Power which they had to them incroached, as afore is said, procured so much Grievance, by the assent of the said King Edward, to our Sovereign Lord the King that now is, and the Queen his Mother, then being beyond the Sea, that they remained as forsaken of the said King Edward, and as exiled from this Realm of England : Wherefore it was necessary for our Sovereign Lord the King that now is, and the Queen his Mother, being in so great jeopardy of them.selves in a strange Country, and seeing the Destruction, Damage, Oppressions, and Disherisons which were no.toriously done in the Realm of England, upon Holy Church, Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men and [the Commonalty '] by the said Hugh and Hugh, Robert, and Edmond Earl of Arundel, by the encroach.ing of such Royal Power to them, to take as good Counsel therein as they might ; and seeing they might not remedy the same [unless Õ] they came into England with an army of men of war, and by the Grace of God, with such puissance and with the help of great men and Commons of the Realm, they have vanquished and destroyed the said Hugh and Hugh, Robert, and Ed.mond (J): Wherefore our Sovereign Lord King Ed.

ward that now is, (4), at his Parliament holden at Westminster, at the time of his Coronation on the morrow after Candlemas, in the First Year of his Reign, upon certain petitions and requests made to him in the said Parliament, upon such articles above rehearsed, by the common Counsel of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men, and by the Commonalty of the Realm there being by his commandment, hath Provided, Ordained, and Established in the form following.

FIRST, That no great Man nor other, of what Estate, Dignity, or Condition he be, that came with the said King that now is, and with the Queen his Mother, into the Realm of England, nor none other, then dwelling in England that came [with '3 the said King that now is, and the Queen, in Aid of them to pursue their said Enemies, in which Pursuit the King his Father was (6) taken and put in Ward, and yet remaineth in Ward, shall not be impeached, molested, nor grieved, in Person nor in Goods, in the KingÕs Court, nor other Court, for the Pursuit of the said King, taking and with-holding of his Body, nor Pursuit of any other, nor taking of their Persons, Goods, nor Death of any Man, or any other Things perpetrate or committed in the said Pursuit, from the Day that the said King and Queen did arrive, till the Day of the Coronation of the same King: and it is not the KingÕs Mind, that such Offenders that committed any Trespass, or other Offence out of the said Pursuit should go quit or have Advantage of this Statute, but they shall be at their answer for the same at the Law.

ITEM, That the Repeal of the said Exile, which was made by duress and force, be annulled for evermore; and the same Exile made by Award of the Peers and the Commons, by the KingÕs Assent as afore is said, shall stand in his Strength in all Points, after the Tenour of every Article therein contained.

ITEM, That the Executors of the Testament of all those that were of the same Quarrel [dead,7] shall have Actions and recover the Goods and Chattels of them being of the said Quarrel whose Executors they be, as they of the same Quarrel [should.8] And that Fines, Sales, and Gifts of Land, and Recognisances of Debts, after the time of the Exile of the said Hugh and Hugh,

1 upon the People of the Realm MS. Tr. 2.

1 except by force, therefore > Earl of Arundel MS. TV. 2.

4 Son of the taiJ King Edward, who was Son of King Edward, Son of King Henry,

s to MS. Tr. i. 6 pursued MS. Tr. 2.

" not in Original j nor in MS. Tr. 2.

1 who are alive, have by reaeon of the Quarrel.

sur ascuns debatz q adonqes estoient meutz; les ditz Hugh & Hugh, Robt & Esmon Count Daruendell continuauntz lour mauveiste, moverent le corage le dit Roi Edward contre nre SeignÕ le Roi son fiuz q¡re est, & la dite Rome sa compaigne, & par poair roial qil avoient a eux acrochez, sicome desus est dit, tantz de durte peurerent estre fait p lassent du dit R0j Edward, au dit nre SeignÕ le Roi qore est, & a ]a Roine sa miere, adonqes esteauntz dela la mier, q eux y demorerent relinquiz du dit Roi Edward & come exilez hors du roialme DengletVe : P quoi il covenist nre dit SeignÕ le Roi qore est, & la Roine sa miere, ensi mys^a si g*nt meschefs de eux mesmes en estraunge tre, &c attendauntz les destructions, damages, oppssions, & deshitisons q notoirement furent faitz en dit roialme Dengle?re sur Seinte eglise, Prelatz Countes, Barons, & autfs grauntz, & sur le poeple du roialme, p les ditz Hugh & Hugh, Robt, Esmon Counte Darundeti, p poair roial a eux issint acroche, mettre y le bon conseil qil pÕroient; & veiauntz q eux ne poient remede mettre fors q p force, taunt fesoient qil vindrent en EngletVe a gaunt force des gentz darmes, & par la grace de Dieu ove cele force, & ove leide des gÕuntz & du poeple du roialme, unt vencuz & destrut les ditz Hugh & Hugh, Robt, Esmon Counte Darundett : Dount nre SeignÕ le Roi Edward q ore est, fiuz du dit Roi Edward, q fut fiuz le Roi Edward fiuz le Roi Henri, a son plement tenu a Westmonster a son coronement, lendemeyn de la Chaundelure, lan de son regne pÕmer, sur ascuns peticiones & requestes q luy furent faites au dit ple.ment, sur les choses motez a desus, p comun conseil des p>latz, Countz, Barons, & autres grauntz & le Comun du roialme, illoeqs esteauntz p son comaunde- ment, pÕvist ordina & establi en la fourme q sensuit.

Printement q nul gÓunt, ou autre de quel estat dignite ou condicion qil soit, q vindrent ove le dit Roi q ore est & ove la Roine sa miere, en roialme Dengletre, ne autfs adonqes demorauntz en mesme le roialme, & q vindrent as ditz Roi & Roine en lour eide apÕsure lour ditz enemys, en quele pÕsuite le Roi le piere fust pÕsuy, pris & mys en garde, & uncore demoert en garde, ne soit empeche moleste ne greve, en psone ne en biens, en la Court le Roi, ne en Court dautri, pur la suyte

lit Roi, pris & detenue de son corps, ne pÕ suyte e prise des psones chasteux ou de Chateux, mort de ; ou qcunqcs autres choses faites en la dite p'suite, aur q les avauntditz Roi & Roine ariverent taunq lUr du coronement du dit Roi: et nest pas lentencion it Roi q meffesours, q firent trespas ou autfs malx la dite pÕsuyt, soient covert ne avantage eient e estatut, einz qils ent soient respoignauntz a la lei. n q le repel du dit exil, le quel fut fait^p force & rte, soit anenti & nul a touz jours , et q meme fait p agard des piers & du poeple & p assent

sicome desus est dit, teignesa force entou,p-m

tc la tenur de chescun article -tenu, Ç '

Ç ^ la dite quer Ñ eient .*È Ie,

i & les chateux de ceux de ÇÇ ^ de

it Us sount. executours, aux.ava^ ^ ^ ^ de ne la querele q sount en È p & re-

Etqfinsventesfcdouns dej'

idesdet.es, puys le temps del exil

1¡ Edw. III. Stat.l. c.3Ñ7.

<253

26-7-

Hugh & Hugh, fait p force & durte as ditz Hugh & Hugh, Esmon Counte Darundell, Rotot de Baldok, & Wau? de Stapelton jadis Evesq, Dexcestr, ou a auscun de eux soient defaitz. Et est acorde & establi q en cas ou nul voudra, p voi daccion, defaire fyn vente ou doun de ?re, ou reconissaunce de dette faite p force ou p durte as dites psones, sicome desus est dit, eit bref de la Chauncellerie affaire venir le transecrit du pee de la fyn & la tenour de la reconissaunce devaunt le Roi et les Justices assignez a tenir les plees devant le Roi, associe a eux deux Evesqes, deux Countes, deux Barouns, ou de chescun estat un, & gamie la ptie tenaunt de la tre dount tiel fyn est leve, doun ou vente faite, si trove soit en la Court le Roi, p conis- saunce de ptie ou p loiale enqueste ajpndre, q tiel fyn, vente ou doun fust leve ou faite p durte de prison, ou par doute de morte, adonqes soit defait; & execucion soit faite outre pur le pleintif, come appent sur la resti.tution des Pres & tenz q sount en autri meyn q en les meyns le Roi. Au tiel pees soit fait des Pres q sount en la meyn le Roi, dount fins sount levez, garni le gar- dein des dites Pres. Et en cas ou nul voudreit de- maunder Pre p coe lei, & tiel fin ou autre fait soit mis en barre de sa demaunde, adonqes soit fait auxcome ad este cea en arere, ou reles ou quiteclani ad este mys en bar daccion entre pties, ou emp'sonement ad este alegge; mes nest pas lentencion du Roi ne de son conseil q ceux q unt vendu lour Pres, ou relesse ou quitclame de lour fraunche volunte, eient avantage p cest estatut-

Auxint est acorde ordine & establi en amendement de la lei, q countre record de Court, le quel record vient en la Court le Roi p br de faux juggement, en cas ou la ptie dist q le record est autre q la Court ne recorde, soit receu aPement de bone pais, & de ceux q furent psentz en la Court q*nt le record se fist, si tieux viegnent ove les autrs du pais p ret'n de vis?,

& sils ne veignent, soit lenqueste prise p bone pays.

Auxint est prveu & establi q desore enavant countre faux ret'n des bailiffs des fraunchises q unt plein ret'n des brefs, eit home avement & recover auxicome dePs le vis? le Roi, auxibien de trop petit issues I ret'nez come en autre cas, issi qil ne chiete en p^judice des Seign's ne en blemissement de lour fraunchises, & q lestat de seinte Eglise soit touz jours sauve; & q tot le punissement soulement chiete sur les baillifs, p pu- nissement de lour corps sil neient de quoi respoundre.

Purveu est ensement & establi, q p' les g"untz mes- chefs damages & destruccions de dips psons, auxibien des gentz de seint Eglise come dautres, q sount ave- nuz p faux serment des jorours en brefs de trespas, q desore bref de atteint soit graunte, auxibien sur le prin.cipal come sur les damages en brefs de Trespas; et q le Chaunceller qi pur temps sra eit poair de graunter tiels brefs datteintes, saunz pier au Roi, & q en tieu cas, & en touz autrs de atteinz, les Justices ne lessent pas de pndre les atteinz p' les damages nient paiez.

Et q p' eschure malx damages & destruccions q sount avenuz p vis?, gaolers, gardeins des pÕsons deinz fraun- chise & dehors, q unt peine prisons, & p autre male voie destreint & peure adevenir appellours & appeller gents nient coupables, pur aver raunceouns des tieux ap- pellez pur [seute1 ] de pÕsone, ou p autre cause; Justi?

1 doute Old Printed Copies.

made by force and duress to the said Hugh and Hugh, Anurance* Edmond Earl of Arundel, Robert Baldocke, and Wal- &c-

ter Stableton, late Bishop of Exeter, or to any of them, ma4]c. by be defeated. It is also agreed and stablished, that if Duress any Man will by way of Adion, defeat any Fine, Sale, avoided, or Gift of Land, and Recognisances of Debts, made by force or duress to the said Persons as above is said, he shall have a Writ out of the Chancery to cause the Transcript of [the Fote and 1 ] of the Fine, and the Tenor of the Recognisances to be had before the King and his Justices, assigned to hold Pleas before the King, with two Bishops, two Earls, and two Barons associate unto them, or else of every Estate one ; [to warn the Tenant of the Land, whereof such Fine is levied, or Gift or Sale made.

And *3 if it be found in the KingÕs Court by Confession of the Party, or by a lawful Enquest to be taken, that such Fine, Sale, or Gift, was levied or made by duress of Imprisonment, or else for fear of Death, it fhall then be defeated; and Execution to be made for the Plaintiff as pertaineth [by3] Restitution of Lands and Tenements, being in other Mens Hands than the KingÕs.

And like Process shall be made of Lands being in the KingÕs Hands, whereof Fines be levied [to warn the Keepers of the said Lands/J And in case where any will demand Land by the common Law, and such Fine or Deed be pleaded in Barr of his Demand, then it shall be done as hath been used in Times past where a Release or Quit-claim hath been pleaded in Barr of such A&ions between the Parties, or Imprisonment hath been al- ledged : but it is not the mind of the King nor of his Council, that they which have sold their Lands, [and released or quit claimed of their own free Will, should have any benefit by this Statute.

ITEM, It is Accorded, ordained, and established in IV. Amendment of the Law, that [when a Record6] Averment cometh into the KingÕs Court by Writ of false Judge- against the ment, in case where the Party alledgeth that the Record writ offer is otherwise than the Court doth record the same, the judgement.*1 Averment shall be received of the good Country, and of them which were present in the Court when the Re- I cord was made, if they do come with others of the Country by the Sheriffs Return; and if they come not the Inquest shall be taken by the good Country.

ITEM, It is Provided and established, that from hence- V. forth against the false Returns of Bailiffs of Franchises, Averment which have full Return of Writs, a Man shall have ^S*m5t Averment, and recover as well against them as against Bailiffs of the KingÕs Sheriff, as well of too little Issues returned Liberties, as in other Cases, so that it falleth not in prejudice of the Lords, nor in the blemish of their Franchise; and that the Estate of Holy Church be always saved ; and that all the Punishment fall only upon the Bailiffs, by Punishment of their Bodies, if they have not whereof to answer.

ITEM, It is Provided, that for the great Mischiefs, Damage, and Destru&ion that hath happened to divers Persons, as well of Holy Church, as of other, by the false Oaths of Jurors in Writs of Trespass j from henceforth a Writ of Attaint shall be granted, as well upon the Principal as upon the Damages, in a Writ of Trespass; and that the Chancellor which shall be for the Time, shall have Power to grant such Writs of At.taints, without speaking therefore to the King; and in such and all other Cases of Attaints, the Justices shall not let to take the Attaints for the Damages not paid.

VI.

An Attaint as well upon the Principal, as upon the Damages, in Trespass.

ITEM, To eschew [the Damage and Destruction ÕJ vil. that often doth happen by Sheriffs, Gaolers, and Keepers inquiry of Prisons, within Franchise and without, which have concerning pained their Prisoners, and by such evil Means com- Gaolfª pel and procure them to become Appealers, and to p^onerafo appeal harmless and guiltless People, to the Intent to appeal, have Ransom of such appealed Persons, for fear of Im.prisonment or other Cause; the Justices of the one

1 the Foot Õ and the Tenant of the Land, whereof

tueh Fine it levied, or Gift or Sale made, being ¥warned,

> upon MS. Tr. 2.

* the Keeper of the said Landt being warned. 1 or

6 against a Record of Court, the which Record i evils, damages and destructions MS. Tr. i.

VIII.

Proceedings against Offenders in Forests.

See the Ordinance of the Forest, 34 Edw. 1.

A Remedy

for the Prisoner, if the Warden of the Forest will not bail him.

Bench and of the other, and Justices of Assise and Gaol-delivery, shall by force of this Statute enquire of such Compulsions, Punishments, and Procurements, and hear the Complaints of all them that will complain in such Cases by Bill, and shall hear and determine such Plaints, as well at the Suit of the Party, as at the KingÕs Suit.

ITEM, Whereas divers People be disinherited, ran.somed, and undone, by the chief Keepers of the Forests on this Side Trent, and beyond, and by other Ministers, against the Form of the great Charter of the Forest, and against the Declaration made by King Edward, Son of King Henry, in form following; that is to say: Ò We will and grant for us and our Heirs, that for any Trespass done in our Forest of Vert and Venison, that the Foresters in whose Bailiwick such Trespass shall be committed, shall present the same Trespasses at the next Swanimote before the Foresters, Verders, Regarders, Agisters, and other Ministers of the same Forest; and upon such Pre.sentment made before the said Foresters, Verders, Re.garders, and Agisters, and other Ministers aforesaid, as well by the Oaths of Knights, as [by'] other discreet and lawful Men, and not suspicious, of the Parties adjoining or near, where such Offences shall be so presented, and where the Truth may best and most fully be enquired, and the Truth [perfe&ly known,1] then such Present.ments by the common assent and consent of all the said Ministers shall be solemnly [written,3] and with their Seals ensealed; and if any Indiftment be in any other Manner made, the same shall be voidAnd therefore because the chief Wardens of the Forests have not ob.served the same Form hitherto, It is agreed and or.dained, that from henceforth no Man shall be taken nor imprisoned for Vert or Venison, unless he be taken with the Maner, or else indifted after the Form before specified ; and then the chief Warden of the Forest shall let him to Mainprise till the Eyre of the Forest, without any thing taking for his Deliverance ¥, and if the said Warden will not so do, he shall have a Writ out of the Chancery, which hath been in old time ordained for such Persons indicted, to be at Mainprise till the Eyre. And if such Warden, after he hath received the Writ, do not incontinently deliver such Persons indicted, to Mainprise, without taking any thing, then the Plaintiff shall have a Writ out of the Chancery to the Sheriff, to attach the said Warden to be before the King at a cer.tain Day, to answer wherefore he hath not replevied him that is so taken; and the Sheriff, the Verders being called to him, shall deliver him that is so taken by good Mainprise, in the Presence of the Verders, and shall deliver the Names of the Mainpernors to the same Verders to answer in the Eyre before the Justices. And if the chief Warden be thereof attainted, the Plaintiffs shall have their treble Damages awarded them, and the said Warden shall be committed to Prison, and ransomed at the KingÕs Will: and from henceforth it shall be written to them as to the chief Wardens of the Forest, because they may not be Justices, nor have any Record but in the Eyre.

Dated at Westminster the Seventh Day of March, in the First Year of the Reign of the said King Edward that now is.

1 of 1 so enquired of St. 34 Ed. I.

1 confirmed St. 34 Ed. I.

del un Baunk & del autre, Justicz assignez aprendre assises & gaoles deliver, enquergent p force de cest estatut des tieux destresses, peiner, & peurementz h oient les pleintes de touz ceux q pleindre se vou drew en tieu cas p bille, & oient k eminent tieux pleintes, auxibien a suyte de ptie, come a la sute le Roi Et pr ceo q plusours gentz sount desheritez reintz et destruz p les sovÕeins gardeins de forestes de ceaTrente & de la & p les autrs ministres, encountre la fourme de la ch'fe de la Foreste, k encountre la declaration q le Roi Edward fiuz le Roi Henry fist en la fourme q sensuist, cest asavoir: nouz voillioms & grantoms pUr nous k pur noz heires, q dez trespas faites en noz forestes de vert & de veneson, q les foresters en qi bailiffs tieux trespas srount faites, psentent mesmes les trespas a p>schein Swainmot, devant foresters, verders regardours, & agistours, k autrs ministres de mesme la foreste, k sur tieux p'sentemenz devant les foresters verders, regardours, [agistours,1] k autrs ministres avantditz p sment auxibien des Chivalers, come dautres pdeshomes & loiaux & nemy suspecionus des pries veisinables, & plus pÈscheins ou tieux trespasses Srount issint psentez, k ou la vta p'ra meux & plus pleine- ment estre enquise, & tiele Vite, issint enquisse, soient tieles p)sentementz, p comun assent k acord de touz les ministres avauntditz, solempnement efforces et de lour seals enseales; & si en altre maner soit nul endite- ment fait, soit desoremes pur nul tenu: Et pur ceo q les Chiefs gardeins des forestes nont mye la dite fourme tenue jesqes en cea, acorde est, ordene, & es- tabli, q desormes nul ne soit pris ne en p'sone p' vert ne pÕ veneson, sil ne soit trove en meinoure, ou en la fourme avaundite endite, et adonqe luy lesse le sov'ein gardein de la foreste a meinp'se jesqes al Eire de fo.reste, saunz ren pndre pur la delivÕaunce, & si le dit gardein faire ne voille, eit bref en la Chancel q aun- cienment fust ordene p' tieux endite destre a mein- p'se jesqes en en eir. Et si le dit gardein, ap*s le dit bref resceu, ne face tieux endites saunz delai deliver a meinprise saunz rien p'ndre, donqes eit le pleintif bref en la Chauncellerie a viscount, datacher le dit gar.dein destre devaunt le Roi a ctein jour, a respondre pur quoi il nad replevi celui qest ensi pris, & le vis.count appellez les verders face delivere celui qest pris par bone meinprise en la p*sence des verders, & le nouns des meinpnours face liverer a mesmes les verders, a respoundre en eir devant Justices. Et si le Chief gardein de ceo soit atteint, soient agardez as pleinrifs lour damages au tresble, & le dit gardein a la psone k reint a la volunte le Roi; et desoremes soit escrit a eux come a les chiefs gardeins de la foreste, pur ceo q Justices ne deivent il estre, ne record avoir, forsq en Eyr. Don a Westin le vij. jour de Marz lan du regne le dit Roi Edward qore est primer.

* Interlined on the Roll.


È*

Çn

¥1*

ÇÈÈ

.n

Èii

šaft,

IS,

Ç*

k>

B'm

*Ç

lit

Èfi

slit

ÔFt

*/Ç

:kt!5 ill iiti a is

RIB

Mr.

k=

m

kit

Ibre

iki

is

ill*

is

F9

sis

*¥

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. ag.

AL Hon' de dieu & de seinte Eglise & en amende- ment des oppÕssions du poeple, le Roi Edward fiuz le Roi Edward, filz au Roi Edward filz le Roi Henri, a son plement qil tynt a Westmonster a p's la feste de la Purificacion de nre dame, lan de son regne primer, a la requeste de la comune de son roialme, p lor petitions mys devant luy & son conseil en le dit plement, p assent des Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & autrs g*ntz, au dit plement assemblez, ad graunte pur luy & ses heires a toutz jours les articles soutzescritz.

En p'mes q la gÒnde chartre des fraunchises & la chartre de la foreste soient gardes en toutz lor pointz. Et q la puralee q estoit chivauche en temps le Roi Edward, ael le Roi qor est, se tiegne en la forme qele estoit chivachee & bundee; e q sur ceo soit chartre faite a chescun Countee ou ele fust chivache. Et p la ou ele ne feust my chivachee le Roi voet q ele soit chivauche p bons & loialx & q chÒre sur ce soit faite come desus est dit. Itm q chescun home q eit boys deinz foreste poet j^ndre en son boys demeigne housbote & heybote sanz estre attache p ininistres de la foreste, issint qils le face p veue de Forester.

Et p' ce q avant ces houres, en temps le Roi pier au Roi qore est, Le Roi p malveys conseillers sanz cause & areynement fist pndre en sa meyn les temporalites des divs Evesqes, od toutz les biens & chateux en les dites temporalitees troveez, & mesmes les temporalitees tynt en sa meyn p long temps, & prist toutz les issues en mesmes le temps, a g*nt damages des ditz Evesqes, vastz & destructions de lor Chasteux Manoirs Parks & Boys; Le Roi g"nt & voet q desormes ne soit fait.

Itm come le Roi, piere le Roi qore est, avant ces houres avoit pdone a son poeple issues et aiSci- mentz tanq, al an du regne son piere vintisme, et puis tieux issues et aiSciementz, nient eyant regard a cel pdoun, ount este levez a g'nt damage de poeple: Le Roi voet q des tieux issues et aiScie- mentz soit fait ce q p son dit piere feust autre foitz grante. Et q les dettes des Jues soient pdonez.

Itm pur eese du poeple qi ad este greve avant ces houres p outrage lever des dettes le Roi, voet le Roi et gant q le Tresorer et Barouns de Lescheker puissent tminer & estaller chescuny dette due au Roi tanqs al sume de trois Centz livres, solonc lestat de les det- tours, sauve lour contenaunce. Et qil charge nemye les viscountes, baillifs des fraunchises, ne autrs q ount aconter a Lescheker, de nulle sume lever de nuly, sil se charge de tant come il poet lever p son sment sanz abatement de la contenance del dettour; mes soient les respons des viscontes et autrs tieux ministres acceptez solonc les pointz de lor sment.

Itm le Roi voet q desormes nul soit charge de soi armer autrement qil ne soieit entemps de ses auncestres Roys Dengletre; Et q nuls soient destreintz daler hors de lour Countez, si noun p cause de necessite de sodeyne venue des estraunges enemys en Roialme; et adonqes soit fait come ad este fait avant ces houres pur defens du Roialme.

Et pur ceo q la comune de poeple ad sentu graunte grevaunce de ceo, q q'nt ils gÕnterent au Roi eyde de lour biens, & r terns gentz ount este assignez de

Statute the Second.

TO the Honour of God and of Holy Church, and to the redress of the Oppressions of the People, King Edward [the Third,Õ] at his Parliament holden at Westminster after the Purification of our Lady, in the 1Õ irst Year of his Reign, at the request of the Commonalty of his Realm, by their Petition made before him and his Council in the Parliament, by Assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men assembled at the said Parliament, hath granted for him and his Heirs for ever these Articles underwritten.

FIRST, that the Great Charter of the Liberties, and the Charter of the Forest be observed and kept in every Article. And that the Perambulations of the Forest (:) in time of King Edward, Grandfather to the King that now is, be from henceforth holden in the like Form as it was then riden and bounded; and thereupon a Charter to be made to every Shire where it was riden [and bounded.]] And in such Places where it was not [bounded,3] the King will that it shall be [bounded 3] by good Men and lawful, and that a Charter be there.upon made as afore is said. Item, every Man that hath any Wood within the Forest may take Houseboot and Heyboot in his said Wood, without being attached for the same by any Ministers of the Forest, so that he do the same by the View of the Foresters.

AND because before this Time in the Time of King Edward, Father to the King that now is, the King by evil Counsellors caused to be seised into his Hands the Temporalties of divers Bishops, with all their Goods and Chattels therein found, without any Cause (3) and the same held in his Hands by a long Season, and continually thereof took the Profits, to the great Damage of the same Bishops, Wastes and Destructions of all their Castles, Manors, Parks, and Woods : The King will and granted), That from henceforth it shall not be done.

ITEM, Whereas King Edward, Father to the King that now is, in Times past had pardoned his People of all Issues and Amerciaments, till the xx. Year of the Reign of his Father, and afterward without having regard to the said Pardon, the said Issues and Amerciaments have been levied, to the great Damage of the People: The King will that as touching the same Issues and Amercia.ments, his Father's grant shall be executed. And that the JewsÕ Debts be also pardoned.

ITEM, For the case of the People which hath been before this Time grieved by outrageous levying of the KingÕs Debts; The King will and granteth, that the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer may determine and [ordain1'] every Debt due to the King to the Sum of Estates, three hundred pound, according to the Estate of the Debtors, saving always their countenance. And that they shall not charge the Sheriffs, Bayliffs of Liberties, nor none other Accomptants in the Exchequer, to levy any Sum of any Person, if he do charge him of as much as he may levy by his Oath, without abating the DebtorÕs Countenance; but the Answers of the Sheriffs, and of other Ministers, shall be taken according to the Point of their Oaths.

ITEM, The King will that no Man from henceforth shall be charged to arm himself, otherwise than he was wont in the Time of his Progenitors Kings of England ; and that no Man be compelled to go out of his Shire, but [where necessity requireth, and sudden coming'] of strange Enemies into the Realm; and then it shall be done as hath been used in times past for the defence of the Realm.

ITEM, Because the Commons have felt great Grief, whereas they granted any Aid to the King of their Goods, and certain were assigned to tax their Goods, and the

1 Son of King Edward, the Son of King Edward, the Son of King Henry, * that were riden

41 riden MS. Tr. 2. * and arraignment

6 stalle Old Printed CopiesÑcstalle MS. Tr. 2.

7 only for cause of necessity of sudden comingÑSee Stat.

4 Hen. IV. e. 13.

I.

Confirmation of the Charter*.

Perambu.lations of Forests.

II.

House-boot & Hey-boot within the Forest.

Seising of

Bishops*

Temporalties.

III. The late

King's Pardon of Issues and Amercia.ments.

The Jews

Debts

pardoned.

IV.

KingÕs Debts shall be paid

according to the Debtors

V.

Of Military

Service.

VI.

Abuses in taxing Aids to the King.

VOL. I.

VII.

Charges in the Conveyance of Soldiers.

VIII. Stat. Marlb. ja Hen. Ill, chapter 11, confirmed.

IX.

Liberties of Cities, Sic.

X.

The KingÕs Demand of Corodies, &c.

XI.

Prohibition to the Spiritual Court in Suits against Indiftors for Defamation.

XII.

Fine fur Alienation of Lands holden of the King.

XIII.

Purchasing of Lands holden of the King as of some Honour.

XIV.

Maintenance.

Taxers have levied the same Tax, and yielded their Ac- coinpt for the same at the Exchequer, and there paid the Money ; Justices have been assigned after to enquire of their doings; which Justices have taken Ransoms and Fines of the Taxer's and other, by colour of their Com.missions, to the great Oppression and Impoverishing of them ; The King will, that from henceforth they shall be taxed after the old manner, and not otherwise.

ITEM, Whereas Commissions have been awarded to certain People of Shires to prepare Men of Arms, and convey them to the King into Scotland or Gascoign, or elsewhere, at the charge of the Shires ; the King hath not before this Time given any Wages to the said Pre.parers and Conveyers, nor Soldiers whom they have brought, whereby the Commons of the Counties have been at great Charge, and much impoverished ; The King will that it shall be done so no more.

ITEM, Whereas some of the Realm have grievously complained, that they be grieved by Sheriffs, naming themselves the KingÕs Approvers, which take Money by Extortion for Beaupleader ; The King will, That the Statute of Marlebridge shall be observed and kept in this Point.

ITEM, The King will, That Cities, Boroughs, - and franchised Towns, shall enjoy their Franchises, Customs, and Usages, as they ought and were wont to do.

ITEM,Whereas Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, [Abbesses, and Prioresses '] have been before this Time sore grieved by the KingÕs Requests and his Progeni.tors, which have desired them by great Threats, for their Clerks and other Servants, for great Pensions, Prebends, Churches, and Corodies, so that they might nothing give nor do to such as had done them Service, nor to their Friends, to their great Charge and Damage; The King granteth, that from henceforth he will no more such Things desire, but where he ought.

ITEM, [The CommonsÕ] do grievously complain, that when divers Persons, as well Clerks as Lay People, have been indicted before Sheriffs in their Turns, and after by Inquests procured, be delivered before the Justices ; after their Deliverance they do sue in the Spiritual Court against such Indiftors, surmising against them that they have defamed them, to the great Damage of the In- dictors, wherefore many People of the Shire be in fear to indidt such Offenders; The King will, that in such Case every Man that feeleth himself grieved thereby, shall have ^Prohibition formed in the Chancery upon his Case.

ITEM, Whereas divers People of the Realm complain themselves to be grieved, because that Lands and Te.nements which be holden of the King in chief, and aliened without Licence, have been seised heretofore into the KingÕs Hands, and holden as forfeit; The King shall not hold them as forfeit in such Case, but will and grant from henceforth, of such Lands and Tenements so aliened, there shall be reasonable Fine taken in the Chan.cery, by due Process.

ITEM, Whereas divers have complained, that they be grieved by reason of purchasing of Lands and Tenements which have been holden of the KingÕs Progenitors that now is, as of Honours, and the same Lands and Tene.ments have been taken into the KingÕs Hands, as though they had been holden in chief of the King, as of his Crown; The King will, That from henceforth no Man be grieved by any such Purchase.

ITEM, Because the King desireth that common Right be administered to all Persons, as well poor as rich ; he commandeth and defendeth, that none of his Coun.sellors, nor of his House, nor none other of his Ministers, nor no great Man of the Realm by himself, nor by other, by sending of Letters, nor otherwise, nor none other in this Land, great nor small, shall take upon them to maintain Quarrels nor Parties in the Country, to the let and disturbance of the Common Law.

ITEM, Whereas many in this Realm in the Time of the KingÕs Father that now is, by means of his false and evil Counsellors, have been excited by Dures, to bind

Õ Ladies of Religion, and others, MS- Tr. 2.

1 many Men MS. Tr. 2.

-a IV.

lour biens taxer, et ceux taxours ount leve , et de ceo renduz lor acounte a LeschekiJ ?' deneers paiez illoeqes, gteyns Justices ount Çte ¡ signez aps denquere sÕ lour fritz, les queux n ount pris raunceons & fyns des taxours et p colour de lour comissions, en g*nt oDS>ssin , empoverissement de eux; Le Roi voeT q des^ l; taxez solonc^ lanciene manere & nemye autremeTt'

Ensement q q*nt comissions ount este maundez^ Cteynes gentz des Counteez darraier geãtz darmes & de eux mener au Roi en Escoz en GascoiJ ou aillours, a les coustages des Countees, le Roi S my ordene avant ces houres des gages des ditz arraioun & mesnours, ne des gentz darmes queles ih ount mesne, p quoi la comune des Countes ad este g*ntement charge et enpoverie; Le Roi voet q mes ne soil fait

Purceo q ascuns du roialme se sount grevement pleintz qils sount grevez p viscountes q se fount nomer approuours le Roi, qi pnent deners de eux p extorsion pÕ ce qils ne deyvent estre atchesonez de bel pleder derant eux; Le Roi voet q lestatut de Marlebergh en cel poynt soil garde & tenutz.

Auxint voet le Roi q les Citees, Burghs, & villes de franchises [eient leur franchisesÕ] usages, & franches custumes, solonc ce qils deyvent avoir et soleyent.

Et p' ce q Ercevesqes, Evesqes, Abbees, Priours, Dames de religion et autrs ount este avant ces houres gÕndement grevez p priers des Roys, q lor unt prie p g*ndes manaces pur lour Clerks & autfs lor svantz, p- grosses empensions, provendes, Eglises et Corodies, is- sint qils ne poent rien doner ne frire a ceux q loutÕ avoient Õ3vi, ne a lor amys, a g*nt charge et damage de eux ; Le Roi ne voet desore prier, mes la ou il devera.

Auxint plusours gentz sont grevement pleyntz q qÕnt divses gentz, auxibien Clerks come lays, ount este enditez devant viscontes en lour tours, & puis p enqueste pcure sont deliPez devant Justices, & ap*s lor deliv*ance suient en Court Crestiene dev*s les en- ditours, ensurmettaunt eux q eux lor ount diffame, a graunt damage des ditz enditours, p quoi plusours gentz des Countees se douteut plus denditer les malveys; Le Roi voet q en tieux cas chescun q se sent greve. eyt sÕ ce phibicion en Chauncellerie rourme en son cas.

Por ceo q plusours gentz du roialme se pleynent estre grevez de ce, q tres & tenementz q sont tenutz en chief du Roi, et alienez sanz son conge, ont este pris avant ces houres en la meyn le Roi, et tenutz come forfaitz ; Le Roi ne les dent mye come forfaitz en tieux cas; mes voet k g*nt q desoremes des tieux Pres et tenementz [alienez ] soit renable fin pris en Chauncellerie p due pees.

Et auxint come plusours gentz de people se pley.nent estre grevez p reson des pÕchacz des tres & te.nementz q ount este tenutz des auncestres le Roi qore est, come des honÕs, & mesmes tieux tenementz ount este pris en la meyn le Roi, auxint come ils eussent este tenutz en chief du Roi come de sa corone; Le Ro. voet 3 mes ne soil home enchesone p' nul tiel pure ace.

Itm pur ceo q le Roi desire q comun droit soitfait toutz, auxibien a povres come a riches, i defend 5 nul de ees confer*. ne Èu. e - H.M ? de ses autrs mimstres, ne nul g*nt d_____^ ^

.S autrs uiiiiiduwo, Ñ

7 o

, p maundement des Ires nen autre manere, ne nui

auue du roialme petit ne graunt nenpnent de meyntener

querels ne pties en pays en desturbaunt la comune Id ' " >*ÈÇfz du roialme, en temps le

autre

autre

Ifm come plusours gentz

falx k malveys

Roi piere le Roi qore est, p ses Ñ conseillers, ount este mesne p duresce de eux Her f

,J- Interlined on the Roll.

escritz de venir au Roi a force & armes, en ches- cun temps qils furent maundez, sur peine de vie & de membre, & de q*nt qil p'roient forfaire; p force des queux escritz plusours de la tVe ount este div1- sement destrutz ; Le Roi eyaunt regard q tieux escritz furent faitz a deshonour du Roi, desicome chescun feust tenu de faire au Roi come a seign' lige ceo q a luy appendoit sanz escrit, Voet q tieuz escritz desormes ne soient faitz ; et q ceux q sont faitz, p la veue de Chanceller & Tresorer, soient monstrez au Roi; & le Roi fra dampner ceux q sont faitz contre droit & reson.

Ifm pur la pees meultz garder & meyntener, le Roi veot qen chescun Countee q bones gentz & loialx, queux ne sont mye meyntenours de malveis baretz en pays, soient assignez a la garde de la pees.

Ifm le Roi comaunde q les viscontes & Baillifs des franchises, & toutz autrs q pnent enditementz a lor toums, ou ailliours ou enditementz 9rount faitz, preig. nent tieux enditementz p roule endente dount Lune ptie demeorge vs les enditours, & lautre ptie devÕs cely qi prendra Lenqueste, issint q les enditementz ne soient beseleez come avant ces houres ount este, & issint q un de lenqueste peut monstrer lune ptie de lendenture a la Justice qÔnt il vendra pr la delivÕaunce faire.

Memorand qd ista duo statuta pcedencia missa fuerunt in Hibii in forma patenti, cum quodam bri inferi9 seqn.

themselves by Writing, to come to the King with Force and Arms, whensoever they should be sent for, upon Pain of Life and Limb, and to forfeit all that ever they might forfeit; by virtue of which Writings divers of this Land have been often destroyed : The King, con.sidering that such Writings were made to the KingÕs dishonour, sithence that every Man is bound to do to the King, as to his Liege Lord, all that pertaineth to him without any manner of Writing, Willeth, that from henceforth no such Writing be made; and that such as be made, by the sight of the Chancellor and Treasurer, shall be shewed to the King ; and the King shall cause all such as be made against Right and Reason to be cancelled.

ITEM, For the better keeping and maintenance of the Peace, the King will, that in every County good Men and lawful, which be [no Maintainers of Evil, or Bar- retors '] in the Country, shall be assigned to keep the

Peace.

ITEM, The King commandeth, That the Sheriffs and Bailiffs of Franchises, and all other that do take Indict.ments in their Turns, or elsewhere, where Indictments ought to be made, shall take such Indictment by Roll indented, whereof the one Part shall remain with the IndiCtors, and the other Part with him that taketh the Inquest; so that the Indictments shall not be imbezilled as they have been in times past; and so that one of the Inquest may shew the one part of the Indenture to the Justices, when they come to make Deliverance.

. No Maintainers of cursed BarTetors MS. Tr. a.

Be it Remembered, that the two preceding Statutes were sent into Ireland in form of Letters Patent, with a certain Writ hereunder following.2

1 See Memorandum at the End of Stat. 5 Edw. III.

None shall be bound by Writing to come with Arms to the King.

XVI.

Keepers of the Peace in each County.

XVII.

Indictments shall be taken by Indenture.

Anno 2¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D.1328.

£>tatutu eDttu apu& IfrojpT, anno r. ft. C. tÕclt post conquestu 0CÕDo.

STATUTE made at NORTHAMPTON;

In the Second Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD the Third after the Conquest.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 28.

Nre seignÕ le Roi Edward, le tierz a pÕs le con- queste, a son plement tenuz a Norfit as rrois semeins de Pasch, Lan de son regne secund, desiraunt q la pees de sa tre, & les leis & estatuz avant ces heures ordenez & usez, soient gardez & meintenuz en touz poyntz, A1 honÕ de dieu & de seinte eglise, & a coe pfit du poeple, p assent des Prelatz, C.ountes & Barons & autres gÕntz, & tote la ccie du roialme, au dit plement somons, ordena & estabiit en meisme le plement les choses southescrites en la forme q sensuit.

En primes q la gÕnte Chartre & la Chartre de la foreste soient tenuz en touz pointz.

Ensement pr ceo q meffesours ont este esbauditz de ce q chartres de pdoun ont este si Ieg?menr g*ntees avant ces heures, des homicides, robies, felonies & autres tres- pas countre la pees; acorde est & establi q tiels chartres ne soient mes g'ntees fors qen cas ou le Roi le poet faire p son €ment, cest assavoir en cas ou home tue autre soi defendant, ou p infortune : Et auxint ont este esbau.ditz de ceo q Justiceries as delivances des gaoles, & a oier & tminer, ont estez g'ntees as gentz pcurez countre forme de lestatut fait en temps le Roi Edward, ael

OUR Lord King Edward, the Third after the Con.quest, at his Parliament holden at Northampton, at the three weeks of Easter, in the second year of his Reign, desiring that the Peace of his Land, and his Laws and Statutes, ordained and used before this Time, may be kept and maintained in all Points ; to the Honour of God and of Holy Church, and to the common Profit of the People, by Assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men, and all the Commonalty sum.moned to the same Parliament, hath ordained and established in the said Parliament these Things under.written, in Form following.

FIRST, That the Great Charter, and the Charter of I. the Forest, be observed in all Points. TheChirter*.

ITEM, Whereas Offenders have been greatly encou- n. raged, because [the'] Charters of Pardon have been so Pardons easily granted in times past, of Manslaughters, Robberies, for Felony. Felonies, and other Trespasses against the Peace; It is ordained and enacted, That such Charter shall not be granted, but only where the King may do it by his Oath, that is to say, where a Man slayeth another in his own defence, or by Misfortune: And also they have been en.couraged, because that [' the Justices of Gaol-delivery, and of Oyer and Terminer, have been procured by great Men1] against the Form of the Statute made in the xxvij year of the reign of King Edward,

1 that

1 Commiijionj of Gaol Delivery atul of Oier anil Terminer hove leen granted to Perjonj procured

27 /. c.3.

Justices

of Assise and Gaol- delivery.

Oycrs and Terminer*.

III.

Riding or going armed in Affray of the Peace.

IV.

The Statute of Lincoln, 9 Edw. II. concerning Sheriffs, *kc. confirmed.

V.

The Statute Westminster the Second, 13 Ldw. I. chapter .59, concerning . the Delivery of Writs to the Sheriff, confirmed.

Grandfather to our Lord the King that now is, wherein is contained, that Justices assigned to take Assises, if they be Laymen, shall make Deliverance; and if the one be a Clerk, and the other a Layman, that the Lay Judge, with another of the Country associate to him, shall deliver the Gaols: Wherefore it is enafted, That such [Justices"] shall not be made against the Form of the said Statute; and that the Assises, Attaints, and Certifications be taken before the Justices commonly assigned, which should be good Men and lawful, hav.ing Knowledge of the Law, and none other, after the Form of another Statute made in the Time of the said [King Edward the First;Ô] and that the Oyers and Ter- miners shall not be granted but before Justices of the one Bench or the other, or the Justices Errants, and that for great [hurt,] or horrible Trespasses, and of the KingÕs special Grace, after the Form of the Statute thereof ordained in Time of the said Grandfather, and none otherwise.

ITEM, It is enafted, That no Man great nor small, of what Condition soever he be, except the KingÕs Ser.vants in his presence, and his Ministers in executing of the KingÕs Precepts, or of their Office, and such as be in their Company assisting them, and also [upon a Cry made for Arms to keep the Peace, and the same in such places where such Afts happen,3] be so hardy to come before the King's Justices, or other of the KingÕs Ministers doing their office, with force and arms, nor bring no force in affray of the peace, nor to go nor ride armed by night nor by day, in Fairs, Markets, nor in the presence of the Justices or other Ministers, nor in no part elsewhere, upon pain to forfeit their Armour to the King, and their Bodies to Prison at the KingÕs pleasure. And that the KingÕs Justices in their presence, Sheriffs, and other Ministers (*) in their Baili.wicks, Lords of Franchises, and their Bailiffs in the same, and Mayors and Bailiffs of Cities and Boroughs, within the same' Cities and Boroughs, and Borough- Holders, Constables, and Wardens of the Peace within their Wards, shall have Power to execute this Aft. And that the Justices assigned, at their coming down into the Country, shall have Power to enquire how such Officers and Lords have exercised their Offices in this Case, and to punish them whom they find that have not done that which pertained to their Office.

ITEM, Because the Peace cannot be well kept without good Ministers, as Sheriffs, Bailiffs, and Hundreders, which ought to do Execution as well of the KingÕs Privities as of other Things touching our Lord the King and his People; It is ordained and established, That the Statute made in the time of King Edward, Father to the King that now is, at Lincoln, containing that Sheriffs, Hundreders, and Bailiffs shall be of such People as have Lands in the same Shires or Bailiwicks, shall be observed in all Points after the Form thereof; and that Sheriff's and Bailiffs of Fee shall cause their Counties and Bailiwicks to be kept by such as have Lands therein.

ITEM, Where it was ordained by the Statute of Westminster the Second, that they which will deliver their Writs to the Sheriff, shall deliver them in the full County, or in the Rere County, and that the Sheriff or under Sheriff shall thereupon make a Bill; It is accorded and established, that at what Time or Place in the County a Man doth deliver any Writ to the Sheriff or to the Under-Sheriff, that they shall receive the same Writs, and make a Bill, after the form contained in the same Statute, without taking any Thing therefore ; and if they refuse to make a Bill, others that be present shall set to their Seals; and if the Sheriff or Under-Sheriff do not return the said Writs, they shall be punished after the form contained in the same Statute ; and also the Justices of Assises shall have power to enquire thereof at every ManÕs Complaint, and to award Damages, as having respeft to the Delay, and to the loss and peril that might happen

1 Commissions 1 Grandfather

* upon n Proclamation of Deeds of Arm t in time of Peace, and that in Places where such Deeds are to Le done,ÑSee Lib. Rub. Scac.Westm. fo. 122 b. a Writ reciting a Grant of K. Richard I. Ò qd Torneatnta sint in Angt in v. placias : In? Sar? 8c Wilton : InV Warrewich Sc Kenelingworth : In? Stanford 8c Warneford : In? Bral-.ele 8c Mixebr : In? Blie & Tylcchilf. Ita qd pax ?re nre no infringet', nc potestas Justiciaria minorabit' Nec dc fnrestU nfis dapnu infrret1.Ó . 0f the Kinf

nfe Seigrn le Roi qore est, en quele est comenu* S les Justices as assises p>ndre assignez sils soient lais, facent les delivWes; et si lun soit clerc, & lautre lais, q le dit lais, associe a lui un autre du pais, fecent ^ delivWe des gaols; p qoi acorde est & establi, q dels Justiceries ne soient mes gÕntees countre la forme du dit estatut, & q les assises, atteintes, & edifications soient p'ses devant les Justices comunement assignez, q soient bones gentz & loialx & conissantz de la lei, & nemie autres ; solonc la forme dun autre statut fait en temps meisme le ael; et q les oiers & Pminers ne soient gran-

tees forsq,-----devant les Justices de lun Baunk & de

lautre, ou les Justices errantz ; & ce pr led & orrible tres- pas, & de lespeciale gÔce le Roi, solonc forme de statut de ce ordene en temps meisme le ael; & nemie autrement.

Ensement acorde est & establi, q nul, g*nt ne petit de quele condicion qil soit, sauve les sjantz |e Roi en la pPsence le Roi, & les Ministres le Roi, en- fesantz execucion des mandementz le Roi, ou de lour office, & ceux qi sont en lour compaignies, eidantz as ditz ministres, & auxint au cri de fait darmes de pees, & ce en lieux ou tielx faitz se ferront, soit si hardi de venir devant les Justices le Roi, ou autres Ministres le Roi enfesant lour office, a force & armes; ne force mesner en affrai de la pees, ne de chivau. cher ne daler arme, ne de nuit ne de jour, en faires, marchees, nen pÕsence des Justices, ne dautres Ministres, ne nule part aillours, sur peine de pdre lour armures au Roi & de lour corps a la prisone a la volume le Roi. Et q Justices le Roi en lour p'sences, viscountes & autres Ministres le Roi en lour baillies, seign's des fraunchises & lour baillifs en yceles, & Meire & Baillifs des Citees & Burghs deinz meismes les Citees & Burghs, Burghaldres, conestables, & gardeins de la pees deinz lour gardes, eient poair affaire execucion de cest acord. Et q les Justices assignez, a lour venu en pais, eient poair denquere coment tielx Ministres & seign's ont use lour office en ce, & de punir ceux qils trovont, qi nount mie fait ce q a lour office appent.

Et p'ce q la pees ne poet mie estre bien garde sauntz bons ministres, come Viscountes, Baillifs, & Hundreders qi deivent faire execucion, auxibien des p'vetez le Roi come dautres choses tochantes le Roi & son poeple, acorde est & establi q lestatut fait en temps le Roi Edward, piere le Roi qore est, a Nicole, contenant q Viscontes, Hundreders & Baillifs soient des gentz eantz ?res en meismes les Countez, ou baillies, soit garde en touz pointz solonc la forme dycel, & auxint q les Viscountes & Baillifs de fee, facent garder meismes lour Countez & Baillies p gentz eantz tres en yceles.^

Ensement la ou ordine est, p statut de Westmonsf le secund, q ceux q livW volent lour briefs as viscountes, les livent en plein Counte, ou en rerecounte, & q vis- conte ou southvisconte facent sur ce bille; acorde est & establi q a quele heure ou a queu lieu deinz le Counte home livre a viscountes, ou a southviscontes, briefs, qils les resceivent & facent bille en la forme con- tenue en le dit estatut, & ce sanz rien p\idre; et sils refusent de faire bille, mettent autres lour sealx qi Sront psentz; et si le Viscounte ou le Southvts- counte ne retorne mie les briefs, soient puniz so forme contenue en le dit estatut; & jadumern les Justices as assises pndre assignez P¡Èir ^ de ce a chescuny pleinte & de agarder darnag , regard au delai, & a les ptes & pils q* P averu

s

le

P1

te

Ž

It

0

tr

a

1

e

8

d

i

t

i

t

t

t

t

i

t

i

i

Go

Et qÔnt a la garde de la pees en temps avenir, acorde esc & establi q les estatuz faites en temps passez, ovesq lestatut de Wyncestr, soient tenuz & gardez en touz pointz; ajouste au dit estatut de Wyncestr, la ou con- tenuz est en la fin, q Justices assignez eient poair den- quere des defautes & des reporter au Roi en plement, dont home nad pas veu issue, q les ditz Justices assignez eient poair de punir les desobeissantz & contrevenantz.

Et q*nt au punissement de felonies, rofties, homicides, trespas & opp'ssions du poeple, faitz en temps passe; acorde est q nre Seign' le Roi assigne Justices en dips lieux de sa tre, ove le Baunk le Roi p aillours, come estoit faite en temps de son dit ael, des gÒntz de la tVe qi sont de g*nt poair, ovesqs ascuns des Justices de lun Baunk ou de lautre, ou autres sages de la lei, denquere, auxibien a seute de ptie, come a la seute le Roi, et doier & tminer totes manies des felonies, ro- fcies, homicides, larcins, opp'ssions, conspiracies, & gre- vances faitz au poeple, countre la lei, Les estatuz & la custume de la tre, auxibien p ministres le Roi come p autres, qi qils soient, & ce auxibien dedeinz fraun- chises come dehors. Et auxint denquere des Vis- contes, Coroners, Southeschetours, Hundreders, Baillifs, Conestables, & touz autres Ministres deinz franchise & dehors, & lour southministres, & doier & rminer a la seute le Roi & de ptie. Et nre Seignr le Roi & touz les g*ntz du Roiaime en plein plement ont empris de meintenir la pees, garder & sauver les Justices le Roi, p la ou ils veignent, & deider p eux & les leurs, q les juggementz & les execucions ne soient pas arestuz, mes executz, & q le meffesours ne sront p eux co$tz ne meintenuz en p've nen apt: Mes nest pas lentencion du Roi ne de son conseil q'p ceste acord Pjudice aveigne a les gÕntz de la tVe, eantz franchises, ne a la Citee de Loundres, ne as autres Citees ne Burghs, ne a les Cynkportz en droit de lour fraunchises.

Ensement acorde est & establi q mande ne soit, p le g*nt seal ne p le petit seal, a destourber ou delayer cue droit; & mesq tielx mandementz veignent q p tant les Justices ne s'sessent pas de faire droit en nul point.

Ensement est acorde & establi q les estaples p decea & p delaa, ordeinez p les Rois en temps passe, & les peines sur ce ordeinees, cessent; & q touz marchantz aliens & p'veez peussent aler & venir od lour marchandises en EngletVe, solonc la tenour de la g"nte Chartre; & q sr ceo briefs soient mandez a touz les viscontes Dengle- tVe & as Meires & baillifs des bones villes ou mestier sra.

Ensement come le Roi Edward, piere le Roi qore est, pdona a son poeple aiSciementz & is.sues forfaitz, jesqs al vintisme an du regne son piere ael le Roi quore est, le Roi pr ees de son poeple ad pdone touz les fins q ont este faitz en Chaun- cellerie pr briefs avoir, tanq al vintisme an avantdit.

Et p' ce q p remuement du coe Bank les pleez bien sovent ont demore saunz jour, a gÕntz damage, & en pil de deshitance des pluseurs; acorde est & establi q desore en avant les Justices, avant ce q le Bank se re- muera, soient garniz p temps, issint queux peussent ajorner les pties si p temps qeles ne pdent mie lour pees.

Et come touz les Countez DengletVe furent aunciene- ment assis a <?teine ferme, & adonqs furent touz les Hundredz & les Wapentakes, en les meins des viscountes, aporcionez a cele ferme, et puis furont approwours mandez en dips Contez, les queux encrustrent les fermes dascuns Hundredz & Wapentakes, et puis les Rois en dips temps ont gÕntez as dips gentz pties des Hundredz & Wapentakes, pr les auncienes fermes tantsoulement,

& jatardeis les viscountes sont chargez entierment del

ITEM, As to the keeping of the Peace inTime to come,

It is ordained and enabled, that the Statutes made in Time past, with the Statute of Winchester, shall be observed and kept in every point; [and where it is contained in the End of the said Statute of Winchester,Õ] that the Justices assigned shall have power to enquire of Defaults, and to report to the King in his Parliament, [and the King to remedy it,1] which no Man hath yet seen (J) the same Justices shall have Power to punish the Disobeyers and Resisters.

ITEM, As to the Punishment of Felonies, Robberies, Manslaughters, Trespasses, and Oppressions of the People committed in times past: It is accorded that our Sovereign Lord the King, shall assign Justices in divers places of this Land, [within the KingÕs Bench, and else.where,4] as it was done in the Time of his said Grand.father, of great Men of the Land, which be of great Power, with some of the Justices of the one Bench, or of the other, [withs] other learned Men in the Law, to enquire as well at the Suit of the Party, as at the KingÕs Suit, and to hear and determine all manner of Felonies, Robberies, Manslaughters, Theft, Oppressions, Con.spiracies, and Grievances done to the People against the Law, Statutes, and Customs of the Land, as well by the KingÕs Ministers, as by other whatsoever they be, and that as well within Franchises as without. And also to enquire of Sheriffs, Coroners, [Under Sheriffs,6] Hun.dreders, Bailiffs, Constables, and all other Ministers within Liberties and without, and of their under-ministers; and to hear and determine at the KingÕs Suit, and also the PartyÕs. And our Sovereign Lord the King, and all the great Men of the Realm in the full Parliament, have taken upon them [to maintain and keep the peace; and they and theirs to save the KingÕs Justices, and aid them where they come, so that the judgement Õ] and executions be not let, but executed; and the Offen.ders be not hid by them, nor maintained privily nor apertly: but the intent of the King and his Council is not, that by this Act any prejudice should ensue to the great Men of the Land having IJberties, nor to the City of London, nor to other Cities nor Burghs, nor to the Five Ports in the right of their Franchise.

ITEM, It is accorded and established, That it shall not be commanded by the great Seal nor the little Seal to disturb or delay common Right; and though such Com.mandments do come, the Justices shall not therefore leave to do right in any point.

1TE M, It is enabled, That the Staples beyond the Sea and on this Side, ordained by Kings in Times past, and the Pains thereupon provided, shall cease; and that all Merchant Strangers and privy, may go and come with their Merchandises into England, after the Tenor of the Great Charter; and that Writs thereupon shall be sent to all Sheriffs of England, and to Mayors and Bailiffs of good Towns, where need shall require.

ITEM, Whereas King Edward, Father to the King that now is, did pardon his People of Issues and Amercia.ments, that were forfeit till the twenty year of the Reign of his Father, Grandfather to the King that now is : The King for ease of his People, hath pardoned all the Fines that have been made in the Chancery, for to have Writs till the xx. year aforesaid.

ITEM, Whereas by removing of the Common Bench, the Pleas have oftentimes abiden without Day, to the great hurt, and peril of Disherison of divers; It is enacted, That from henceforth the Justices before that the Common Bench be removed, shall be warned by a Warning. Time, so that they may adjourn the Parties by such Time that they shall not lose their Process.

ITEM, Whereas all the Counties in England were in old Time assessed to a certain Ferm, and then were all the Hundreds and Wapentakes in the Sheriffs Hands VVaPenl rated to this Ferm ; and after were Approvers sent into to

divers Counties, which did increase the Ferms of some Counties, and Hundreds and Wapentakes; and after, the Kings at not Jet to divers Times have granted to many Men part of the Fcrm' same Hundreds and Wapentakes for the old Ferms only; and now late the Sheriffs be wholly charged of the

VI.

The Statute of Wynton, 13 Edna- /¥

confirmed,

ft c.

VII.

Juaticea assigned to enquire of Felonies, Robberies, ftc.

VIII.

Commands shall riot be in delay of Justice.

IX.

AU Staples thall cease.

X.

Pardon of Fines for Writs in Chancery.

XI.

The Common Bench not to be removed without

XII.

Hundrediand

Wapentakes

1 add to the laid Statute of IVinchater, (where it it contained at the end thereof

Ô Not in the Original. 3 the ejed of, that

4 nuith the KinsÕt Bench betidet, ' or 6 Sub-Eicheaton ' to maintain the peace, to keep and tave the Kinft Jutticet where.to ever they come, and to aid by ihemtelvet, and ibeirt, that the Judgmenti


XIII.

T respass in the late KingÕs Time.

XIV. Measure and Assise of Cloths imported.

XV.

Keeping of Fairs, for the Time limited by Charter, See.

XVI. Stf Slat.

11 EJ-ai. II. 4-

U.

Increase, which amounteth to a great Sum, to the great hurt of the People, and Disherison of the Sheriffs and their Heirs: It is ordained, That the Hundreds and Wapentakes let to Perm by the King that now is, be it for Term of Life or otherwise, which were sometimes annexed to the Ferms of the Counties where the Sheriffs be charged, shall be joined again to the Counties ; and that the Sheriffs and their Heirs have Allowance for the Time that is past; and that from henceforth such Hun.dreds and Wapentakes shall not be given nor severed from the Counties.

ITEM, It is accorded and enacted, that like process shall be made of Trespass done in the Time of King Edward, father to the King that now is, as of Trespass done in the Time of the King that now is.

ITEM, It is enacted by our Sovereign Lord the King, and his Council, that from the Feast of Saint Michael, next coming forward, all Cloths in such Places where they shall be put to Land, shall be measured by the KingÕs Aulnegeours in the presence of the Mayor and Bailiffs, where there is a Mayor, and where no Mayor is, in presence of the Bailiffs of the same Places ; that is to say, the Length of every Cloth of Ray, by a Line of seven Yards, four times measured by the List, and the Breadth of every Ray Cloth six Quarters of mea.sure by the Yard ; and of coloured Cloths the Length shall be measured by the Back, by a Line of six Yards and a half, four times measured, and the breadth six Quarters and an half measured by the yard without [defoiling'] the Cloths; and that the Mayor and Bai.liffs where a Mayor is, or the Bailiffs where no Mayor is, of the Towns or Places where such Cloths shall come, shall be ready to make Proof what time they shall be required by the Meter, without taking any thing of the Merchants; and Cloths which be of the said As.sise, shall be marked by the Mayor and Bailiffs, where a Mayor is, or by the Bailiffs where there is no Mayor, as well as by the Aulnegeour ; and that all the Cloths which shall be found defective of the same Assise, shall be forfeit to the King, and prised at their true Value in the presence of the said Mayor and Bailiffs ; and to re.main with the Aulnegeours by Indenture between them, to answer to the King of the said Cloths so forfeit; and that the Mayor and Bailiffs shall deliver the Inden.tures made of such Cloths forfeit, every year into the Exchequer, the morrrow after the Feast of Saint Michael, for to charge the said Aulnegeour; and at the same time shall the Aulnegeour be put to answer at the Ex.chequer of the said Forfeitures. It is in the KingÕs mind and his Counsels, that this aft shall extend to such Cloths as shall come into the Land after the Feast of Saint Michael ; and this aft shall be published and proclaimed throughout the Realm, so that no Merchant, Privy nor Stranger, shall be surprised by this Statute.

ITEM, It is established, That it shall be commanded to all the Sheriffs of England, and elsewhere where need shall require, to cry and publish within Liberties and without, that all the Lords which have Fairs, be it for yielding certain Ferm for the same to the King, or other.wise, shall hold the same for the Time that they ought to hold it, and no longer; that is to say, such as have them by the KingÕs Charter granted them, for the Time limited by the said Charters ; and also they that have them without Charter, for the Time that they ought to hold them of right. And that every Lord at the begin.ning of his Fair shall there do cry and publish how long the Fair shall endure ; to the Intent that Merchants shall not be at the same Fairs over the Time so published, upon pain to be grievously punished towards the King ; nor the said Lords shall not hold them over the due Time, upon pain to seize the Fairs into the KingÕs hands, there to remain till they have made a Fine to the King for the Offence, after it be duly found, that the Lords held the same Fairs longer than they ought, or that the Merchants have sitten above the Time so cried and published.

ITEM, Whereas in a Statute made at York, in the Time of the Father of our Lord the King that now is, it is contained that Inquests and Juries, which be and shall be hereafter taken, requiring no great Examination,

Õ tlefouling MS. Tr. i.Ñsome old Printed Copies read Ò marring.Ó

encrees q amount a gÕnte sume, a g*nt damage du poeol & desfmance de vtscountes & de lour heirs- arnrH 6 & establi q des Hundredz & Wapentakes baillez a fc St p le Roi qore est, soil il a tW de vie ou autremm q auncienement furent annex as fermes des Counted ou les viscontes sont chargez, soient rejointz as Countez et q de temps passe eient les viscountes ou lour heirs allowance; & q desore en avant teux Wapentakes ne Hundredz ne soient donez ne se9ez des CountezÕ Ensement est acorde & establi q a tieu pees soit fail des trespas fait en temps le Roi Edward, piere le Roi qore est, come de de trespas fait en temps le Roi qore est Ensement est acorde & establi p nre Seign' le Roi & son conseil, q de la seint Michel p>schein avenir en avant, touz les draps es lieux ou ils sront mis a fre, soient aunez p le auneour le Roi, en p>sence des Meire & Baillifs ou Meire y est, ou des bailiffs ou meire nyest, de meisme les lieux; cest assavoir la longure de chescun drap de Raye p une corde de sept aunes quatrefoitz mesure p le list, & [a laoure de chescun drap de Reye sis qÕrters de lee, mesure p laune; et de draps de colour la longure soit mesure p le dos p un corde de sis aunes & demi qtre- foitz mesure ; & la laoure sis quar?s & demi mesure p laune sanz defoler les draps; et q Meire & Baillifs ou Meire y est, ou Baillifs ou Meire nest pas, des villes ou lieux ou les draps vendront, soient p>stz a lassai faire, quele heure qils soient requis p launeour, saunz rien pkidre des marchauntz ; et q touz les draps q €ront trovez de la dite assise, soient ivichez auxibien p Meire & Baillifs ou Meire y est, ou p baillifs ou Meire nest pas, come p launeour, et les draps q ne sront pas trovez de lassise avantdite, soient forfaitz au Roi, & p'sez a la vVeie value, en yPsence des ditz Meire & Baillifs, & demoergent de9s launeour p endenture entre eux faite, a respondre des ditz draps issint forfaitz au Roi; et q les ditz Meire & Bailiffs, les endentures issint faites de tieux draps forfaitz, facent liv*er chescun an a Lescheqr a lendemeyn de Seint Michel, pr charger le dit auneour; & a meisme le temps soit le dit auneour a Lescheqr a respondre des dites forfaitures. Et est lentencion de nre dit SeignÕ le Roi & de son conseil q cest acord se tiegne des draps q vendront en la fre a.p>s la dite feste de Seint Michel; & q cest acord soit publie & crie p tout le Roialme, Issint q les Marchauntz ne p'vez nestraunges soient suppÕs p meisme lacord.

Ensement est acorde & establi q maunde soit a touz les viscountes Denglet re, & p aillours ou mestier Sra, a crier & publier, deinz fÕunchises dehors, q touz les SeignÕs q feires enount, soit il pÕ &eine feme ent rendant au Roi, ou autrement, les tiegnent pÕ le temps qils devW, & nemie outre; cest asavoir ceux qi les ount p cfcres des Rois pr les temps a eux gÕuntez p les dites ctires ; et ceux qi les ount sanz efire p temps queux ils les deivent tenir de droit. Et q chescun SeignÕ au comenceinent de sa feire face crier p lieren ycele come longement sa feire se tendra, ton q les Marchantz ne seessent es dites femes o temps issint publiez, sur peine destre Js le Roi; ne q les ditz SeignÕs temps les tiegnent, sur peine ap>ndre mevn le Roi, a demorer tanoils eient fat n le trespas, a?s ceo q trove ^ra duem^ qe^ les ount tenuz plus longement qi s e > ^ & crjez. chauntz ount sis outre le temps issinp ^ ^ Et come en un estatut fait a ) > contenuz q piere nre SeignÕ le Rot <iore ã ^ont aptodre, q ne les enquestes & jurees qe sont & devant

sont mie de g*nt exammement, so.en P


¥s

S

"**

(86;

h.

*^|

iki

Ç*:

1*6

.M,

teij

late

fcaa

Hi

M

iÈi

fapiÕl : ac

jtsi

uk

felt.

te:

mu

bÇ

Sndr

(is

mil

ns

111!

SS!

its

ins

kin

gT

KJJ!

fk*

Sf

if*

if*

iii

jrH

©j

i*

#'

ifet

ft!

Ik*

>i*

,U

I*

I*

un Justice de la place ou la plee est, associe a lui un pdhome du pais, Chivaler ou autre, issint q extern jour soit done en Bank, & ?tein jour & lieu en pais en psence de pties, si le demandant le p'e; & auxint les enquestes & jurees en plee de tVe, qe demandent g*nt examinement, soient p'ses en pais en la forme susdite devant deux Justices du Bank: acorde est & establi q totes dels enquestes, q sont ou en temps avenir a pWre sront, en plee de 9re, soient p'ses auxibien a la p'ere le tenant come le demandant; tout lautre pees acorde en dit estatut, en tieu cas sauve & garde.

Auxint est acorde & establi q brief de deceit soit meintenu & lieu tiegne, auxibien en cas de gamisse- ment q touche plee du tVe, ou deu gamissement est done, come en cas de somons en plee de ?re.

Vie Nortit, saltm. Quoddam statutu p nos & conciliu nrm in pleno pliamento nro apud Norhamp- ton convocato, ad emendacoem stat9 populi regni nri, editu, sigillo nro consignatu tibi mittim9 ; mandantes qd statutu illud, & o fries articulos in eo contentos, in pleno Com tuo & in Civitatibj, Burgis, villis nJcatoriis, & aliis locis in balliva tua ubi expedire videris, tarn infra libtates qÕm ext*, legi & publice pclamari & ob- servari fac. T. R. apud Norfit xxii die Junii.

Eodem modo mand est singulis vicecomitiby p Angt.

Memorand qd istud statutum missum fuit in Hibn in forma patenti cum quodam bfi inferius seqri.

shall be taken before one Jusdce of the Place where the Plea is, adjoining to him one discreet Man of the Country, Knight, or other, so that a certain Day be given in the Bench, and a certain Day and Place in the Country, in the presence of the Parties, if the Demandant pray the same; and also the Inquests and Juries in Plea of Land, which require great Examination, shall be taken in the Country in the said Form before Two Jus- dees of the Bench: It is accorded and enabled, That all such Inquests which are, or in Time to come shall be taken, in Plea of Land, shall be taken as well at the Request of the Tenant as the Demandant; all other Pro.cess according to the said Statute in such Case saved and kept.

ITEM, It is enaited, That a Writ of Deceit shall be maintainable, and hold Place, as well in the Case of Garnishment touching Plea of Land, where such Gar.nishment is given, as in case of Summons in Plea of Land. [Dated at Northampton.]

The King to the Sheriff of Northampton, Greeting. A cer.tain Statute, by Us and our Council, in our full Parliament called at Northampton, for the Amendment of the State of the People of our Realm, set forth, We do send to you under our Seal ; Commanding that the same Statute, and all the Articles therein contained, in your full County Court, and in the Cities, Boroughs, Market Towns, and other Places in your Bailiwick, where you shall see meet, as well within Liberties as without, you do cause to be read and to be publicly pro.claimed and observed. Witness the King at Northampton the twenty-second day of June.

In the same manner it was commanded to the several Sheriffs throughout England.

Be it Remembered, that this Statute was sent into Ireland, in form of Letters Patent with a certain Writ hereunder

following.'

1 See Memorandum at the end of Stat. 5 Edw. III.

Anno 4¡ ED WARD I, III. A.D.1330.

statutu ebttu apub aZRestm, anno regnt ft. Û. tÕett post conquestÕ quarto.

STATUTE made at WESTMINSTER;

In the Fourth Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD the Third after the Conquest.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 27.

AU Parlement somons a Westmostier, le Lundy p'seheyn up's la feste de Seinte Katine, lan du regne nre Seign' le Roi Edward, tierz a[?s le Conquest, quart, Si sont les choses soutzescriptes, a la requeste de la Comunalte, assentuz & acordez p nre Seignr le Roi, Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & autres g"ntz de mesme le plement, les queux choses nre Seignr le Roi voet qen touz les Counteez de En- gletVe soient mandez, a publier & fermement garder.

Adep'mes acorde est q la G*nde Chartre & la Chartre de la Foreste, & les estatuz faitz en temps des pgenitours nfe Seign' le Roi, 8c auxint en son temps demeigne, soient gardez & meyntenuz en touz pointz.

Ensement est acorde q bones gentz & sages, autres q des places si home les puisse trover suffisantz, soient assignez en touz les Counteez Dengletre apndre les assises, jureez & ftificacions, & a deliver les gaoles; et q les ditz Justices preignent les assises, jurees, & cAifi- cacions, 8c deliv'ent les gaoles, au meyns troiz foitz p an, h plus sovent si mestier €ra, & soient auxint assignez

AT the Parliament, summoned at Westminster, the Monday next after the Feast of Saint Katherine, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King Edward, the Third after the Conquest, these Things underwritten, at the request of the Commons be established and enacted by our Lord the King, his Prelates, Earls, and Barons, and other (1) of the same Parliament; which Things our Lord the King will (!) to be published, and surely ob.served in all his Counties of England.

FIRST, It is accorded, That the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Forest, and all other Statutes, made as well in the time of the KingÕs Progenitors, as in the KingÕs time that now is be kept and maintained in all Points.

ITEM, It is ordained, that good and discreet Persons, other than of the Places, if they may be found suf.ficient, shall be assigned in all the Shires of England, to take Assises, Juries, and Certifications, and to deliver the Gaols; and that the said Justices shall take the Assises, Juries, and Certifications, and deliver the Gaols, at the least three times a Year, and more often, if need be; also there shall be assigned good and lawful Men

1 great men * t/.'Ot they U sent

Inquest! in the Country .hall be granted on Request of the Tenant.

XVII. Writ of Deceit.

L

Charters and

Statutes

confirmed.

II.

Justices of Assise, Gaol- delivery, and Justices of the Peace

hi.

Purveyance.

IV.

The Statute 28 Ed. 1. c. a, touching Purveyors, confirmed.

in every County to keep the Peace ; and [at the Time of the Assignments,Ô3 mention shall be made that such as shall be indided or taken by the said Keepers of the Peace, shall not be let to Mainprise by the Sheriffs, nor by none other Ministers, if they be not mainpernable by the Law; nor that such as shall be indided, shall not be delivered but at the common Law. And the Justices assigned to deliver the Gaols shall have Power to de.liver the same Gaols of those that shall be indided before the Keepers of the Peace; and that the said Keepers shall send their Indidments before the Justices, and they shall have Power to enquire of Sheriffs, Gaolers, and other, in whose Ward such indided Persons shall be, if they make Deliverance, or let to Mainprize any so indided, which be not mainpernable, and to punish the said Sheriffs, Gaolers, and others, if they do any Thing against this Ad.

ITEM, Whereas the People hath been greatly grieved because that Corn, Hay, [Litter,] Bestail, and other manner of Vidual and Goods of the People, hath been taken in Times past, as well by the Takers and Purveyors for the KingÕs House, as by other, for which no Pay.ment was made ; and because also the Takers and Pur.veyors (l *) for the KingÕs House, the QueenÕs House, and their Children, have taken Corn at a less Value than it was worth, and also have taken [twenty-one3] Quar.ters of Corn for twenty Quarters, because they measured every Bushel by Heap, and also the Takers and Pur.veyors of Hay and Litter for the said Houses, have in times past made Burdens of Hay and Litter at their own Wills, assessing every Burden at an Halfpenny, where it was worth more than two pence, or three pence and also assessed the Carts of Hay and latter at a less Price than they were worth : It is agreed that no Person great nor small, of what Estate or Condition soever he be, the Takers and Purveyors for the KingÕs House, the QueenÕs, and their Children only except, shall take any Corn, Litter, or Hay, nor Bestail, Viduals, nor none other Goods or Chattels from any Man, nor make Car.riage against the Will of them to whom such Goods and Carriage shall be ; and that the said Takers and Purveyors (Õ) for the said Houses, shall take them by Measure (') according as it is used throughout the Realm; and that all the Corn, Hay, Litter, Bestail and other Viduals and Things, whatsoever they be, that shall be taken for the said Houses, shall be from hence.forth praised at the very Value by the Constables and other good Men of the Towns where such taking shall be; but the Praisers shall not be constrained by Threats or Duress to set any Price other than their Oaths will; and that of all Things which shall be taken for the said Houses of the King, and Queen, (s) and of their Children, the Payments be made before the King depart out of the Vierge.

ITEM, It is enacted that the Article contained in a Statute made in the Time of King Edward, Grandfather to our Sovereign Lord the King that now is, in the xxviii Year of his Reign, touching such Takings, be kept and maintained in all Points. The Form of which Article en- sueth in these Words. Ò In the first place, Forasmuch as there is a great Grievance in this Realm, and Damage without Measure, for that the King and the Ministers of his House, as well Aliens as Denizens, do make their Prises where they pass through the Realm, and take the Goods, as well of Clerks as of Lay People, without paying therefore any thing, or else much less than the Value: It is ordained, that from henceforth none do take any Prises within the Realm, but only the King's Takers and the Purveyors for his House, and that the King's Takers and Purveyors of his House shall take nothing but only for his House; and touching such things as they shall take in the Country of Meat and Drink, and such other mean things necessary for the House, they shall pay or make agreement with them of

1 in the said Assignments

. of Corn '< twenty-Jive

4 stricken, See Star. 5 EJ. [II. c. 2. s his Consort,

bone, gem* & loube, en d**ãã Coãmã, , pees; & soit fan mencion es ditz assian. . la qi 9rom enditez ou pH. p ]eÈ *z gfriuTm''"" pas lessez au meynprise par les Viscountes ne Dar autre, stls ne soyent meynpnables p la Id ne ~ enditez ne soient deli&z fora a la coe Id Et les Justices, assignez a la deliOance des vaoÕles L*ª

gardeins de la pees; et q les diu gardons mãl4a' devant les d.tz Just.ces lour enditementz, et eienU* ditz Justices poair denquere sur viscountes, gaolers & autresen qi garde tieux enditez €ront, sils facent deli Yance ou lessent a meynprise nulles issint enditez ni ne sont mie meynpnables, & de punir le, ditz viscountes gaolers & autres sils facent riens contre cest acord' Item pÕceo q le poeple ad este moult greve de ceo, q les bledz, feyns, bestaill, & autre ma3e de vitailles, & biens des gentz de mesme le poeple, ont este pris, einz ces houres, auxibien p les pnours & p'veours del Hostiel le Roi, come p autres, dont nul paiement ad este fait; de ceo auxint q les p'veours & pnours des bledz p lostiel le Roi, la Rdgne, & de lour enfantz, ont pris les bledz a meyndre value qils ont valu, et auxint ont pris xxv. quar- ters des bledz pr xx. quarters, p'ceo qils ont mesure chescun bussel a coumble, et auxint les p'veours It pnours de feyn & de life pr mesmes les Hostiels ont fait einz ces houres lour gettez de feyn & de life a lour voluntez, asseant chescun gette a un maile, p la ou le gette ad valu deux deners ou trois, & auxint ont assis les charettes de feyn & de life a meyndre pris qeles ont valu: Si est acorde, q nul g*nt ne petit de quel estat ou condicion qil soit, forpris les pnours & p'veours pr les Hostiels du Roi, la Roigne sa compaigne, & de lour enfantz, ne preigne bledz, feyn, life, bestaill, ne vitailles, ne autres biens ne cha- teux de nully, ne cariage face, contre la volume de ceux as queux tieux biens ou cariages €ront; et q les pnours & p'veours des bledz, pr les ditz Hostiels, les priegnent par mesure rese, selonc ceo q home use pmy le roialme; et q touz les bledz, feyn, life, bestaill, & totes autres vitailles & choses quecunqes, q sont afPndre p' mesmes les Hostiels, soient desore prises a la vroie value par Conestables & autres bones gentz des villes, ou tieles prises se ferrount; sanz ceo q par manace ou duresce soient le prisours chacez a mettre autre pris q lour sement [neÔ] voet; et q des totes choses q sront prises, pr mesmes les Hostiels du Roi, la Roigne sa compaigne, & de lour enfantz, paiement soit fait avant ceo q le Roi passe hors de la verge.

Et auxint est acorde q le article contenu en un esta- tut, fait en temps le Roi Edward, Ael nfe Seign le Roi qore est, cest assavoir lan de son regne vynt & oitisme, tochant tieles prises, soit garde & meyntenu en touz pointz ; la fourme de quel article sensuyt en les paroles soutz-escriptes. En fPmier chief, p ceo q une g'nde grevance est en cest roialme, & damage sanz noumbre, de ceo q le Roi & ses Ministres de sa meigne, auxibien les alienes come les denzeines, font lour pr&s, la ou ils passent pmy le roialme, & pnent les biens es gentz, des C.lers & des lais, sans rien paier, ou bien meins q la value ; ordene est q decy enavant nul ne preigne prises parmy le Roialme forsq^ les pnours e ¡Õ ses p'veours p' lostiel le Roi; et q ceux pnours & p'veours p' son hostiel ne priegnent riens 0 mesme lostiel; et des p'ses qil ferront pmy le mangier, ou de beyvre, ou autres menues nec lostiel, qil facent la paie, ou gre a ceux des queux les

. Interlined on the Roll.


S

V

s

#Çh

'tell

ÔS

ÇÇt

*n.

¥¥it

^t

s

Ut

'*È

B.p

'**

fa

fcl*

Jilii

ia

=Ms

¥Õii*

fin

slept

fa

?*

nti

nia;

l&l:

ink

jin

kt

as

fa!?

fas

i all sir

f*J

ill

if

da

Sis

I if I fa (fa

pi!

c;i

pi

!3f

fa

,ik

fa

Iff

it

ill

S3

ifi

choses 9ront pris; et q touz tieux pnours le Roi, prve- ours ou achatours, eient decy enavant lour garant ovesques eux, du gÕnt Seal ou de petit Seal Ie Roi, contenant lour poair, & les choses dont ils ferront prises ou p'veance, le quel garaunt ils mostrent a ceux des queux ils ferrount la prise, avant ceo qils preig- nent riens; et q ceux pnours, pÕveours, ou achatours le Roi ne preignent plus q busoigne & mestier ne soit pr le Roi, & son hostiel, & de ses enfantz, et q riens ne preignent p' ceux q sont a gages, ne p' nul autre; & qils respoignent en lostiel & en la garderobe pleyne- ment de totes lour prises, sanz faire aillours lour lar- gesce, ou liv'es de chose q p' le Roi soit p's. Et si nul pnour de lostiel le Roi, p garant qil eit, face prises ou liv*es en autre ma9e q desus nest dit, p pleynte faite au Seneschal & au Tresorer del Hostiel Ie Roi, soit la 9ite enquise ; et si de ceo soit atteint, soit gre meyn- tenant fait au pleintif, & soit oste de €vice le Roi pr touz jours, & demoerge en prison a la volunte Ie Roi; et si nul face prises sanz garant, & iemporte en countre la volunte de celui a qi les biens sont, soit meyntenant arestu p la villee, ou la prise Qra faite, & mene a la p>scheine gaole; et si de ceo soit atteint, soit la fait de lui, come de laroun, si la quantite des biens le demand.

Item nre Seign' Ie Roi de sa bone gÕce ad pdone as Chivalers, & as touz autfs de son roialme, touz les fynes nadgairs faites a lui p cause destre desporte de lour aler en Gascoigne; & auxint le graunt q estoit fait p les Chivalers des Counteez, de chescune ville un home arme; & le graunt p les Citeseyns & Burgeis pr les Ci- teez & Burghs, au parlement de Wyncestf ; et voet nre Seignr le Roi q les reconisances faites p cele enchesun soient anientiz & dampnez, et q les ditz Chivalers ne les gentz des villes, Citeez, ne Burghs, ne soient desore p cause des ditz grauntz chargez, einz de tout quites; issint totefoitz q p encheson du dite pdon, ils soient les plus pastes & de meillour volunte a faire covenable eide au Roi, qant il le demandera, ou en av^a afaire.

Item est acorde, q lestatut nadgairs fait & afferme a Kardoil, cest assaver, q les Religiouses ne facent apport outre meer, soit meyntenu garde, & tenu, en touz pointz.

Item, come avant ces houres, executours nont pas eu accion des trespas faites as testatours, come des biens & chateux des ditz testatours emportez en lour vie, & issint tieux trespas ont este depunitz tanq, encea, si est acorde, q les executours en tieu cas eient accion devs les trespassours, pr damage en tieu cas recover, en maSe come ceux qi ex.ecutours ils sount, avereient, sils fuissent en vie.

Item come avant ces houres home a chival soleit aver son passage de la meer a port de Dovre, pr iis. & h5me apee pr vi d. & ore denovel ont les gardeins de passage & passagers pris plus, a gÕnde damage de poeple; Si est acorde, q en dit port & touz autrs, & auxint en touz les autrs passages de la tre, auxibien en Ewes douces, come en braz de meer, les passauntz paient desore come ancienement soleient, et de plus ne soient charges, ne les passagers ne gardeins des passages nient plus ne preignent; & soit mande a Cone- stable de Dovre qil face garder cest article en sa baillie, au peril q appent, & sil troesse nul fesaunt al encontre, qil lui face punir a chescuny suyte qi ent se vodra pleindre, & face droit; & auxint soit mande as baillifs des lieus ou tieux passages sont, q eux facent en mesme la maSe; et eient le Justices assignez as assises prendre es Counteez, poair denquere, si nuls facent al encontre, & a punir & a faire droit ent, aux.ibien a la seute le Roi, come a la seute de partie.

whom the Things shall be taken ; and that all such the KingÕs Takers, Purveyors, or Buyers, from hence.forth shall have their Warrant with them, under the King's great or petty Seal, declaring their Authority, and the Things whereof they have power to make Prise or Purveyance, the which Warrant they shall shew unto them whose Goods they take, before they take any thing ; and that those Takers, Purveyors, or Buyers for the King shall take no more than is needful or meet to be used for the King, his' Household, and that of his Children; and that they shall not take any thing for them that be at Wages, nor for any other; and that they shall make full answer in the KingÕs House and in the Wardrobe, for all things taken by them, without making their Largesses any other where, or Liveries of such Things as have been taken for the King. And if any Taker for the KingÕs House, by reason of his War.rant, make any Prise or Livery, otherwise than before is mentioned, upon Complaint made to the Steward and to the Treasurer of the KingÕs House, the Truth shall be enquired ; and if he be attainted thereof, he shall forthwith satisfy the Party, and shall be put out of the KingÕs Service for ever, and shall remain in Prison at the KingÕs Pleasure; and if any make Prise without War.rant, and carry it away against the Will of the Owner, he shall immediately be arrested by the Town where the Prise was made, and shall be committed to the next Gaol; and if he be attainted thereupon, it shall be done unto him as unto a Felon, if the Quantity of the Goods do so require.Ó

ITEM,Our Sovereign Lord the King of his good Grace hath pardoned to the Knights, and to all other of his Realm, all the Fines late made to him, because to be dispensed of their going into Gascoigne ; and also the Grant that was made by the Knights of the Counties, for every Town an armed Man ; and the Grant made by the Citizens and Burgesses for the Cities and Burghs at the Parliament of Winchester ; and our said Sovereign Lord the King will, that Recognisances made for the same Cause, shall be annulled and damned, and that the said Knights, nor the People of the Cities, Burghs, and Towns, shall not be from henceforth charged by the said Grants, but acquitted of all: so that always by rea.son of the said Pardon, they shall be the more ready and of better will to grant a [covenant Ô] Aid to the King, when he shall require them, or have to do thereof.

ITEM, It is accorded, That the Statute late made and affirmed at Carlisle, that Religious Persons should [make no Carriage Õ] beyond the Sea, shall be maintained, kept, and observed in all Points.

ITEM, Whereas in Times past Executors have not had Aftions for a Trespass done to their Testators, as of the Goods and Chattels of the same Testators carried away in their Life, and so such Trespasses have hitherto remained unpunished ; It is enacted, That the Executors in such Cases shall have an Aftion against the Tres.passers, [and recover their 3J Damages in like manner as they, whose Executors they be, should have had if they were in Life.

ITEM, Whereas before this Time a Horseman was wont to have his Passage over the Sea from the Port of Dover for ii s. and a Footman for vi d. and now late the Keepers of the Passage, and the [Passengers Õ] have taken more, to the great damage of the People: It is agreed, that at the same Port and all other (!) Passages of this Land, as well in fresh Waters as in Arms of the Sea, they that do pass, shall from henceforth pay as they were wont to pay in old Time, and of more shall they not be charged, nor the [Passengers nor Keepers of the Passage shall take no more. And be it commanded to the Constable of Dover, that he cause this Article to be kept in his Bailliwick, upon the Peril that thereto pertaineth. And if he find any offending this Aft, he shall punish him, at every ManÕs Suit that will thereof complain, and do right. Be it also commanded to the Bailiffs of the Places where such Passages shall be, that they do in like Manner. And the Justices of Assises in the Counties, shall have Power to enquire if any offend this Statute and to punish them, and do Right therein as well at the KingÕs Suit, as at the Suit of the Party.

V.

Pardon for certain Fines and Grants.

VI.

The Statute 35 Ed. I. St.i. confirmed.

VII.

Executors shall have an Action of T respass for a Wrong done to their Testator.

VIII. Fare of Passages at the Ports.

1 covenable MS. Tr. 2 ! to recover MS. Tr. 2. ! and also in all other

* send no Tax or Tallage

* Passagers

Digitized by


Ml83o,

ix.

Sheriff*, &c. shall have sufficient in the County.

p Edw. II. Stat. a.

X.

Sheriffs and

Gaolers shall

receive

Offenders

without

taking any

thing.

XI.

Justices of Assises and Nisi Prius may enquire concerning Maintainers, &Ç.

XII.

Wines shall be assayed, and sold at reasonable Prices.

XIII.

Confirmation ofthe Statute 1 E.III. C. 2. touching Pardons.

ITEM, It is accorded, That no Sheriff, Bailiff of Hun.dred, Wapentake, nor of Franchise, nor Under-Escheat- ors, shall be from henceforth, except he have Lands sufficient in the Place where they be Ministers, whereof to answer the King and his People, in case that any Man complain against them; as it was ordained at another Time at the Parliament holden at Lincoln, in the Time of the KingÕs Father that now is, that is to say, in the Ninth Year of his Reign.

ITEM, Whereas in Times past, Sheriffs and Gaolers of Gaols would not receive Thieves, Persons appealed, in- difted, or found with the maner, taken and attached by the Constables and Townships, without taking great Fines and Ransoms of them for their Receipt, whereby the said Constables and Townships have been unwil.ling to take Thieves and Felons, because of such ex.treme Charges, and the Thieves and the Felons the more encouraged to offend; It is enafted, That the Sheriffs and Gaolers shall receive and safely keep in Prison from henceforth such TIlieves and Felons, by the delivery of the Constables and Townships, without taking any thing for the Receipt; and the Justices assigned to deliver the Gaol, shall have Power to hear their Complaints that will complain upon the Sheriffs and Gaolers in such case, and moreover to punish the Sheriffs and Gaolers if they be found guilty.

ITEM, Where in Times past divers People of the Realm, as well great Men as other, have made Alliances, Confederacies, and Conspiracies, to maintain Pardes, Pleas, and Quarrels, whereby divers have been wrong.fully disinherited ; and some ransomed and destroyed ; and some, for fear to be maimed and beaten, durst not sue for their Right, nor complain, nor the Jurors of Inquests give their Verdifts, to the great hurt of the People, and [Slander'] of the Law, and common right; It is accorded, that the Justices of the one Bench and of the other, and the Justices of Assises, whensoever they come to hold their Sessions, or to take Inquests upon Nisi prius, shall enquire, hear, and determine, as well at the KingÕs Suit, as at the Suit of the Party, of such Maintainers, Bearers and Conspirators, and also of them that commit Champerty, and of all other things contained in the foresaid Article, as well as Justices in Eyre should do if they were in the same County; and that which cannot be determined before the Justices of the one Bench or the other upon the Nisi prius, [for shortness of Time,1] shall be adjourned into the [Place3] whereof they be Justices, and there be determined as Right and Reason shall require.

ITEM, Because there be more Taverners in the Realm than were wont to be, selling as well corrupt Wines as wholsome, and have sold the Gallon at such Price as they themselves would, because there was no Punishment ordained for them, as hath been for them that have sold Bread and Ale, to the great hurt of the People; It is accorded, That a Crv shall be made, that none be so hardy to sell Wines but at a reasonable Price, regarding the Price that is at the Ports from whence the Wines came, and the Expences, as in Carriage of the same from the said Ports to the Places where they be sold ; and that (*) Assay shall be made of such Wines two Times every Year, once at Easter, and another Time at Michaelmas, and more often if need be, by the Lords of the Towns and their Bailiffs, and also by the Mayor and Bailiffs of the same Towns ; and all the Wines that shall be found (s) corrupt, shall be [poured out,6] and the Vessels broken. And the Chancellor and Treasurer, Jus.tices of the one Bench and the other, and Justices of Assise shall have Power to enquire upon the Mayors, Bailiffs, and Ministers of Towns, if they do not ac.cording to this Statute ; and besides that, to punish as Reason shall require.

ITEM, Because divers Charters of Pardon have been granted of Felonies, Robberies, and Manslaughters, against the form of the Statute lately made at Northampton, containing that no Man should have such Charters out of the Parliament, whereby such misdoers have been the more bold to offend ; It is enafted, That from henceforth the same Statute shall be kept and maintained in all Points.

1 arrerage and hyndrance MS. Tr. 2.

: for their brief and short abydyng in the Countrie MS.Tr. 2.

J Places * in every Town MS. Tr. 2.

' putrefied or MS.Tr. 2. 6 shaddc and cast out MS.Tr. 2.

Item est acorde q nul Viscounte, baillif de Hundred Wapentak, ne de Fraunchise, ne soutz Eschetour, ne soiÕt desore, sil neit tre suffisaument es lieus ou ils sont ministrs, dont respoundre au Roi & au poeple, en cas * home vodra pleindre dev's eux ; come autrefoitz fut 0" dene au parlement de Nicole, en temps le piere nre Seim' le Roi qore est, cest assavoir, lan de son regne noefisme

Item par la ou avant ces houres viscountes, & gaolers de gaoles, nount pas volu receyvre ies larons appellez, enditez, ou trovez ove meyn oeure, pris & attachez, p les Conestables & villeez, sanz grevouse fyns & raunceons, aprendre de eaux, p' la receite, par quei les ditz Conestables & villeez ont este plus eschuz a pndre les larouns & felouns, p' tides outra- geouses charges, & les larouns & felouns plus esbaudiz a meffaire; Si est acorde, q les viscountes & gaolers receyvent & salvement gardent en p'sone desore, tieux larouns & felouns, p la livere des ditz Conestables & villeez, sanz riens p>ndre pr la receite; & q les Justices, assignez a deliver les gaoles, eient poair doier les pleintes, de ceux qi se vodront pleindre, s' les vis.countes & gaolers, en tieu cas, & outre a punir les viscountes & gaolers, sils soient trovez copables.

Item pr ceo q avant ces houres, plusours gentz du roialme, auxibien g*ntz, come autres, ount fait alliaunces, confederacies, & conspiracies, a meyntenir parties, pleez, & quereles, parount plusours gentz ount este atort desheritez; & ascuns reintz & destruz; & ascuns, p' doute destre mahemez, & batuz, noserent pas seuyr lour droit, ne pleindre, ne les jurours des enquestes lor verditz dire, a g*nt damage du poeple & arerissement de la lei, & de coe droit; Si est acorde, q les Justices del un Baunk & del autre, & les Justices as assises prendre assignez, a totes les foitz qil vendront a faire lour ses.sions, ou a pndre enquestes, s' Nisi prius, enqueregent, oient, & Eminent, auxibien a la seute le Roi, come a la

seute de ptie, sur tieux meyntenours, empnours, & con- spiratours, & auxint de Champartours, & des totes autres choses contenuz en dit article, auxiavant come Jus.tices de eyre ferroient, sils fuissent en mesme le Countee; & ceo q ne poet est? tmine devant les Justices del un Baunk, ou de lautre, s' le Nisi prius, pr brefte de lour demoer en pais, seit ajoumee en les places dont ils sont Justices, & illoeqes Pminee, selonc droit & reson.

Item p' ceo qil ysont plusours tavners en roialme

estre ne soleient, vendantz vyns, auxibien p'rez come :yns, & ont vendu le gealon a tiel pris come ils mes- les ont volu, p' ceo q chastiement nad pas este ordene ur eux, come s' ceux q ount venduz payn & cVoise, gÕnt damage du poeple; Si est acorde, q crie se face, nul soit si hardy de vendre vyns forq, a resonable ler, eaunt regard au pÔs qest en les portz, dont les yns vignent, & auxint as despenses, come en cariage a tire, des ditz portz tanq, as lieus ou ils sont venduz;

: q en chescune ville assai se face des vyns, deux }itz p an, un foitz a la Pasch & autre foitz a la Seint Iichel, & plus sovent si mestier soit, p les Seign" des illes, & lour Baillifs, & auxint p les Mairs & Baillifs es mesmes les villes ; & touz les vyns q sront trovez urrez ou corrumpuz, soient enfouncez & ostez de tut, ; les toneiles debrusez. Et eient les Chaunceller, Tre- arer, Justices del un Baunk, & del autre, & Justices as- gnez as assises pPndre, poair denquere, sur Mairs, Bail- fs & ministres de villes, sils ne facent ceo qest acorde, c outre, a faire punissement selonc ceo q reson demand- Ensement p'ceo q plusours chartres ont este rauntes de pardons des felonies, roberies, & h¡IIU ides, contre la fourme de lestatut nadgairs fait a Jorhampton, contenant q nul home naveit tieles char res, hors du plement, pount les meffesours ont este ilus esbaudiz de meffaire ; Si est acorde q mesme es atut soit desore garde & meyntenu en touz pom


S

Sn..

V

**

s

a*.

*È*

Bia

Vs

k*

c:-

.!tl

l!fc

**

Èn

Çs,

**.

È?È

etffl:

asoi

*K

*fÈ

atm

ate

i,ai.

Çh

ms

tan

wit

SB:

sia

S3

pi

mil ISIS it is orti VC

a,iJi

am

<0

nsM

ni<

iSj1'

si*

pse)

jjjji

c*

,1

|j|S

ÔjiÈ

ns*Õ

s*1

16^

Ensement est acorde q parlement soit tenu chescun an, unefoitz, ou plus si mestier soit. Item p'ceo q Ies viscountes ount avant ces houres lessez les Hun- dredz & Wapentaks, en lour baillies a si haute ferine, q les baillifs ne poient cele ferme lever, forq^ p ex.torsion, & duresce, a faire au poeple; Si est acorde q les viscountes lessent desore les Hundreds & Wa.pentaks a launciene ferme, & ne mye outre; & q les Justices assignez eient poair denquere sr les viscountes, & de punir ceux qils troveront fesauntz le contraire.

R viC Ebop sattm. Quedam p nos & consiliu nrm, ad requisicoem Coitatis regni nn, . in pliamento nro apud Westm die Lune px post festu see Katrine px {pfitum convocato, concordats & ordinata, tibi mittim9 in forma patente ; Mandantes qd in singulis locis in baffia tua, tam infra libtates q*m ext*, ubi expedire videris, ea publice pclamari & firmiP teneri fac. Et hoc nullatenus omittas. T. R. apud Langele fcio die Fefer anno r. sui quinto. p ipm Regem.

Eodem modo mand est singulis vicecomitibj p Angf.

Memorand qd istud statutu missum fuit in Hibn in forma patenti, cum quodam bri inferi9 seqii.

ITEM, It is accorded,That a Parliament shall be holden every Year once, [fend1J more often if need be.

ITEM, Because Sheriffs have before this Time let Hundreds and Wapentakes in their Bailiwicks to so high Ferm, that the Bailiffs cannot levy the said Ferm, with.out doing Extortion and Duress to the People; It is ordained, That the Sheriffs shall from henceforth let their Hundreds and Wapentakes for the old Ferm, and not above; and that the Justices assigned shall have Power to enquire of the said Sheriffs, and punish them that shall be found offending against this Statute.

1 or

The King to the Sheriff of York, Greeting. Certain things, by Us and our Council, at the request of the Commonalty of our Realm, in our Parliament summoned at Westminster on Monday next after the Feast of Saint Katharine last past, agreed and ordained, We do send unto you in form of Letters Patent; Commanding that the same, in the several places in your Bailiwick, as well within Liberties as without, where you shall see meet, you do cause to be publicly proclaimed and firmly to be kept: And this in no wise omit. Witness the King at Langley, the third day of February in the fifth year of his reign. By the King himself.

In the same manner it was commanded to the several Sheriffs throughout England.

Be it Remembered that this Statute was sent into Ireland in form of Letters Patent, with a certain Writ hereunder following 1

* See Memorandum at the End of Stat. 5 Edw. III.

XIV. Annual Parliaments.

XV.

Sheriffs shall let their Hundreds for the old Ferm.

Anno 5¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D.1331.

statutu eDttum apu& JKUestm,

anno regnt ft. ÛDtbarM tÕett post Conquestum qutnto. Pt0. qutnto.

STATUTE made at WESTMINSTER;

In the Fifth Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD the Third after the Conquest.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. 26.

AU parlement somons a Westm, lendemein de Seint Michel, lan du Regne le Roi Edward, tierz aps le Conquest, quint, si ad nfe Seign' le Roi p assent des p>latz, Countes, Barons, & autfs grantz du roialme illoeqs assemblez, a lonr de Dieu & de seinte eglise, 8c a la requestc de son poeple, g*nte 8c establi les choses suthescrites, les queles il voet q tenuz soient, gardez, 8c meyntenuz, a touz jours. En primes si est acorde 8c establi, q la grande Chartre, 8c la Chartre de la Foreste soient tenuz, gardez, et fermement meintenuz.

Item come en lestatut fait a Westm, au piement so.mons illoeqs aps la feste de seinte Katine, lan du regne le Roi qore est quart, entre autres choses illoeqs acordez 8c establiz, soit contenuz, sur les grevances q les p've- ours pr les Hostelx le Roi, la Roigne sa compaigne, 8c de lour enfantz, fesoient au poeple en out'iouse inesure des bledz, 8c auxint en voluntrive taille de fein, life, 8c autfs choses p'veus p les ditz prveours: Establi soit q les pnours 8c pÕveours des bledz pr les ditz Hostelx les p*ignent p mesure rees, selonc ce q home euse pmy le Roialme, 8c q touz les bledz, fein, lire, bestaill, & totes autres vitailles 8c choses quecunqs q sont apn- dre pr meismes les Hostelx, soient p'sez a ia vVoie value, p Conestables et autfs bones gentz des villes ou tieles prises se ferront, santz ce q p manace ou duresce soient les prisours chacez a metrre autre pris q lor

\T tlie Parliament holden at Westminster the mor.row after Saint Michael, in the fifth year of the reign of King Edward, the Third after the Conquest, our Lord the King, by the Assent of the Prelates, Earls,

Barons, and other great men of the Realm there as.sembled, to the honour of God and of Holy Church, and at the request of his People, hath granted and established these things underwritten, which he will to be kept and maintained for ever.

FIRST, It is accorded and established, That the I.

Great Charter and the Charter of the Forest shall be The Charters, kept and firmly maintained.

ITEM, Where in the Statute made at Westminster, ij. at the Parliament there summoned after the Feast of Purveyance. Saint Katharine, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of the King that now is, amongst other Things there ena&ed, it is contained, upon the Grievances which the Purveyors for the KingÕs House, the Queens ('), and of their Children, did to the People in outrageous Measures of Com, and voluntary taking of Hay, Litter, and other Things provided by the said Purveyors, (') that the Recital Takers and Purveyors of Com for the said Houses should of Stat. take them by Measure stricken, according as hath been 4 EL HI. used through the Realm ; and that all the Corn, Hay, c'3Õ*'

Litter, Bestail and all other Viduals and Things to be taken for the same Houses, should be praised at the true Value by the Constables and other good People of the Towns where such Prises be; and that the Praisors be not enforced by Threats and Duress to assess any

1 his Wyf MS. Tr. 2. 1 established be it MS.Tr. 2.

266

5¡ Edwardi, III. c.2Ñ5.

i8Ed.I.c. i

Tallies of Purveyance.

Form of Commissions.

Inquests taken in the MarshalÕs

Court.

See Steit.

28 EJ.I.c.3.

Error in the MarshalÕs

Court.

III.

The Statute iS Ed. I. st. 1. confirmed.

IV.

Sheriffs, &c. shall have sufficient in the County.

V.

2 E.III. c.15.

The Penalty for selling Ware at a Fair after it is ended.

AD.1331.

other Price than their Oath will; and in the same Statute is one Article rehearsed, which was made in the . Time (') of King Edward, Grandfather to the King that now is, where certain Pains be limited against those that late made Purveyance for the said Houses j which Pains not regarded, the said Purveyors have not let to make outrageous and unlawful Prises against the Tenor of the said Statutes: To the Honour and Profit of our said Lord the King, and for the Peace and Quietness of his People, and to refrain and punish the Enormities of those that have committed such Outrages, to the KingÕs, the QueenÕs (Ô) and their Childrens great Slander; It is accorded and enacted, That the Taking and Purveyance for the said Houses shall be by Price made by the Con.stables and four discreet Men of the Towns where shall be such Prises and Purveyances, thereto sworn, and with.out Menace, as in the said Statutes is contained: And that also betwixt the Purveyors and them whose Goods shall be taken, in the Presence of the Constables and Prisors, Tallies shall be made and sealed with the Pur.veyors Seals of the Things so taken, by which Tallies Satisfaction shall be made to them from whom such Goods be taken. And if any Taker or Purveyor for the said Houses do take in any other Manner, he shall be incontinently arrested by the Town where such Taking was made, and brought to the next Gaol; and if he be thereof attainted, it shall be done of him as of a Thief, if the Quantity of the Goods the same require ; and from thenceforth it shall be contained in the Com.missions of such Takers and Purveyors, be they under the small Seal or the great, the Form and the Pain con.tained in this Statute. And that in every Case where Inquests be to be taken before the Steward and the Mar.shal of the KingÕs House, that Inquests be taken by Men of the Country thereabout, and not by Men of the KingÕs House, except it be of Contrails, Covenants, or Trespasses made by Men of the KingÕs House, of the one Part and of the other, and that in the same House, according to another Statute thereof made in the Time of the said [Edward3] the Grandfather: And in case where any will complain of Error made before the said Steward and Marshal, the Plaintiff shall have a Writ to remove the Record and the Process before the King in his Place, and there the Error shall be redressed ; and likewise shall it be done in every other Case where any Man will complain him of Error done before the same Steward and Marshal of the KingÕs House.

Item, It is agreed, That the Statute made at Carlisle in the Time of [King Edward, the KingÕs Grandfather that now is,Õ] wherein is contained, that Religious Men shall [make no Carriages] out of the Realm, shall be holden, kept, and maintained in all Points.

ITEM, It is accorded and enafted. That no Sheriff, Under Escheator, Bailiff of Franchises, Wapentakes, Hundreds, nor Tithings, shall from henceforth be, ex.cept he have Lands sufficient in the same County, whereof to answer the King and his People, if any will com.plain.

ITEM, Where it is contained in the Statute made at Northampton, in the Second Year of the Reign of the King that now is, that the Lords which have Fairs by Charters or otherwise, shall hold them during the Time that they ought to do, and no longer, upon Pain to seize such Fairs into the KingÕs Hands ; and that every Lord at the beginning of his Fair do cry and proclaim therein how long the Fair shall endure ; and in the same Statute is no certain Punishment ordained against the Merchants if they sell after the Time : It is accorded, That the said Merchants after the said Time shall close their [Booths6] and Stalls without putting any Manner of Ware or Mer- chanzdie to sell there; and if it be found, that any Merchant from henceforth sell any Ware or Merchandize at the said Fairs after the said Time, such Merchant shall forfeit to our Lord the King the double Value of that which [is sold;Õ] and (') every Man that will sue for our Lord the King, shall be received, and [also have9] the Fourth Part of that which shall be lost at his Suit.

' of good memory MS. Tr. 2. * his Wyf MS. Tr. 2.

5 King 4 the same King, ayel to the King MS. Tr. 2.

Õ lend no Tax or Tallage 6 fieldis shoppes MS.Tr. 2.

i he shall have so sold; MS. Tr. 2.

* for I tii fur pate

* he who so sueth, shall have MS. Tr. 2.

Sment ne voet; et en meisme cel estatut soit reherc un article q fut fait en temps du bone memoi* ,e Rot, ael le Rot qore est, ou deines peines sonr con- tenues contre ceux qi nonduement fesoient pÕveanc pÕtielx Hostelx; pÕ les queles peines les p veours Z ditz Hostelx ne ont pas lessez a faire oufiouse & non dues prises, contre la tenour des ditz estatutz . A1 honr & pfit de nre SeignÕ le Roi, & pur pees & .

de son poeple, & pÕ refrener & punir la malveiste de ceux qi tielx oufges ont faitz, en esclaundre du R0i la Roigne sa compaigne, & de lour enfantz, acorde est & establi q les prises & pÕveances se facent pur \a ditz Hostelx, par pris fait p Conestable & quatre pdes- homes des villes, ou tieles prises & pÕveances se femmt, jurrez, & santz manace, sicome en les ditz estatutz est contenuz : et q entre les pÕveours, 8c ceux desqueux les biens -front prises, en la p>sence des Conestables & prisours, soient tailles faites, ensealez de sealx des pnours des choses issint prisez, p les queles tailles gree soit fait a ceux des queux les choses €ront issint prLs. Et si nul pnour ou pÕveour pur les ditz Hostelx les face p autre marie, soit meintenant arestuz p la villee ou la prise €ra faite, & mesne a la p>cheine gaole; & si de ce soit atteint, soit la fait de lui come de laroun, si la qÕntite des biens le demande; et desore soit con- tenu en les Comissions des tielx pnours & pÕveoure soient eles soutz le petit Seal ou soutz le gÕnt Seal, la fourme & la peine contenuz en cest estatut. Et qen chescun cas, ou enquestes sont apffidre, devant Se- neschalx & areschalx del Hostel le Roi, q les en- questes soient prises p gentz du pais en viroun, k ne mie p gentz de lostel, sil ne soit des contÕ&z, covenantz, ou trspas, faitz p gentz de meisme lostel dune pt & dautre, & ce en meisme lostel, selonc un autre estatut ent autrefoitz fait en temps meisme le Roi lael: et q en cas ou home se voudra pleindre de errour fait devant les ditz Seneschalx & Mares- chalx, eit le pleintif bref de faire. venir le record & pees devant le Roi en sa place, 8c illoeqs soit le errour redresce; et auxint soit fait en chescun autre cas, ou home se voudra pleindre de errour fait devant meismes les Seneschalx 8c Mareschalx de lostel le Roi.

Ensement est acorde 8c establi q un estatut fait a Kardoil, en temps meisme le Roi lael, en quel est con- tenuz q gentz de Religion ne facent apport hors du roi- alme, soit tenuz, gardez, 8c meintenuz en touz pointz.

Auxint est acorde 8c establi q nul Viscounte, Southeschetour, Baillif de fraunchise, Wapentak, Hundred, ne Trithing, soit desore, sil neit tre suf- fisaument, en meisme le Counte, dount respondre au Roi, 8c au poeple, si home se voudra pleindre.

Item come contenuz soit en lestatut fait a Norhamp- ton, lan du regne le Koi qore est secund, q les Seign s qi feires ont, par chartres ou en autre maSe, les tiegnent p' le temps qils devont, 8c ne mie outre, sur la peine append re les feires en la meine le Roi; 8c q chescun SeignÕ au comencement de sa feire, face crier 8c pub-

lier en ycele, come longement sa feire ten£^ > 60

meisme lestatut nest mie ordeine dtein pumssement contre les marchantz sil vendent ap>s le temps; si est acorde 8c establi q les ditz marchantz ap>s le dit temps facent clore lour seudes 8c estaux, santz meÇre nu e marie de flee ou marchandise a vente .lloeqs; et a trove soit desore, q nul marchant ven e es flee ou marchandise ap>s le dit temps, pde e chant 9s nre SeignÕ le Roi, le double de Ñ

a9a vendu ; et a ce atteindre soit chescun

qi voudra sure pÕ U pdÇ-

suera la quarte ptie de ce q sra a


s

S

s

*8^

Ò'll,

ait,

'tt,

*4.

*K

.'fail

*P*;

itki

KB,

*7*

m

Mi

idi

iai

*ai

ilk,

,4b

in

ÈÇ.

be:

iiB

slit

at

.È

an

H*

fe

fe

mi

fca

>x

9

.if

Item pÕ ce q les jurours ont dote le meins destve pjours, p' les longes delates qe ont este en atteintes devant les Justices de lun Baunk & de lautre, & devant autrs Justices; si est acorde & establi q essoigne du €vice le Roi, ne pteccion, ne soient desore enavant allowez en tieles jurez, nient plus qen assise de novele disseisine; et q cink jours p an soient donez, devant les Justices du coe Baunk,en les dites Jurez au meins; et q le Nisi prius soit auxibien done en tielx brefs come en auts.

Et come il soit contenuz en un estatut nadgairs fait a Westfii, lan du regne nre SeignÕ le Roi qi ore est pÔni a p's son coronement, q atteintes soient grauntez en brefs de Upas; si est acorde & establi q brefs datteintes desore soient grantez, auxibien en pledz de trspas mieutz santz brefs, com p brefs devant Justices qi sont de record, si les damages ajuggez passent quarant soldz; et cest estatut eit lieu auxibien des enquestes prises en temps passe, come ap>ndre en temps avenir.

Item p' ce q les gentz enditez des felonies, robies, & larcins einz ces heures ont fait venir lour endite- mentz devant le Roi, & illoeqs se sont renduz, & p les Mareschalx du Baunk le Roi ont este meintenant lessez en bail, et puis ont fait plusours malx & agaitz de tuer ou malfaire lour enditours, et auxint les ap- pellez des felonies, a p's lexigende issue sur eux, se sont renduz devant le Roi, & ont este p les ditz Ma.reschalx lessez en bail; Si est acorde & establi, q les ditz enditez & appelletz soient seurement & sauvement gardez en prisone, come y appent, selonc la charge q les ditz Mareschalx avont des Justices. Et si nul Mareschal face autrement, a la pleinte de chescun qi pleindre se voudra, la Justice lui ferra droit, durant le rme; Et qen la fin des tWs, sur lour lever, elisent les ditz Mareschalx devant meismes les Justices avant lour departir des places, en quele ville ils voudront garder tielx prisons a lour pil; & en meisme la ville allowent mesons pur la garde des prisons a lour custages demeigne, & illoeqs les gardent en pÕsone, & ne les soeffrent nulle pt aler waskerantz, ne p bail ne santz bail: et si nul tiel prison soit trove, p bail ou santz bail, waskerant hors de p'sone, & ce soit trove a la seute le Roi, ou a la seute de ptie, eient les Mareschalx, qi de ce Õs>ront trovez coupables, la pÕsone dun demy an, & outre soient reintz a la volente le Roi; et facent les Justices de ce enquere q*nt ils vVont temps; et q"nt au Mareschal, soit fait de la Pge, ceo q resone voudra. Et en cas q les Mareschalx soeffrent p lour assent tielx p'sons eschaper, soient a la lei come avant heures ont estez ; et nentend pas le Roi p cest estatut de pdre leschap ou il le dev^a avoir.

Item est acorde & establi q nul home soit desore attache p nul accusement, ne forjugge de vie ne de membre, ne ses ?res, teiiz, biens ne chateux seisiz en la mein le Roi, contre la fourme de la gÕnte Chartre & la lei de la tre. Auxint est acorde & establi, q si nul Jurour en assises, jurez, ou enquestes, (Pigne dune pt & dautre, & de ce soit duement atteint, q mes ne soit mis en assises, jurez, nen enquestes, & nient meins soit comande a la prisone, & outre reint a la volente le Roi; & a ce atteindre, eient les Justices devant queux tieles assises, jurez, & enquestes pas- seront, poair denquere & r miner selonc cest estatut.

Item come avant ces heures ascuns appellez ou enditez de div*ses felonies en un Counte, ou utlagez en meisme le Counte, ont este demorantz ou recet- tez en autrs Countez, pont les felons enditez & utlagez ont este covtz en lour malveistez, de ce qils ne poeint estre attachez en autre Counte; si est

ITEM,Because [the Jurors'] have the less doubted to VI. be perjured by reason of the long Delays that have been Proce** in in Attaints, before the Justices of the one Bench and of Attaint, the other, and before other Justices ; It is enafted, That no Essoin of the KingÕs Service nor Proteftion shall be from henceforth allowed in such Juries, no more than in Assises of Novel disseisin; and that Five Days by the Y ear be given before the Justices of the Common Bench in the said Juries at the least; and that a Nisi prius be as well given in such Writs as in other.

ITEM, Whereas it is contained in a Statute late made at Westminster, in the first Year of the Reign of our

Lord the King that now is, after his Coronation, that ^ ___^

Attaints should be granted in Writs of Trespass ; It is pa)l Forty accorded and established, That Writs of Attaint shall Shilling*, be from henceforth granted as well in Pleas of Trespass See Statute moved without Writ, as by Writ, before Justices of JÔe $ Record, if the Damages judged do pass xl. s.; and this Statute shall hold Place as well of Inquests taken in Times past, as to be taken in Time to come.

Item, Because that Persons indifted of Felonies, Rob- VIII. beries, and Theft, in Times past have removed the same t1Õ*. oj. Indiftment before the King, and there yielded themselves, prisoner* by and by the Marshals of the KingÕs Bench have been in- the Marshal* continently let to Bail, and after have done many evil of thf KingÕ* Deeds, and lien in wait to slay and evil intreat their Benc ' Enditors; and also Persons appealed of Felony, after the Exigent awarded, have yielded themselves before the King, and have been let to Bail by the said Marshals:

It is accorded and established, That such Enditees and Appellees shall be safely and surely kept in Prison, as belongeth to them according to the Charge which the said Marshals shall have of the Justices. And if any Marshal do otherwise, at the Complaint of every Man that will complain, the Justices shall do him right during the Terms; and in the End of the Terms, upon their rising, the said Marshals shall choose before the said Justices, before they depart the Places, in what Town they will keep such Prisoners, at their Peril; and in the same Town they shall [allow to them1]

Houses to keep such Prisoners at their own Costs and

Charges ; and there they shall keep them in Prison, and

shall not suffer them to go wandering abroad, neither

by Bail nor without Bail: and if any such Prisoner The Penalty

be found wandering out of Prison, by Bail or without pt letUnS

Bail, and that be found at the KingÕs Suit, or at the atlarge? 8¡

Suit of the Party, the Marshals which shall be found

thereof guilty, shall have half a YearÕs Imprisonment,

and be ransomed at the KingÕs Will; and the Justices

shall thereof make Enquiry when they see Time ; and

as to the Marshals, [it shall be done within the Verge,3]

that which reason will. And in case that the Marshals or etcape.

suffer by their Assent such Prisoners to escape, they

shall be at the Law, as before this Time they have been.

And the King intendeth not by this Statute to lose the the Escape, where he ought to have the same.

ITEM, It is enafted, That no Man from henceforth IX. shall be attached by any Accusation, nor forejudged of unlawful Life or Limb, nor his Lands, Tenements, Goods, nor g^c " Õ Chattels seised into the KingÕs Hands, against the Form of the Great Charter, and the Law of the Land.

VII.

Attaint in Trespa**, if thp Damaire

ITEM, It is accorded, That if any Juror in Assises, x- Juries, or Enquests, take of the one Party [or4] of the Pumihment other, and be thereof duly attainted, that hereafter he jllr* 'orn,pt shall not be put in any Assises, Juries, or Enquests, and nevertheless he shall be commanded to Prison, and further ransomed at the KingÕs Will; and (!) the Justices before whom such Assises, Juries, and Enquests, shall pass, shall have Power to enquire and determine ac.cording to this Statute.

ITEM, Where in Times past some Persons appealed XI. or indifted of divers Felonies in one County, or out- Process lawed in the same County, have been dwelling or re- abated*&Ó! ceived in another County, whereby such felonious inoneCoÕunty, Persons indifted and outlawed have been encouraged in Ènd dwelling their Mischief, because they may not be attached in *" Jnot'3cr- another County; It is enafted, That the Justices

1 Jurors 1 hire

3 within the Vierge, shall be done

4 and S for this purpose

XII.

Of Pardon on Outlawries.

Satisfa&ion of PlaintiffÕs .Damages.

On Outlawry before

Appearance, Party out.lawed shall yield himself.

Plaintiff shall he warned to appear and proceed.

XIII.

Averment of Plaintiffs (or for the King) shall be received against Imprison.ment, alleged to defeat Outlawry.

XIV. 13 Edw. I.

Arrest of Night- walkers and others suspe&ed.

Inquests of Sheriffs thereon returnable to Justices of Gaol delivery.

assigned to hear and determine such Felonies, shall direct their Writs to all the Counties of England, where need shall be, to take such Persons indidted.

ITEM, It is established and ordained, That in case where the Plaintiff shall recover Damages, and he against whom the Damages be recovered be outlawed at the KingÕs Suit, that no Charter of Pardon shall be granted of [his'] Outlawry, except the Chancellor be certified that the Plaintiff is satisfied of his Damages. And in case that a man be outlawed by Process before his Appearance, no such Charter shall be granted, except the Chancellor be certified that such Person outlawed hath yielded him.self to prison before the Justices of the Place, from whence the Writ of Exigent issued; that is to say, if from the KingÕs [Bench,1] then he shall yield him in the same Place; and if from the Common [Bench,1] then he shall yield himself there ; and if from the Justices of Oyer (3) Terminer, whiles the same Justices do sit, he shall yield him before them ; and if they be risen, then he shall yield him in the KingÕs Bench before the Jus.tices, and the Record with the Process shall be removed before them by Writ: And the said Justices before whom they shall so yield them, shall cause the Party Plaintiff to be warned to appear before them at a certain Day ; at which Day, if the Warning be duly witnessed, and the Plaintiff appear upon his Warning, then they shall plead upon the first original Writ, as though no Outlawry had been pronounced; and if the Plaintiff come not, he that is outlawed shall be delivered by virtue of his Charter ; and it is to be understood, that all such Charters be of the Grace of the King, as before they have been.

ITEM, Because divers People being duly outlawed, have avoided the Outlawries pronounced against them, them, by reason of Imprisonments untruly testified by Sheriffs and others which have no Record ; It is enabled, That if any from henceforth will defeat any Outlawry pronounced upon him by such Testimony, that he shall yield himself to the Prison, and then the Justices of the KingÕs Bench shall cause the Party at whose Suit the Outlawry was pronounced, to be warned to be before them at a certain Day; at which Day, if the Party will verify that the Testimony is untrue, his Averment shall be received. And in like Manner the KingÕs Serjeant, or his Attorney, or other that will sue for the King, shall be received to have the same Averment against such Testimony, in case where such Outlawry is pro.nounced at the KingÕs Suit.

ITEM, Whereas in the Statute made at Winchester in the Time of King Edward, Grandfather to the King that now is, it is contained, That if any Stranger pass by the Country in the Night, of whom any have sus.picion, he shall presently be arrested and delivered to the Sheriff, and remain in Ward till he be duly de.livered: And because there have been divers Man.

slaughters, Felonies, and Robberies done in Times past, by People that be called Roberdesmen, Wastors, and Draw-latches; It is accorded, That if any [may *] have any evil Suspicion of such, be it by Day or by Night, they shall be incontinently arrested by the Constables of the Towns; and if they be arrested within Franchises, they shall be delivered to the Bailiffs of the Franchise, and if in Guildable, they shall be delivered to the She.riffs, and kept in Prison till the coming down of the Justices assigned to deliver the Gaol; and in the mean Time the Sheriffs or Bailiffs of the Franchises shall enquire of such Arrests, and at the coming of the Jus.tices return their Enquests (5) before them, with that which they have found, and the Cause of the Takings, with the Bodies, and the Justices shall proceed to the Deliverance of such Persons arrested according to the Law: And in case that the Sheriffs or Bailiffs of the Franchises have not enquired of such Arrests, they shall be amerced, and nevertheless the Justices shall make Enquiry, and further proceed to the Deliverance, as before is said.

' this 1 Place MS.Tr. 2. 3 and

. man 3 of this MS. Tr. a.

The King to the Sheriff of York, Greeting. Certain Statutes, by Us and the great Men and Peers of our Realm, in our last Parliament fummoned at Westminster, for the com.mon Weal of the People of our Realm, set forth, We do send unto you, under our Seal, in form of Letters Patent,

acorde & establi q les Justices, assignez doier & p ; ner tieles felonies, facent lour brefs p touz U r

De.gl.9rc, ou me.9 9n, , fjte ,i*

Auxint est acorde & establi, qen cas ou le pleintif K. covre damages, & a la seute le Roi celui dePs qi damages sont recoviz seit ullage, q nulle chartre de pdoun soil grante de cele utlaglie, si le Chaunceller ne soit appris q gree soit fait a meisme le pleintif des damages. Et en cas ou home soit ullage p pees devant ce qil apierge, q nulle tiele chartre soit g^te, si le Chaunceller ne soit appris q riel utlage se eit renduz a la prisone, devant Justices en place dont le bref dexigend issist; cest assaP, si de la place le Roi q adonqs il se rende en meisme la place; et si du coe Baunk, adonqs se rend illoeqs; et si des Justices assignez doier & tminer, seantz meismes les Justices se rend devant eux, et sils soient levez, adonqs se rend en la place le Roi devant les Justices, & devant eux soit fait venir le record & pees p bref: & les Justices susditz, devant queux ils €ront issint renduz, facent garnir la ptie pleintif destre a c*tein jour devant eux; a quel jour, si le gamissement soit duement tesmoigne, adonqs pledent sur le p'mer bref original, auxicome nulle utlagfie neust este pnuncie, si le pleintif viegne au gamissement; et sil ne viegne mie, soit lutlage delivÕs p vtue de sa chartre; et est a entendre q totes tieles chartres sont de la gÒce le Roi, come avant ont este.

Item pr ce q moltz de gentz duement utlagez ont deffait les utlagfies pnunciez sur eux, p cause denp'sone- ment, tesmoigne nient vWblement p viscountes & autres qi nont pas record; Si est acorde & establi q si nul desore enavant voille deffaire lutlagiie pnuncie sur lui p tiele tesmoignance, qil se rend a la p'sone, & adonqs les Justices du Baunk le Roi facent gamir la ptie, a qi seute lutlagjie estoit pnuncie, destre devant eux a lutein jour, a queu jour, si la ptie voille avVer, q la tesmoignance ne soit pas vtable, soit resceu a lavVement. En mesme la maSe soit le 'sjant le Roi, ou son attourne, ou autre qi voudra sure p' le Roi, resceu a lavVement contre tiele tesmoignance, en cas ou lutlaglie soit pnuncie a la seute le Roi.

em come en lestatut fait a Wyncestf, en temps ;me le Roi lael, soit contenuz, q si nul estraunge e p pais de nuyt, de qi home eit suspecion, soit ntenant arestu & livÕe au visconte, & demoerge en 1 tant qil soit duement delivs; et divses robies, ucides, & felonies, ont este faitz einz ces heures entz qi sont appellez Roberdesmen, Wastours & ghlacche; Si est acorde et establi, q si homme suspecion de mal de nuls tielx, soit il de jour, il de nuyt, q meintenant soient arestuz p les lestables des villes ; et sils soient arestuz en fraun- es, soient livVz as baillifs des fhunchises, et si gildable, soient l#ez as viscountes, & gardez en ne tant q a la venue des Justices assign^ a Per les gaoles; & endemettiers facent les viscountš, baillifs des franchises, enquere da. M

1 la venue des Justices retoument devant e £

lour en,uer.es, & Ç l9¡M <.

ies des prises, od les corps, ices a la deli&nce de debt aresm* ^ et en cas, q les viscountes ou bai ^ ^

es navVmt pas enquis de * Õuere, &

iez, & nient meins facent les Jusnc e aillent a la deli&nce come susestdit.

f vie Ebo? sattm. Quedam P West*

s & p?es regni nn, m P š Uu regni nh no convocato, p coi unhtate P P pateOO,

. cVrilln nro dbi nuttun

Go

s

**È

V

H

H

BiÇii

SÇ.

kfas

Ç^b

fc*.

4fa

Ç*fa

š!*

*u

:Çlpi

afa

iBi-

tlaj

$1* lib fa j ail Mi

tins

b.

*A

f, as

ilsc

law

mi

SB

lÇC;

ill

.Ç'

c:

ISB

(È¥'

*S

[tf

IS'

it

|3

f

it

t

i'

t

Mandantes qd statuta ilia, in singulis locis in battia tua, tam infra lifctates q*m extra, ubi expedire videris, legi, & ea in ofiiiby & singulis suis articulis publice pclamari & teneri fad. T. R. apud Westm xvj. die O&obr.

Eodem modo mandatu est singulis vicecomitibj p Angi. T. ut sup*.

Memorand qd istud statutum, simul cu statutis p>cedendb3 tempore R. Edwardi 9cii post conquestum fdis, missu fuit in Hiferi in forma pat, cu ftri seqii.

R ditco & fideli suo Antonio de Lucy Justic suo Hifen sattm. Quedam statuta p nos, Prelatos, Comites, Barones, & alios magnates de regno nro edita, in diesis pliamentis nris postq'm gufenacula regni nri suscepimus, vofe mittim9 in forma patenti; Mandantes qd statuta p>dca, & omes articulos in eis contentos, in p*dca tYa nra Hibii, tam infra libtates qÒm ext*, publice pclamari, & q*ntum ad vos & pplm nrm pciu illaj attinet, firmi? teneri & observari fad. T. R. apud Norhamp- ton, xi. die April anno pda JL sexto.

Commanding that the said Statutes, in all Places within your Bailiwick, as well within Liberties as without, where you shall see meet, you do caufe to be read, and the same in all and singular their Articles to be publickly proclaimed and kept. Witness the King at Westminster, the l6th Day of O£tober.

In the same manner it was commanded to the several She.riffs throughout England. Witness as above.

Be it Remembered, that this Statute, together with the fore.going Statutes made in the Time of King Edward the Third after the Conquest, was sent into Ireland in form of Letters Patent with the Writ following.

The King to his trusty and well beloved Anthony de Lucy, his Justice of Ireland, Greeting. Certain Statutes by Us, and the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men of our Realm, set forth, in divers our Parliaments, since that we took upon Us the Government of our Realm, We do send unto you, in form of Letters Patent; Commanding that the Statutes afore.said, and all the Articles therein contained, in our aforesaid Land of Ireland, as well within Liberties as without, you do caufe to be publickly proclaimed ; and so much as to you and our People of those Parts belongeth, to be firmly kept and observed. Witness the King at Northampton, the nth Day of April, in the Sixth Year of the King aforesaid.

Anno 9¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D.1335.

ftotulÕ De £>tatuto eDtto apuD CDo?Õ; anno r.r.C.tÕctt post Conquestu nono.

Roll of The Statute made at York;

In the Ninth Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD, the Third after the Conquest.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 25.

COME avant ces heures en plusurs plementz, & ore darrainement en parlement somons a Evwyk a lendemayn de Lascension, lan du regne nre Seignr le Roi Edward, tiercz apres le conquest, noefisme, p les chivalers des Countez, Citeins des Citeez, & Burgeis des Burghs, queux y vindrunt p' les comunaltez des ditz Countez Citez & Burghs, monstre fust a nre Seign' le Roi q en plusours Citez, Burghs, & autres lieux de son roialme, g'ntz duresces et outrages damageous e6toient faitz a lui & a poeple de son roialme, par ascunes gentz des Cites, Burghs, portz de meer, & autres lieus du dit roialme, qi nount pas suffert gÒnt temps, ne uncore ne soeffrent marchantz estranges ne autres qi mesnent, ca- rient, ou portent p meer & p tre vins, avoir du pois & autres vivres, vitailles, & autres choses vendables p' le Roi, Prelatz, Countes, Barons, Nobles, & le poeple de son roialme neceflairs & p'fitables, les ditz vins, vivres, vitailles, ne autres choses vendables vendre, ne bailler as autres q a ceux de meismes les Citez, Burghs, portz de meer, ou autres lieux ou les ditz vins, vivres, vitailles, ou autres choses vendables sront mesnez, cariez, ou portez ; & par ce si sont les choses susnomes mises & vendues au Roi a son poeple1] en les meins des ditz Citeins, Burgeis, & autres gentz denzeines, 1 Interlined on the Roll.

Statute the First.

WHEREAS before this time in many Parliaments, and now at this present Parliament summoned at York, on the morrow after the Ascension, in the ninth year of the Reign of King Edward, the Third after the Conquest, it was shewed to our said Lord the King, by the Knights of the Shires, Citizens of the Cities, and Burgesses of the Boroughs, which come for the Commons of the said Shires, Cities, and Bo.roughs, that in divers Cities, Boroughs, and other Places of his Realm, great Duress and grievous Da.mage have been done to him and his People by some people of Cities, Boroughs, Ports of the Sea, and other Places of the said Realm, which in long time past have not suffered, nor yet will suffer Merchant Strangers, nor other, which do carry and bring in by Sea or Land, Wines, [Aver de pois,Õ] and other Livings and Victuals, with divers other Things to be sold, ne.cessary and profitable for the King, his Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other Noblemen, and the Commons of this Realm, to sell or deliver such Wines, Livings, Vic.tuals, nor other Things to any other than to them.selves, of the (Ô) Cities, Boroughs, Ports of the Sea, or other Places where such Wines, Livings, Viftuals, and other Things to be sold, shall be brought or car.ried by reason whereof such stuff aforesaid is sold to the King and to his People, in the hands of the said Citizens, Burgesses, and other People, Denizens,

Õ Haver de pois or haberdash ware, MS.Tr. 1. 1 same

In dorso Rotuli.

i.

Merchants may freely buy and sell, except to Enemies.

Double Damages to Merchants interrupted j and also Forfeiture of Franchise, Sec.

Aliens may buy and export any Goods, except Wines.

All Charters, Usages, &c. contrary to

this Aft declared void.

more dear than they should be, if such Merchant Strangers, and others, which bring such Things into the Realm, might freely sell them to whom they would, to the great damage of our Lord the King, and of his Pre.lates, Earls, Barons, and other Nobles of this Realm, and grievous oppression of his Commons: Whereupon the said Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, for them and [the1 *] Commons, desired our said Lord the King in his said Parliament, by their Petition, that for [the ÕJ profit and [commodity3 *] of [his'] Prelates, Earls, Barons, [and other Nobles of this Realm,5] it may please him without further delay upon the said Grievances and Outrage to provide Remedy:

Our Lord the King, desiring the profit of his People, [by the assent of6] his Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other Nobles of his Realm, summoned at his Parlia.ment, and [by the advice7 *] of his Council being there, upon the said things disclosed to him [and found true,*] to the great hurt [of the said Prelates,9] Earls, and Barons, and other Nobles of his Realm, and op.pression of his Commons, [hath ,0] ordained and esta.blished, that all Merchants, Strangers and Denizens, and all other, and every of them, of what estate or condition soever they be, that will buy or sell Corn, Wines, Aver de pois, Flesh, Fish, and all other Livings and Vi&uals, Woolls, Clothes, Wares, Merchandises, and all other Things vendible, from whence soever they come by Foreigners or Denizens, at what place soever it be, City, Borough, Town, Port of the Sea, Fair, Market, or else.where within the Realm, within Franchise or without, may freely without interruption sell them to what Per.sons it shall please them, as well to Foreigners, as De.nizens ; except always the Enemies of our Lord the King, and of his Realm. And if haply any disturbance be done to any Merchant, Stranger, or Denizen, or any other, for the sale of such Things in any City, Borough, Town, Port of the Sea, or other Place which hath Fran.chise, and the Mayors and Bailiffs, or other which hath the rule of such Franchise, being required by the said Merchants, or other, thereof to provide remedy, and do not, and be thereof attainted, the Franchise shall be seised into the KingÕs hands ; and nevertheless he and the other which hath done this disturbance against this Statute, shall be bound to yield and restore to the said Merchant his double damages which he hath thereby sustained. And if such disturbance or interruption be done to such Merchants, or to other in such Towns or Places where no Franchise is, and the Lord, if he be present, or his Bailiff, Constable, or other Ruler of the said Towns and Places, in the absence of the Lords, being therein required to do right, and do not, and thereof be attainted ; they shall yield to the Party Plain.tiff his Double Damages, as afore is said ; and the dis.turbers in the one case and the other, as well within Franchises as without, if they be attainted, shall have one yearÕs Imprisonment, and nevertheless be ransomed at the KingÕs Will. And It is ordained and established, that no Alien or Denizen, upon the same pain, shall be troubled, but that he may freely buy such Things aforesaid in the said Places, and cariy them where it pleaseth him, to his own use, or to the profit of the King, or of the great Men, or the Commons of the Realm ; saving that such Merchants Aliens shall carry no Wine out of the same Realm, as is contained in their Charter: And it is enafted and established, that the Things aforesaid shall be observed, performed, and kept in every City, Borough, Town, Port of the Sea, and other Places within the Realm, notwithstanding Charters of Franchise granted to them to the contrary, nor Usage, nor Custom, nor Judgement given upon their Char.ters, Usages, or Customs that they can alledge ; which

1 their MS.Tr. 2. 1 his

3 for the profit MS. Tr. 2. Ç his said MS.Tr. 2.

( Nobles and Commons Old Printed Copies.

\ Nobles and People of his Realm MS. Tr. 2.

6 in advisement with MS.Tr. 2. t with them MS. Tr. a.

* found that the same Things were true, MS. Tr. 2.

Ç of him and of the said Prelates MS. Tr. 2.

10 Wherefore by our said Lord the King, with the sfssent of the said Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other Nobles of hit Realm, and of the

Commons aforesaid, It it

a trop g*nde cherte, outre ceo q eles eussent estesi u, marchantz estranges, & autres qi font venir tie! choses deinz le roialme, les peussent franchementvendT a q. qils vousissent, a g*m damage de nre SeW .! Ro. & des Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & autres N0blÇ deson roialme, & oppression de son people- Sur quei les ditz Chivalers, Citeins, & Burgeis, p' eitt & p' lor coes prierunt a nre Seign' le Roi en dit parle- ment, par lor peticion, q p' son profit & p' [e ãfi. des ditz Prelatz, Countes, Barons, Nobles, & le poL de son roialme, lui plust saunz plus delay s' L ditz duresces & outrages mettre remede covenable- Nre Seign' le Roi desirant le pfit de son poeple en avisement ove les Prelatz, Contes, Barons, & autres Nobles de son roialme, a son dit parlement somons & ove ceux de son conseil illoeqes esteantz, des dites choses a lui monstrees, trova q meismes les choses furunt vitables, a g*nt damage de lui & des Prelatz, Countes Barons, & autres Nobles de son roialme & oppression de son poeple: par quei p le dit nre SeignÕle Roi de I assent des ditz Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & autres Nobles de son roialme, & les coes avantdites, ordine est & establi q touz marchantz aliens & denzeins, & touz autres, & chescuns de eux de quel estat ou condition qils soient, qi achatre ou vendre voillent blez, vins, avoir de pois, chares, pesson, & touz autres vivres & vitailles, laines, drapz, n)cez, marchandises, & tote marie dautres choses vendables, de queu pt qils veignent p foreins ou par denizeins, a quel lieu q ceo soit Cite, Burgh, ville, porte de meer, feire, marche, ou autre lieu

deinz meisme le Roialme, deinz franchise ou dehors, les peussent Pnchement & saunz destourber vendre a qi q lor plest, auxibien as foreins come as denzeins, forspris les enemys de nre Seign' le Roi & de son roialme. Et si p cas destourbance soit faite a nul marchant alien ou denzein, ou a autre s' la vente des tiels choses en Citee, Burgh, ville, port de meer, ou autre lieu q franchise eit, & les maire, baillifs, ou autres q unt garde de la dite franchise, requis p les ditz marchantz ou autre de ent faire remedie & il ne le face, & de ceo soit atteint, soit la franchise prise en la mein le Roi; & nientmeins soit tenuz lui & les autres qi auront fait cele destourbance contre cest es- tatut de render & restorer au dit marchant ses da.mages qil a\?a soeffert p cele encheson au double. Et si tiele destourbance soit faite as tiels marchantz, ou as autres, es villes ou lieux ou franchise nest, & le Seign' sil soit p*sent, ou son Baillif, Conestable, ou autre gardein des dites villes & lieus en absence des Seign's, ent requis de faire droit ne le facent, & de ceo soient atteintz, rendent le damage au pleintif au double, auxi come desus est dit; & les destourbeours en lun cas & en lautre, auxibien deinz franchises come dehors, sils soient atteintz eient la prisone dun an, & jadumeins soient reintz a la volunte le Roi. Auxint-est ordine & establi q nul alien ne denzein s' meismes les peines ne soit destourbe qil ne peusse franchement achatre les choses susnomes es lieux susditz, & carier la ou lui plerra, a son oeps demeigne, ou al pfit du Roi des g'ntz & du poeple du dit Roialme; forspris q marchantz aliens ne amesnent vins hors de meisme le Royalme, come est contenu en lor efire: et es ordine et establi q les dites choses soient tenues, dez, et foumies, en chescune Cite, Burgh, vi e, po mer, & autre lieu deinz le dit Roialme, ment c¡ stante chre de franchise a eux gÔnt(j a c¡ usage, ne custume, ou jugementz ren u* * ^ usages ou custumes, q eux p'ront allege ,

S

S

s

,s*

h

Vi

.h

Hkj

<k*i)

s

F'kbs

M#

B,ji,

uni)

*k\

aš:

MÈ

?Ç

csiii

mat

uk

teat: i a

iiii : atn

:tls

atitz

4*

Ž1'

.fcil:

ip

o kll in it kii

ni

kÈi.

iM

ti*

lets*

am

jitš

tifil

!<È

tfltf

sell

Ço'!

t*

Ç:!<

w

.**

B*SÕ

fk*

Charters, Usages, and Customs, if any be, our Lord the King and the Prelates, Earls, Barons, great Men, and the Commons aforesaid, hold them of no force, as Things granted, used, or accustomed, to the damage of the King and his Prelates, Earls, Barons, and great Men of his Realm, and to the oppression of the Commons ; saved alway to the King, and to other, the Customs due of the said Merchandises. It is also ordained and ust¡ms provided, that the Chancellor, Treasurer, and the Jus- offences ihall tices assigned to hold the KingÕs Pleas, in places where ^ *0)JUÕred they come, shall enquire of such disturbances and griev- 0f and ances, and the same shall punish according as is before punished, ordained; and nevertheless the King shall assign by commission of his Great Seal certain Persons, where and when it shall please him, to enquire of such dis.turbances and grievances, and the same to punish, as before is said.

Item, At the request of the Commons aforesaid, lr- made to our Lord the King at the said Parliament, No^Ma^i our Lord the King, for the ease of his People, by Land because the assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other of Nonplevin. great Men, and the Commons aforesaid, hath put out Nonplevin of Land, which hath been accustomed in the time of his Progenitors and his own time, and the pain also that was wont to ensue, in case the Land was not replevied in due time. Also it is enafted, that none shall lose his Land from henceforth because of Nonplevin; and that this Statute hold place as well in Pleas yet hanging, wherein no judgement is given, as in time to come.

cftres usages & custumes, si nulles soient, nre SeignÕ le Roi, Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & g*ntz & comunaltez avantditz tienent de nulle force, comes choses g*ntes, uses ou acustumes, au damage du Roi, Prelatz, Countes, Barons, et g*ntz de son roialme, & oppression de son poeple; sauve totefoitz au Roi & as autres les custumes dues des dites marchandises. Auxint ordine est & establi q le Chaunceller, Tresorer, & Justices assignez a tenir les plez le Roi, es lieus ou il viegnent enquergent des deles destourbances & grevances, & facent punissement selonc ceo qest avant ordine; et nientmeins q le Roi face assigner, p cdmission de son g*nt seal, ?teines gentz ou & qÒnt lui plerra denquere de tieles destourbances & grevances, & de faire punissement come desus est dit.

Et auxint a la requeste des ditz comunaltez, faite a nre dit SeignÕ le Roi a son dit parlement, nre SeignÕ le Roi, pÕ le eise de son poeple, p assent des Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & autres g*ntz et coes avantditz, ad oste nounplevine de tre, qad este acus- tume en temps de ses auncestres & son temps ; & les peines q soleient suire en cas q ?re ne fust mie plevie en du temps. Et auxint est ordine & establi q nul ne perde sa tre desore par cause de nounplevine, et q cest estatut eit lieu auxibien en plez pendant z .ou jugement nest mie rendu, come en temps avenir.

Ensement a la requeste des dites comunaltez, faite a nre Seign' le Roi a son dit parlement, ordine est & esta.bli par nre SeignÕ le Roi, del assent des Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & autre gÕntz & coes avantdites, q ou brief de dette est porte Vs plusurs executours, q les ditz exe- cutours ne nul de eux ne eit forsq, un essoigne avant apparance, cest assavoir a la somonse ou a lattache- ment; ne ap*s apparance ne eient q un essoigne come le testatour aVeit; issint q mes ne peussent fourcher p essoigne, ne avant apparance ne aps apparance; et pÕ ceo q touz les executours representent la persone le testatour come une persone, si est auxint acorde & establi q tout soit ceo q visconte respoigne, a la so.monse, q ascun de eux neit riens ou il poet estre somons, jadumeins soit agarde latachement sÕ lui; et si le visconte respoigne qil nad riens p quei il poet estre attache, soit agarde le gÒnde destresce, issint q a la g*nde destresce retoume sÕ eux, respoigne al pleintif celui ou ceux qi primÕement apparra ou apparrunt en Court. Et tout soit ceo q ascun de eux eit apparu en Court, & face defaute au jour q la g*nde destresce soit retourne sÕ les autres, jadumeins respoigne celui ou ceux qi primes appara ou apparrunt a la g'nde des.tresce retÕne; et en cas q jugement passe pÕ le pleintif, se face le jugement Sc execucion dePs ceux qi unt pledez, solonc la lei avant use, & dePs touz les autres nomez en le brief, des biens le testatour, auxicome ils eussent trestouz pledez. Et est a entendre q si nul en tieu cas voudra suire, selonc la lei q cea enarere ad este use, q franchement le peusse faire, nient contestant cest estatut.

Et auxint pÕ ceo q avant ces houres plusures gentz unt este sovent delaiez de lor accions, auxibien en assises & autres plez de tre, come en contraftz, covenances & trespasses, p encheson q les tenantz ou defendantz unt mys en barre relesses, quitecla- mances, ou autre fait especial, faitz deinz franchises, dedeinz les bondes du roialme ou brief le Roi ne court mie; acorde est & establi, q qÔnt tieux faitz sont mis avant en barre daccion, portantz date de lieu deinz meisme la f*nchise, tout soit il q tesmoignes de meisme la f*nchise soient nomez en meismes les faitz, et meismes les faitz soient deditz, soit pees fait en

Item, At the request of the said Commons made to UL our Lord the King in his said Parliament, It is ordained and established by our Lord the King, by the Assent of fourc|Ó0ky the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men, and Essoin, the Commons aforesaid, that in a Writ of Debt brought against divers Executors, the same Executors, nor any of them, shall have but one Essoign before Appearance, that is to say, at the Summons or Attachment; nor after Appearance they shall have but one Essoign, as the Testator should have had; so that (') all the Ex.ecutors do [present1] the Person of the Testator as one Person: It is also enafted, that though the Sheriff Process do answer at the Summons, that some of them have E^^ãtors nothing whereby he may be summoned, yet there shall an Attachment be awarded upon [them3] ; and if the Sheriff answer, that he hath nothing whereby he may be attached, the great Distress shall be awarded, so that at the great Distress returned upon them, he or they that do first appear in the Court shall answer to the Plaintiff.

And although some of them have appeared in the Court, and make Default at the Day that the great Dis.tress is returned upon the other, yet nevertheless he or they shall be put to answer, that first appeared, at the great Distress returned; and in case the Judgement Judgment pass for the Plaintiff, he shall have his Judgement and a?Ònst a Õ Execution against them that have pleaded, according to only plead, the Law heretofore used, and against all other named in the Writ, of the Goods of the Testator, as well as if they had all pleaded. And it is to be understood, that if any, in such case, will sue according to the Law that hath been used heretofore, he may freely do it notwithstanding this Statute.

And because in Times past many have been oftentimes IV. delayed of their Aftion, as well in Assises and other Where Deeds Pleas of Land, as in Contrafts, Covenants, and Tres- are datcd passes, by reason that the Tenants or Defendants have xiTvWrit pleaded in Bar a Release, Quit-claim, or other special runneth no", Deed, made within a Franchise within the Bounds of Inquest* the Realm, where the KingÕs Writ runneth not; It is šhall not bc enafted and established, That when such Deeds be for,P^Õ shewed forth in Bar of an Aftion, bearing Date in a Absence of Place within the same Franchise, although there be Witnesses Witnesses of the same Franchise named in the same 10 the D"*1* Deeds, if the same Deeds be denied, Process shall

Õ Executors shall not forch by Essoin neither before appear.ance, nor after; And because that

1 represent 3 him

Vox,. I.

3*

V.

Justices of Assise, &c. shall send all their Records determined into the Exchequer.

be awarded into the same County where the Plea shall be moved, to have the Inquest of the Country and the Witnesses to appear ; and if the Witnesses come not at the great Distress returned, then for the Absence of the said Witnesses, the Justices shall not let to proceed to the taking of the Inquest, as well as if such Deed did bear date in the same Shire where the Plea was moved, and the Witnesses were of the same County.

Item, At the Request of the Commons, our Lord the King by the said Assent hath ordained and established, That Justices of Assises, Gaol-delivery, and of Oyer and Terminer, shall send all their Records and Pro.cesses determined and put in Execution, to the Exche.quer at Michaelmas, every Year once, to be delivered there; and the Treasurer and Chamberlains, which for the Time shall be, having the Sight of the Commissions of such Justices, shall receive the same Records and Processes of the said Justices (') under their Seals, and keep them in the Treasury, as the Manner is ; so that the Justices always do first take out the Estreats of the said Records and Processes [against them,Õ] to send to the Exchequer, as they were wont before.

1 or MS. Tr. a. * themselves

meisme le counte [ou le pleeÕ] sra mu de faire venir bon pais [& les tesmoignes,1] & si les tesmoignes nc ne viegnent mie a la g*nde destresce retoume, adonqes p' labsence des ditz tesmoignes ne lessent les Justices qils naillent a la prise de lenqueste, auxi come le fait portast date de meisme le Counte ou le pie fust meu, & q les tesmoignes feussent de meisme le Counte.

Et ensement, a la requeste des dites comunaltez, ad nre Seign1 le Roi, de meisme lassent, ordine k establi q Justices as assises prendre, gaoles deliver, k doier & tminer assignez, touz lor recordes & pcesses, Žminez & maundez en execucion, mandent a lescheqier a la Seint Michel chescun an unefoitz, a liver illoeqes; et q le Tresorer & les chaumbreleins qi p' temps W, vewes les comissions des ditz Justices, meismes les recordes & pcesses resceivent des ditz Justices, ou desouz lor seals, & les gardent en tresorie come ma8e est; Issint totes foitz q les ditz Justices primes preig- nent hors les estretes des ditz recordes k pcesses de9s eux, p' mander a lescheqier come avant soleient.

Interlined on the Roll.

The King to the Mayor and Bailiffs of the Town of South.ampton, Greeting. Certain Statutes by Us, in our Parliament summoned at York, on the morrow of the Ascension of our Lord last past, with the assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and all the Commonalty of our Realm there being, for the common weal of the People of the same Realm, set forth, We do send unto you, under our Seal, Commanding that those Statutes, and all the Articles therein contained, you do cause to be read and publickly proclaimed in the Town aforesaid, and so much as to you belongeth strictly observed.

Witness the King at Newcastle-upon-Tyne, the 30th Day of June.

In the same manner it was commanded to the Under-written, changing what ought to be changed, to wit,

The Mayor and Sheriffs of London.

The Mayor and Bailiffs of the Town of Bristol.

The Bailiffs of the Town of Great Yarmouth.

The Bailiffs of the City of Lincoln.

The Bailiffs of the Town of Sandwich.

The Bailiffs of the Town of Bishops Lynn.

The Mayor and Bailiffs of the Town of Southampton.

The Justices assigned to hold Pleas before the King.

The Justices of the Bench.

The Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer.

The several Sheriffs throughout England.

Jk Majori & battis ville Suthampton saltm. Quedam statuta, p nos in pliamento nro apud Eboj in Crastino Ascensionis Dili px p'tÕito convocato, de assensu Pre- latop, Comitu, Baronu, & tocius coitatis regni nri ibidem existenciu, ad coem utilitatem populi ejusdem regni edita, vobis mittimus sigillo nro consignata; Mandantes qd statuta ilia, & omnes articulos in eis contentos, in villa pMca legi & publice pclamari, & q'ntum ad vos ptinet firmi't? observari fac. T.R. apud NovuCastrum sup Tynam xxx. die Junii.

Eodem modo mandatum est subscriptis, mutatis

mutandis, vidett.

Majori & vicecomitibj London.

Majori & battis ville Bristol.

Battis ville Magne Jememuth.

Battis Civitatis Lincoln.

Battis ville de Sandwico.

Battis ville de Lenne Epi.

Majori & Battis ville Suthampton.

Justic ad ptita coram Jk tenend assign.

Justic de Banco.

Thes & Baronib} de ScÕcio.

Singulis vicecomitiby p Angl.

Gojgk

DÕ di?ses

Ex Rot. Fin. in Turr. Lond. 9 Edw. III. m. 10.

LE ROI au Visconte Deverwyk, salutz. Pur ceo

Ordeinances ~ nous avoms entendu q plusurs gentz p de la la mer moneye * safforcent a countrefere nre bone monoye Les?lyng pupplier DenglePre, en plus feble moneye, & cele feble moneye

& gardii. jenveyer en nfe roialme, en deceite de no9 & damage

& oppression de nfe poeple si remedie ny soit mis; Nous voillantz as tieux damages & oppressions arester, & s' ceo & a ceo q nfe dite bone moneye soit mul- tiplie deinz nfe Roialme & les ?res de nfe poair, a pfit de nous & de nos sumis, p'veer remedie covenable ; p assent des p>latz Contes & Barons de Õ nfe dit Roialme a nfe plement tenuz a Everwyk a Lendemeyn del As- cencion pschein passe assembletz, avoms ordeinetz & establitz les choses q sensuent en la ma3e suthescrite.

PrinJement p'veu est, q nul home desormes de Religion ne autre ne port lesterling hors del Roialme DengletVe, ne argent en plate, ne Vessel dor, ne dargent, s' forfait'e de la moneye, plate ou vessel qil portera sanz especial conge de nous. Item q nule fause monoie, ne contrefaite lesterlyng, ne soit porte el Roialme, ne aillours en nfe poer, s' forfait'e de la monoie ; issint totes voies q totes gentz de que- cumqes Roialme ou poer qils soient, pussent sauve- ment porter as les eschanges au billon, & nemie aillours, argent en plate, vessel dargent, & totes maffes de monoies dargent, de quecumqe value qils soient, sauve fause monoie, & les?lyng contrefaite, & illoeqs receivent bone & covenable eschange. Et q nul esrlyng, maille ne ferthing soit fondu p' vessel ne autre chose faire, par orfeures ne auts s' forfait'e de la monoie issint fondu & q lorfeure ou au? qi la?a issint fondu, soit mis a la prisone, & illoeqs demorge tanqs il av*a rendu a nous la moite qil a Pa issint fondu, nient contrestant Cftre ou franchise gÔnte ou use en contrair. Et q totes maSs de noire monoie, q courent ja comunalment en noz roialme ou poer, soient tote outrement ostez, issint q nule courge a p's les mois p*scheyn a p's la ctie faite s' forfait'e de meisme la monoie. Et q checun home q voudra suir p' nous, contre teux qi fraude ferront contre ceste or.dinance, soit a ceo rescieu, & de ce q srra issint derene, a sa seute, au pfit de nous, eit le quart den!.

Et q Meir ou Bailiffs en checun port, ou Marchantz & niefs sont, preignent 'sment des Marchantz & Mes- tres des niefs, aillantz & revenantz, qils ne ferront nule fraude countre ceste ordinance en nul point.

Et q table deschange soit a Dovorf, & aillours, ou & q*nt il semblera a no9 Ac a nfe consail p' faire eschange. Et q les gardeins des dites tables facent eschanges p tesmoignance des contrerouleurs queux n9 ymettroms.

Et q nul pelerin passe hors de nfe Roialme v?s les pties de dela, forsq, a Dovorf, s' peine demprisone- ment dun an. Et q bon garde & estroite se face en touz lieuz, s' la costere de la mere, es portz & aillours, ou nul maffe de arrival est, par bons & loials jurez, qi en noun de no9 facent diligealment seher, q nul de quel condicion ou estat qil soit, ne porte monoie des- terlyng, argent en plate, ne vessal dor, ne dargent hors

Statute the Second.

[EDWARD by the Grace of God King of England, For the &c. to the Sheriff of N.Õ] greeting. Because We have perceived that divers People beyond the Sea do endea- Qf d;veri> vour themselves to counterfeit our (*) Sterling Monev Ordinances of England, (J) and to send into England their weak made rtlaung Money, in deceit of us, and Damage and Oppression t0 one*Ô of our People, if Remedy be not provided : We, will.ing to prevent and let all such [Deceits,] Damages, and Oppressions, [and that4] our good Money be increased in our Realm, and other Countries within our Power, to the Profit of Us and our Subje&s (J); by the Assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, [and other great Men,] of our Realm, at our Parliament holden at York, the Morrow of the Ascension last past, there assembled, have ordained and established these Things ensuing in the Manner underwritten.

FIRST, It is provided that from henceforth no Re.ligious Man, nor other, shall carry any Sterling out of the Realm of England, nor Silver in Plate, nor Vessel of Gold nor of Silver, upon pain of Forfeiture of the Money, Plate, or Vessel that he shall so carry without our especial Licence.

ITEM, That no false Money or counterfeit Sterling be brought into the Realm, nor elsewhere within our Power, upon Forfeiture of such Money ; so always that all People of what Realm or Dominion they be, may safely bring [to the Exchanges, and to no Place else,

Bullion6] Silver in Plate, Vessel of Silver, and all Manner of Money of Silver, of what Value soever it be, saving false Money and Sterling counterfeit, and there receive good and convenient Exchange.

ITEM, That no Sterling Halfpenny nor Farthing be molten, for to make Vessel or any other Thing by Gold.smiths, nor other, upon Forfeiture of the Money so molten; and that the Goldsmith or other, which hath so molten such Money, shall be committed to Prison,

. ,iere to remain till he hath yielded unto us the one half of that that he hath so molten, notwithstanding any Charter or Franchise granted or used to the contrary.

ITEM, That all Manner of black Money, which hath been commonly current of late in our Realm and Obeisance, be utterly excluded, so that none such shall be current after a Month next after the cry thereof made, upon pain of Forfeiture of the same Money.

ITEM, Every Man that will sue for us against those that commit any Fraud against this Ordinance shall be thereto received ; and he to have the fourth penny of hire that that shall be so atchieved at his Suit to our Profit.

ITEM, That the Mayors and Bailiffs in every Port ¡ yj"* where Merchants and Ships be, shall take an Oath of the Merchants and Masters of the Ships going and coming again, that they shall do no Fraud against this Provision in any Point.

ITEM, That the Tables of Exchange shall be at Dover, and in other Places where and when it shall please Us and our Council to make Exchanges : And that the Wardens of such Tables shall make such Ex.changes by the Testimony of Controllers which we shall put to them.

ITEM, That no Pilgrim shall pass out of our Realm to the Parts beyond the Sea, but only [to 7] Dover, upon pain of a YearÕs Imprisonment.

ITEM, That good and strait Ward be made in all Places upon the Sea Coasts, in Havens and elsewhere where any Arrival is, by good Men and lawful thereto sworn, [that in our Name they shall *] make diligent Search, that no Man of what Estate or Condition he be, shall carry out of the Realm Sterling Money, Silver, [or9]

Plate, [nor in Vessels Ò] of Gold, nor of Silver, without

1 The King, to the Sheriff of Tori 1 good

' in more weak money,

4 and to this that MS- Tr. 1.

5 to purveie covenable Remedie MS. Tr. 2.

6 to the Exchanges to Bullion, and to no place else MS.Tr. ..

7 at MS. Tr. 1. f who, in our Name, shall

9 ¥* 10 nor Vessel

I

No Money, nor Plate, shall be exported.

II.

Importation of counterfeit Money prohibited.

Saving for Plate, &c.

III.

No Sterling shall be melted, to make Vessels, 4tc,

Penalty.

IV.

Base Money shall not pass current.

V.

The Informer

Oath of Merchant* and Ship- MaÈters.

VII. Table* of Exchange at Dover, &c.

VIII. Pa**age of Pilgrim*.

IX. Searchers ¥hall be appointed and sworn for executing this Afl.

X-

Reward, and Penalty, for Searchera.

XI.

Innkeepers shall have the Power of Searchers.

Oath of the Searchers of Money.

our Licence; nor shall not bring into our said Realm and Power, any false Money and counterfeit Sterling as afore is said, upon the Pains and Forfeitures aforesaid. And that the Money, Plate, or Vessel so forfeit, be deli.vered at [the'] Exchanges by Indenture, whereof the one part shall remain with the Searchers, and be deli.vered at the Exchequer, and thereby the Warden of the Exchange shall be charged of that that he hath received.

ITEM, The Searchers shall have of our Gift the Fourth Penny for their Labour of as much as they shall find so forfeit: And if any such Searchers make any Release, or do dispense with any, and thereof be attainted, they shall forfeit all their Goods. Item the Hostelers in every Port where any Passage is, shall be sworn to search their Guests in the same Manner as the Searchers do ; and they to have the Fourth Penny of that they shall find so forfeit to us, as the Searchers should have. And it is our intent and meaning that the said Searchers shall have Power to search the Hos- tries and to instrud themselves of the Hostelers Ads. And in case such Hostelers be found defedive in any Article aforesaid, they shall be punished, and that they shall run in the said Forfeitures.

Wherefore We do command firmly enjoining that, in.continently upon the Sight of these Letters, all the said Points and Articles be cried and published in Cities, Bo.roughs, Merchant Towns, (*) and other Places through your Bailiwick, as well within Franchises as without, where it shall seem to you convenient to be done.

And in all other Places within your Bailiwick where need shall be, except the Places where such Keepers and Searchers shall be deputed by Us, you shall cause such Searchers and Keepers to be established, and sworn to keep and maintain this Ordinance in the Form aftermentioned, upon the Pains in that Form contained. And of the Names of those who henceforth shall be assigned Searchers and Keepers by you, you shall without Delay certify the Treasurer and Barons of our Exchequer.

1 our 1 Ports MS. Tr. 2.

Given under our Great Seal at York, the Sixth Day of June in the Ninth Year of our Reign.

In the same Manner It was commanded to the several Sheriffs throughout England, and to the others underwritten ; namely,

William de Clynton Constable of the Castle of Dover, and Warden of the Cinque Ports, 8cc. within the Liberties of the Cinque Ports.

The Justice of North Wales within his Bailiwick.

The Justice of South Wales within his Bailiwick.

Edward Earl of Chester, or his Justice of Chester, or the Deputy of the said Justice, 8cc. within the County of Chester.

The Bishop of Durham within his Liberty of Durham. Witness as above.

THE OATH of the Searchers. You shall swear, that well and truely you shall make Search of all the Things contained in your Commission, whereof Search ought to be made according to the Commission, and all other Things con.tained in the same you will faithfully perform, and with that which you shall find forfeited to the King, you shall truely charge yourself, and a true Indenture thereof make, and a true Account render: and that you shall not dispense with any one, for love or for favour, to get private gain, whereby the King may be a loser: So help you God and his Saints.

de nfe Roialme sanz congie de no9, nene porte es dit*

Roialme ou poair, monoie fause, ne contrefaite lester. linge, come avant est dit, sr les peines & forfeits susdites'

Et la monoie vessel ou plate, ensi forfaite, soit UVrez as noz eschanges p endent'e, dont lune ptie demorante deVs les sfcheours soit livre al Escheqer & p yceie ^ le Gardeyn des eschanges charge de ceo qil & receu.

Et q les schours eient de nre doun le quart deS w lour tÕvail de q*nq, qil trovent issint forfaitz. Et si les schours facent relees, ou desport a nuly, & de ceo soient ateintz, soient a la forfaiture de q*nq qil8 a9ont en biens ; & q les hostillers en checun port ou passage est, soient Smentez de faire le €che s' lour hostes en la manle q les Schours ferront, et eient de ceo qi|s trovent forfait, le quart den!, de ceo q Sra issint forfait a no9 come aVont les ditz Schours. Et est nre enten- cion q les ditz Schours eient poer, de Scher les hos- teux, & de soi enfourmer des faitz des hostilers j et q les hostilers en cas qils soient trovez en fraÕude countre les dites choses; qils soient puniz & encour- gent la forfait'e susescrite. Par quex nous vous mandoms fermement enjoignantz q meintenant yews cestes Ires toutz les Articles & pointz susdites, facez crier & publier en Cites & Burghs, villes marchandes, portz & [en Õ] touz au?s lieux [pmye vVe bailie, auxi' bien denz f'nchise come dehors, la ou vo9 vVez q seit a fere; et en touz autres lieux*] deinz vVe bailie ou mestir Sra, forpris les lieux ou dels gardeins & Scheurs Sront deputez p no9, facez tielx Scheurs & gardeins establir & jurer de ceste nre ordinance tenir & gardir en la fourme desusdite, sr les peines en ceste fourme contenues. Et de nouns de ceux q ensuit Sront as- signez Scheurs & Gardeins de pvous, santz delai Sifiez le Tresorer & Barons de nre Escheqer.

Interlined on the Roll.

Don soutz nfe g*nt Seal a Everwyk le vjm' jour de Juyn lan de nfe regne noefisme.

Eodem modo mandatum est singulis Vicecom p Angt 8c

aliis subscriptis; vidett,

Witto de Clynton Constabulaf Castri fy Dovorr 8c Custodi quinq, portuu 8cc. infra libtate quinq, portuu.

Justic Northwatt infra battam suam.

Justic Suthwatt infra baitam suam.

Edwardo Comiti Cestf, vel ejus Justic Cestf aut ejusde Justic locu tenenti 8cc. infra Com Cestf.

Epo Dunotm infra libtatem suam Dunotm. T. ut sup1.

Le ?ment des Schours. Vous jurrez q biCn_8c loialment LeSmmt ferez le Sche des totes choses contenues en vre comission ^ oun dont ?che doit estre fait solonc la comission 8c totes leÈ raonw autTes choses contenuez en y cele loialment pfoumerez de ceo q trovÕez forfait au Roi loialment voÓ* chargerez loiale endent'e ent ferretz & loial acompt rendrez . a nu y p' am' ne p' favour, en singuler pfit avoir ne desportere quey le Roi soit pdant: si dieux vous eide 8c ses Seintz.

Anno 10¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D.I336.

Ex Magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. 24.

Anno xrao.

PUR ce q nre Seign' le Roi Edward, tierce a p's le conquest, q desire soPeinement la meintenance de sa pees, & salvacion de son poeple, ad entendu a la pleinte des Prelatz, Countes & Barouns, & auxint a la demonstrance des Chivalers des Countez & gentz de coe, p lor peticion mise en son plement tenu a West- monstier le Lundy p'chein a p's my quaresme lan de son regne disme, dieses opp'ssions & grevances faites a son dit poeple, & nomement par murdrours, robeours, larouns, ravisours des femes, & autres felons, coveitant p' refreindre la malice des tielx felons p'veer de re- mede covenable, si ad ordine & establi, del assent des ditz Prelatz, Countes, Barouns, & autres Nobles de son Roialme, & a la requeste des ditz chivalers & gentz de coe, pr quiete & pees de son dit poeple q les articles southescritz soient gardez & meintenuz en touz poinz. En pÕmes si est acorde & establi q la g*nde ctire & la cfcre de la Foreste, & auxint les estatutz faitz en temps des pgenitours nre Seignr le Roi, & en son temps demeigne soient tenuz, gardez, & fermement meintenuz, auxibien dev's les g"ntz come devÕs les petitz, & les riches come les povres.

Ensement pr ce q murdrours, robeours, larons & autres felons sont grandement esbaudiz de meffaire de ce q clifes de pardoun des homicides, robies, felonies, & autres trespas contre la pees ont este si leg?ment g*ntez avant ces heures; si est acorde & establi p nre Seign' le Roi, del assent des Prelatz, Contes & Barons, & a la requeste des ditz Chivalers & gentz de coe, q nulles tieles chres desore soient g'ntez p nre Seign' le Roi, contre la forme del estatut fait nadgaires a Norhamptoii, lan du regne le Roi qore est second.

Et q'nt as chres g'ntez en temps passe, si est acorde & establi p nre Seign' le Roi, de meisme lassent & a la dite requeste, q touz ceux qi tieles chres ont, vignent devant les viscontes & Coroners des Countez ou les felonies sont faites, entre cy & la Nativite de Seint Johan p'chein avenir, & chescun de eux troesse de.vant les ditz viscontes [& Coroners1] des Countez ou les felonies sont faites, sys bons & suffisantz meinper- nours, pr queux les ditz viscontes & Coroners voudrent respoundre, q bien & loialment se portrent desore; & soient les meinprises enseales de lor seals, & ret'nes en Chauncellerie a la quinzeine de la dite feste de Seint Johan : Et ceux qi se voillent eider p tieles chres, & neient trove meinprise come sus est dit, ou aps la meinprise trove se portent [autrement'] contre la pees q faire devWt, soient les chres tenues p' nulles. Et en cas q nre Seign' le Roi gante nulles tieles chres en temps avenir, q deinz le treis mois a p's les con- feccions dicelles, vignent ceux q avWt les dites chres, & troessent devant les ditz viscontes & coroners des Countez ou les felonies sont faites, autiele meinprise & en man!e come devant de lor bon port; & soient les meinprises ensealez & ret'nes en Chauncellerie, deinz les tres semeignes aps la fin des ditz treis mois : et si ceux qi tieles chres avont p' temps avenir se voillent eider p icelles, & neient trove tiele meinprise, ou ajps la mein.prise trove se portent autrement contre la pees q faire devont, soient les chres tenues p nulles come susest dit. Explicit Statutu.

jl Interlined on the Roll.

Statute the First.

BECAUSE our Lord the King, Edward the Third after the Conquest, which sovereignly desireth the Maintenance of his Peace, and Safeguard of his People, hath perceived at the Complaint of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and also at the shewing of the Knights of the Shires and his Commons, by their Petition put in his Parliament holden at Westminster the Monday next after Midlent, in the Tenth Year of his Reign, divers Oppressions and Grievances done to his said People, and namely by Murderers, Robbers, Thieves, Ravishers of Women, and other Felons; coveting, to obvent the Malice of such Felons, and to [[see1] a [conveniable'] Remedy, hath ordained and established, by the Assent of the said Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other Nobles of [thisJ] Realm, and at the Request of the said Knights and Commons, for the quietness and peace of his People, that the Articles underneath written be kept and main.tained in all Points.

FIRST, It is accorded and established, That the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Forest, and also the Statutes made in the Time of the KingÕs Progenitors, and also in his own Time, be kept, holden, and firmly maintained, as well by the great Men as by the small, and the rich Men as the poor.

ITEM, Whereas Murderers, Robbers, (*) and other Felons, be greatly encouraged to offend, by reason that Charters of Pardon, of Manslaughter, Robbery, Felonies, and other Trespasses against the Peace, have been so lightly granted before this Time; It is accorded and established by our Lord the King, by the Assent of his Prelates, Earls, (s) Barons, and at the Request of the said Knights, and Commons, that no such Charters from henceforth shall be granted by our Lord the King, against the Form of a Statute late made at Northampton the Second Year of his Reign.

AND [as6] Charters granted in Times past: It is ac.corded and established, by our Sovereign Lord the King, by the same Assent, and at the Request aforesaid, that all such which have such Charters, shall come before the Sheriffs, and Coroners of the Counties, where the Felo.nies be done, between this and the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist next coming, and every of them shall find before the said Sheriffs and Coroners of the Coun.ties where the Felonies be done, (Õ) good and sufficient Mainpernors, for whom the said Sheriffs and Coroners will answer, that they from henceforth shall bear them.selves well and lawfully ; and the Mainprises shall be sealed with their Seals, and returned in the Chancery at the xv. of the said Feast of Saint John: And they that will aid themselves by such Charters, and have not found Mainprise, as above is said, or after the Mainprise found, bear themselves otherwise against the Peace than they ought, their Charters shall be holden for none. And in case that our Sovereign Lord the King grant any such Charters in Time to come, that within Three Months after the making of the same, they that (*) have the said Charters, shall come and find before the said Sheriffs and Coroners of the Counties where the Felo.nies be done, such (9) Mainprise, and also as before is said of their good bearing; and be the said Mainprises sealed and returned in the Chancery within Three Weeks after the end of the said Three Months: and if they that shall have such Charters will in Time to come aid themselves thereby, and have not found such Main.prises, or after such Mainprises found, do bear them otherwise against the Peace than they ought, their Charters shall be holden for none, as afore is said.

Here endeth The Statute.

1 purveie MS.Tr. i.

1 his 4 Thirot:

1 Six * shall

1 covenable > and 4 as to

1 like

I.

Confirmation of former Statutes.

II.

Pardons shall not be granted contrary to the Statute lEd.III.c.i.

III.

Suietics shall be found by Persons pardoned ;

or Charters of Pardon shall be void.

¥ See the Note at the End of thit Article.

I.

Recital and Confirmation of Statute jE. III. c. 2.

respecting

Purveyors.

Recital of Stat. 4 Ed. III. c.,4,4.

See Stat. liEd.I.c.i.

Tallies of Purveyance.

Form of Commissions.

Statute the Second.*

THESE be the Articles accorded in the Parliament of our Lord King Edward the Third after the Conquest, holden at Westminster, the Monday next after the half of Lent, in the Tenth Year of his Reign, by our said Lord the King, with the assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and also at the Request of the Knights of the Shires, and the Commons, by their Petitions put in the said Parliament.

FIRST, It is accorded, that, for to repress the malice of the Purveyors of the KingÕs, QueenÕs, and their ChildrenÕs Houses, and of other Duresses by them done to the said People, by their outrageous Takings for the same Houses, and otherwise than is contained in the Article in a Statute made at Westminster, in the v. Year of the KingÕs Reign that now is, in form as here.after followeth; the same Statute shall be from hence.forth published, kept, and holden in all Points.

Ò Where in the Statute made at Westminster, at the Parliament there summoned after the Feast of Saint Ka.tharine, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of the King that now is, amongst other Things there ena&ed, it is contained, upon the Grievances which the Purveyors for the KingÕs House, the QueenÕs, (') and of their Children, did to the People in outrageous Measures of Com, and [voluntary taking of Hay, Litter, and other Things provided by the said Purveyors, (*) that the Takers and Purveyors of Corn for the said Houses should take them by Measure stricken, according as hath been used through the Realm; and that all the Com, Hay. Lit.ter, Bcstail, and all other Victuals and Things to be taken for the same Houses, should be praised at the true Value by the Constables and other good People of the Towns where such Prises be ; and that the Praisors be not enforced by Threats and Duress to assess any other Price than their Oath will; and in the same Sta.tute is one Article rehearsed, which was made in the Time (4) of King Edward, Grandfather to the King that now is, where certain Pains be limited against those that late made Purveyance for the said Houses; which Pains not regarded, the said Purveyors have not let to make outrageous and unlawful Prises against the Tenor of the said Statutes; To the Honour and Profit of our said Lord the King, and for the Peace and Quietness of his People, and to refrain and punish the Enormities of those that have committed such Outrages, to the KingÕs, the QueenÕs, (5) and their Childrens great Slander; It is accorded and enafted, That the Taking and Purveyance for the said Houses shall be by Price made by the Con.stables and four discreet Men of the Towns where shall be such Prises and Purveyances, thereto sworn, and without Menace, as in the said Statutes is contained : And that also betwixt the Purveyors- and them whose Goods shall be taken, in the Presence of the Constables and Prisors, Tallies shall be made and sealed with the Purveyors Seals of the Things so taken, by which Tallies Satisfaction shall be made to them from whom such Goods be taken. And if any Taker or Purveyor for the said Houses do take in any other Manner, he shall be incontinently arrested by the Town, where such Taking was made, and brought to the next Gaol; and if he be thereof attainted it shall be done of him as of a Thief, if the Quantity of the Goods the same require, and from thenceforth it shall be contained in the Com.missions of such Takers and Purveyors, be they under the small Seal or the great, the Form and the Pain con.tained in this Statute. And that in every Case where Inquests be to be taken before the Steward and the

1 his Wyf MS. Tr. 2. 1 in wilfull tailing

* established be it MS- Tr. 2.

¥ of good Memory MS. Tr. 2. 1 his Wyf MS.Tr. 2.

E* ma&n0 Rot- Stat- ^ Turr. Lortd. nt. 24.

CES sont les choses acordes en n^i SeignÕ le Roi Edward, tierce a^s le a Westmonstier le lundi fchein aft m) ' ^ lan de son regne disme, par le dit ã?! le Roi del assent des Prelatz, Countes & Barons^ auxint a la requeste des chivalers des Counted & gentz de coe p lor peticion mise en dh parlement

En p-mes est acorde, pÕ la malice refreindre des pvetours des Hostels [le Roy'] )a Royne) & de Ò

enfantz, & dautres des durtees p eux faitz au dit poeple, par lour outraiouses prises p' meismes les hostielx & en autre manÕe, q larticle contenu en un estatut fait a Westin, lan du regne le Roi qore est quint, en la forme q sensuit soit derechief publie, garde & tenu en touz pointz.

Come en lestatut fait a Westmonstier, au plement somons illoeques ap>s la feste de seinte KatW, lan du regne le Roi qore est quart, entre autres choses illoeqes acordez & establiz, soit contenuz s' les gre- vances q les p'veiours pr les hostelx le Roi, la Royne sa compaigne, & de lor enfantz, fesoient au poeple en outraiouse mesure des blez, & auxint en voluntrive taille de fein, lite, et autres choses p'vewes par les ditz p'veiours, establi soit q les pnours & p'veiours des blez pr les ditz hostealx, les jPignent par mesure rese, solonc ce qe home use pmy le Roialme, et q touz les blez, fein, li?e, bestail, & toutes autres vitailles, & choses quecunqes q sont apndre p' meismes les hosteals, soient prisez a la vVoie value p cones- tables & autres bones gentz des villes ou tieles prises se ferront, saunz ce q p manasce ou duresce soient les prisours chacez a mettre autre pris q lour sment ne voet; & en meisme cel estatut soit reherce un article q fu fait en temps de bone memoire le Roi, ael le Roi qore est, ou Heines peines sont contenues contre ceux qi nounduement fesoient p'veiances pÕ dels hosdels, p' les queles peines les p'veiours des ditz hostelx nont pas lessez affaire outraiouses & noundues prises contre le tenour des ditz estatutz; al hon' & pfit de nre Seign' le Roi, & p' pees & quiete de son poeple, & pr refrener & punir la malveiste de ceux qi deles outrages unt fait en esclaundre du Roi, la Royne sa compaigne & de lor enfantz; acorde est & establi q les prises & pÕveances se facent p' les ditz hostealx par pris fait p conestable & quatre pdes homes des villes ou deles prises & p'veiances se ferront jurez & saunz manace sicome en les ditz estatutz est contenuz. Et q entre les p'veiours & ceux des queux les biens sront prises, en la pÕsence des Conestables & prisours soient tallies faites ensea ez des seals les pveours des choses issint prises, p e$ queles tallies gre soit fait as ceux des queux les choses 9ront issint prises. Et si nul pnour ou pVeiour P les ditz hostielx les face p autre maSe, soit meinte- nant arestuz p la villee ou la prise 'sra fate, & ÇÇ a la pcheine gaole, et si de ce soit atteint, s0 a, Uicome' do IÈ,oã. d I. .

demaunde. Et desore soit contenu des delx pnours & p'veiours soient e.es souz le £_

seal ou souz le g*nt seal, la orme ^ ^ ^

tenues en cest estatut. Et q en c e j^reschaus questes sont a^ndre devant Seneschal ou Mare

¥ Interlined on the Roll-

Go

ad.1336.

10¡ Edw. III. Stat.%. c.lÑ3.

S

<4

**i

s

*Çl

ÒHi

*È

it

Kk,

¥4

*ii

ip*

FÈ

4:

È*

ii*

b,*

its

SE*

kk

itfe:

ink

::::.

mi

as!

! SC

ail

is-

nil

m-

Ç!'

¥}

Si

ii

sc-

i!È

tl*

K

4

:$

Ii

i

if

I

277

del hostiel le Roi, q les enquestes soient prises p gentz du pais en viroun, & nemie p gentz del hostiel, sil ne soit des contracz covenantes ou trespas faitz p gentz de meisme lostiel, dune pt & dautre, & ce en meisme lostiel, solonc un autre estatut ent autrefoitz fait en temps meisme le Roi laid. Et q en cas ou h5me se voudra pleindre de errour fait devant les ditz Seneschaus & Mareschaus eit le pleintif brief de faire venir le re.cord & proces devant le Roi en sa place, & illoeqes soit lerrour redresce. Et auxint soit fait en chescun autre cas ou home se voudra pleindre de errour fait devaunt meismes les Seneschal & Mareschaux del hostiel le Roi.

Itm est acorde, pr les gÕndes grevances q les gar- deins des g'ntz chivals nre Seign' le Roi unt fait au poeple, come nre Seign' le Roi ad entendu a la dite demonstrance, cj p'veiances desore affaire p' les ditz chivals, tant come ils sojoument nule pt, se facent desore p viscontes des Countez ou les ditz chivals dev*ont issint sojourner, & nemie p autres; et q les comissions avant ces heures faites as tieux gar- deins, soient desore de nulle value & del tout repelez. Et q les p'veiances affaire p les ditz viscontes en ce cas soient livÕez as ditz gardeins p endent'e.

Et est auxint acorde q Steines gentz soient assignez doier & Pminer touz les trespas faitz p les ditz gar.deins auxibien a la seute nre Seign' le Roi come a la seute de ptie.

Marshal of the KingÕs House, that Inquests be taken by Men of the Country thereabout, and not by Men of the KingÕs House, except it be of Contra&s, Covenants, or Trespasses made by Men of the KingÕs House, of the one Part and of the other, and that in the same House, according to another Statute thereof made in the Time of the said [Edward1] the Grandfather: And in case where any will complain of Error made before the said Steward and Marshal, the Plaintiff shall have a Writ, to remove the Record and the Process before the King in his Place, and there the Error shall be redressed ; and likewise shall it be done in every other Case where any Man will complain him of Error done before the same Steward and Marshal of the KingÕs House.Ó

ITEM, It is accorded, for the great Grievances that the Keepers of the King's Great Horses have done to the People, as our Sovereign Lord the King hath per.ceived by the shewing of the said Commons, that Purveyances from henceforth to be made for the said Horses, as long as they do sojourn in any Parts, shall be made by the Sheriffs of the Counties where the said Horses ought so to sojourn, and not by other; and that the Commissions made afore this Time to such Keepers, shall be from henceforth of none Effett, and utterly repealed. And that the Purveyances to be made by the said Sheriffs in this Case, shall be delivered [by1 ] the said Keepers by Indentures.

ITEM, It is accorded, that certain People shall be assigned to hear and determine all the Offences done by the said Keepers, as well at the Suit of the King as of the Party.

Ô King

Inquftt! taken in the Manhal'i Court.

Set Slat.

J8 Ed. /. e. j.

Error in the

Marshal's

Court.

II.

Purveyance for the KingÕs great Horses shall be made by the Sheriffs.

Former

Commissions

repealed.

III.

Determining

Offences.

' to

Itm est acorde p nre Seign' le Roi, Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & autres du conseil le Roi, & auxint p la coe, p' les gÕntz meschiefs q sont avenuz en Roialme p larons, felons, & autres malveis, q touz ceux des queux nre Seign' le Roi a ore poet estre enfourme p bones gentz, as queux il de9a foi doner, qi sont notoirs meffesours ou meintenours ties meffesours, soit maunde de cy p briefs as viscontes des pais ou les ditz mef.fesours & meintenours sont convÕsantz, ou p'ront e6tre trovez, ou as autres as queux nre Seign' le Roi acor- dera, de les pndre auxibien deinz fraunchises come dehors, & demp'soner & sauvement garder. Et a ce en chescun pais soient assignez bones gentz & fiables, & de poer denquere oier & Eminer s' les faitz des ditz meffesours & meintenours, solonc lei de Ere; & jatardeis denquere des autres & doier & Pminer; et estre ce qils eient poer de j?ndre & comander a p*ndre touz ceux queux notoirement sont defamez des tiels malveistez, auxibien deinz f'nchises come dehors, & demp'soner, & nient meins denquere & doier & Eminer de lor faitz ; et q ce cours se tiegne saunz estre chaunge tanq, al jPchein plement, deinz queu temps home p'ra assaier le bien & quiete q p'ra avenir p la bone garde de la pees p cest acord.

ALSO It is accorded by our Lord the King, the Prelates, For securing Earls, Barons, and others of the King's Council, and also by Malefactors*Õ the Commons, because of the great Mischiefs that have till the happened in the Realm, through Thieves, Felons, and other ensuing evil Persons, that as to all those of whom our Lord the King may f>a,'1-m,c!U- at present be informed by good Men, unto whom he may give credit, that they are notorious Malefaflors, or Maintainors of Malefaflors, order shall be given forthwith, by Writs to the Sheriffs of the parts where the said Malefaflors and Main.tainors are conversant, or may be found, or to others whom our Lord the King shall appoint, to take them, as well within Franchises as without, and to imprison and safely keep them. And for this there shall be assigned in every country good Men and true, and having authority, to in.quire, hear, and determine upon the doings of the said Malefaflors and Maintained, according to the law of the land ; and then to inquire of others, and to hear and de.termine ; and moreover they shall have power to take, and to order to be taken, all those who are notoriously defamed for such misdeeds, as well within Franchises as without, and to imprison them, and nevertheless to inquire and hear and determine upon their doings; and this course shall hold, without being changed, until the next Parliament ; within which time there may be trial had of the good and quiet that shall happen through the good keeping of the peace by this accord.

Itm est acorde q les estatutz einz ces heures faitz, contenantz q viscontes, hundreders, & baillifs soient des gentz eantz Pres en meismes les Countez ou baillies, et auxint q les hundredz & wapentaks bailliez a ferme q auncienement furunt annex as fermes des Countez, & sePez des viscountez, soient rejointz as Countez, soient gardez en touz pointz.

ALSO It is accorded, that the Statutes heretofore made Statutes containing that Sheriffs, Hundreders, and Bailiffs should be concerning persons having lands in the same Counties or Bailiwicks, and Mua'dred''''^ also that the Hundreds and Wapentakes let to farm, which formerly were annexed to the Farms of Counties, and sepa.rated from the Sheriffwicks, should be rejoined to the Counties, shall be kept in all points.

Et est auxint acorde q les gaoles q sont appendantz as viscountez, qe les soient gardez come auncienement soleient estre en temps des auncestres nre Seign' le Roi; et si les gardes des dites gaoles soient aillours liPez, qeles soient reprises p briefs, & baillez a ceux qi les deivent avoir de reson.

AND It is also accorded, that the Gaols which are appen- Gat)1 dant to the Sheriffwicks, shall be kept as they were formerly wont to be in the times of our Lord the KingÕs Ancestors ; and if the keeping of the said Gaols be given to others, they shall be taken back by writs, and delivered to those who ought of right to have them.

4D. 1336.

Writs of Niefty.

Return of Money levied for Archers &c.

ALSO It is accorded, that no Writ of Niefty from hence, forth shall be granted in Chancery, unless it be at the suit of those in whose names the Writs shall be purchased, or that the Chancellor or Clerks of the Chancery be informed that the said Writs are demanded by the Will of those for whom the Writs shall so be made out.

ALSO Whereas certain persons of England lately assigned to array Hobbelers and Archers to a certain number, for the War in Scotland, have levied divers Sums of Money for Arms and Horse, and likewise the Expences and other Cods of the said Hobbelers and Archers, of which Money so levied, great part doth yet remain in the hands of the said Arrayers, as it is shewn by the said Knights and Commons by the said petition; It is accorded, that all the Money so levied, which yet is in the hands of the Arrayers, shall be restored to those from whom it was so levied.

And It is to be Remembered, that in the aforesaid Parlia.ment it was agreed that the Articles aforesaid should not be holtlen for a Statute.

THE King to tire Sheriff of York, and to his Coroners in the same County, greeting. Certain Statutes, for the conserva.tion of our Peace and the ease and quiet of the People of our Realm, in our Parliament summoned at Westminster, on the Monday next after the Sunday in Mid-Lent last past, by the assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and all the Commonalty of our Realm there being, set forth, We do send to you in form of Letters Patent, scaled with our seal: As also a certain Article by Us and our Council, in our Parliament summoned at the aforesaid place on the morrow of St. Michael, in the fifth year of our Reign, made, concerning the Purveyances to be made in certain form for our Household, and the House.holds of our Consort and our Children, by the Purveyors thereof, inclosed within these presents; Commanding you the aforesaid Sheriff that as well the Statutes aforesaid as the said Article, in your full County Court, and in all places within your Bailiwick, as well within Liberties as without, where you shall see meet, you do cause to be read and publicly pro.claimed, and so much as to you belongeth, to be stedfastly observed. We do also command, as well you the aforesaid Sheriff as you the aforesaid Coroners, that the Mainprises whereof mention is made in these Statutes, after the form therein contained, you do receive, and the same do send to us in our Chancery, according to the tenor of the same Statutes. And this in no wise omit. Witness the King at Eltham, the first day of April. By the King himself.

In the same manner it was commanded to every Sheriff throughout England. By the King himself.

Rm est acorde q nul brief de neifte desore soi, g*nte en Chauncellerie, sil ne soil a la seute de ceux en qi nouns les briefs Sront p'chacez, ou q le chaUn ceUer ou les Clercs de la Chauncellerie soient apª q les ditz briefs soient demaundez de la volume de meismes ceux pr queux les briefs 3ront issint affaire.

Rm come ascunes gentz DengletVe, nadgairs as. signez p' arraier hobelours & archers a 2tein noumbre P' la guerre dÕEscoce, eient levez div>ses sumes des deners pr armures, chivaux, & auxint despenses & autres custages des ditz hobelours & archers, des queux denis issint levez g*nde ptie uncore demoert es meyns des ditz arraiours, come monstre est p les ditz chiva- lers & gentz de coe p la dite peticion, si est acorde q touz les deners issint levez, q uncore sont es meyns des arraiours, soient restituz a ceux des queux ils furunt issint levez.

Et memorand qd in pliamento p>dco concordats fuit qd articuli Pddi non tenerent' p Statuto.

^ Vie Ebor & Coronatoribj suis in eodem com saltm. Quedam statuta, p conservacoe pacis nre & quiete et t*nquillitate ppti regni nri, in pliamento nro apud Westffi, die Lune px post diem dnicam in medio quadragesime px p>?ita convocato, de assensu Prelatoj, Comitii, Baronu & tocius coitatis regni nri ibidem existenciu edita, vob mittim9 in forma patenti, sigillo nro consignata ; necnon quendam articulu, p nos & consiliu nrm in pliamento nro apud locum pdCm, in crastino Sci Micftis, anno regni nri quinto sumonito, sup pvidenciis p hospicio nro, & hospiciis consortis nre ac libop nroj>, p pvisores eojsdem sub c?ta forma faciend, Rfm, p'sentib? in?clusu: Mandantes tibi p>fato vie qd tarn statuta p>dea, q*m detn articulu, in pleno Com tuo, ac in singulis locis in battia tua tam infra libtates q*m ext* ubi expedire videris, legi & publice pclamari, ac quantu ad te ptinet firmit faP observari. Precipim9 eciam tam tibi p?dcfo Vie qÔm vofi p*fat Coronatores, qd manucapc&es de quibj fit mencio in statutis illis, sub forma in eis contenta recipiatis, & eas nob in Cane nra mittatis, juxta tenorem statutoji eopdem. Et hoc nullatenus omittatis. T. R. apud Eltham p'mo die Aprit. p ipm Regem.

Eodem modo mandatu est singulis Vicecomitibj p Angt. P 'Pm Re6em-

Statute the Third.

.y^HEREAS heretofore, through the excessive and over- many sorts of costly Meats which the People of this Realm have used, more than elsewhere, many mischiefs have happened to the People of the said Realm: For the great men, by these excesses, have been sore grieved, and the lesser People, who only endeavour to imitate the great ones in such sort of Meats, are much impoverished ; whereby they are not able to aid themselves nor their liege Lord in time of need, as they ought; and many other evils have hap.pened, as well to Souls as Bodies; and the matters and grievances aforesaid being proposed and shewn before our lxird the King, in his great Council, holden at Nottingham the Monday next after the Feast of St. Matthew the Apostle, in the tenth year of his Reign, supplication was made by the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and the Commonalties of his

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 24,

PUR ce 5 avant ces heures p outraiouses & trop Anno des maSes des coustouses viaundes, q les gentz *'

du Roialme unt use plus q nul pt ailloÕs, moultz des meschiefs sont avenuz as gentz du dit roialme, car les g*nt3 p tieles outrages unt estez molt grevez, menus gentz, qe safforcent solement de contr e gÔntz en tiel maSe des viaundes, sont moult empoVeb dont ils nont poer daider a eux melsmeS M *

Seign' leige au temps de busoigne, sicome 1 & autres assez des malz sont avenuz, almes come as corps; & lez susdites c ¡ses ^ ^ p¡poses & monstres devant nre Seignor e ^

g*nd conseil tenuz a Notingham, la lu X ^

U .È m*Ò

regne disme, suppUez fcuil P1' Ò ;

Realm there assembled upon his Summons, that he would thereupon ordain a covenable Remedy for the Profit of his People : Our said Lord the King, desiring the common Profit as well of the great men as of the common people of his Realm, and considering the evils, grievances, and mischiefs aforesaid, by the common assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other Nobles of his said Realm, and of the Commons of the same Realm there being, to the honour of God, and amendment of the public estate of his Realm, Hath ordained and established, that no man, of what estate or condition soever he be, shall cause himself to be served in his house or elsewhere, at dinner, meal, or supper, or at any other time, with more than two courses, and each mess of two sorts of vifluals at the utmost, be it of Flesh or Fish, with the common sorts of pottage, without sawce or any other sort of vifluals: and if any man choose to have sawce for his mess, he well may, provided it be not made at great cost: and if flesh or fish be to be mixed therein, it shall be of two sorts only at the utmost, either fish or flesh, and shall stand instead of a mess; Except on the principal Feafts of the year, that is to say, the Eve and the Day of Christmas, St. StephenÕs Day, New YearÕs Day, the Days of the Epiphany and of the Purification of our Lady, the Eve and the Day of Easter and the morrow of the same Easter Day, Ascension Day, Whit.sunday and the morrow, the Day of the Trinity, the Day of the Nativity of St.John, the Day of St. Peter and St. Paul, the Days of the Assumption and Nativity of our Lady, and the Day of All Saints; on which Days and Feasts every man may be served with three courses at the utmost, alter the manner aforesaid. And our Lord the King doth will and command, by the assent aforesaid, that this Ordinance and Statute shall begin to be holden through all the Realm on the Monday next after the Feast of All Saints next ensuing; and be proclaimed in every County; and every man, of what estate soever he be, without any exception, shall keep and observe the aforesaid Ordinances and Statutes, in the form and manner aforesaid ; without addition or fraud, by covin, evasion, art, or contrivance, or by interpretation of words, or any other colour seeking; upon the faith and allegiance that they owe to our said Lord the King, and his Heirs, Kings of England, and as they regard the honour of God, and like.wise the honour and profit of the King, and the profit of the Realm aforesaid, and upon the peril that belongeth, if any be found doing the contrary of a matter that is done by such common assent of all, and for so great profit of the Realm.

None shall be served at any Meal with more than two Courses ; except at certain Festivals.

All shall

observe this Ordinance.

assemblez p ses mandementes qil vousist s' ce pr pfit de son poeple ardiner remede covenable : Nre dit Seign' le Roi, desirantz comune pfit auxibien des g*ntz come de cSen poeple de son roialme, & con- siderantz les mals, grevances, & mischiefs avantditz, p comune assent des Prelats, Countes, Barouns, & autres Nobles du son roialm, & des Comunes du meisme le roialme qe illoeqez estoient, al hon' de Dieu, & lamendement de lestat de la coe de son roialme, ad ordine et establi q nul, de quel estat ou condicion qil soit, se face svir en son hostiel, ne nulle parte aillors, a disner, manger, ne sopere, ne nul autre temps, forsq de deux cours, & chesun messe de deux mantes des viaundes a plus, soient ils des chars ou de pesson, ove cues potages saunz sawes ou nule autre man!e dez viaundez: et si h5me voet avoir sawes p' messe les eit, siq> ils ne soient pas faitz des gÕntz coustz, & si chares ou pesson y deivent estre mis, ne soit mis, forsqs de deux maSes ou des chares ou de pesson au plus, & estoise en lieu de messe j forsprise les plus g*ntes Festes del an, Cestassav5 la veille & le jour de Noel, & le jour de Seint Estevene, le jour del an renoef, les jours de la Typhayne, & de la Purifica- cion nre Dame, la veille & le jour de Pasq^ & lende- mayn del dit jour de Pasqv le jour del Assension, le jour de la Pentecost & lendemayn, le jour de la Trinite, le jour de la Nativite de Seint Johan, le jour de Seintez Piere & de Seint Paule, les jours del Assumpcion & la Nativite nre Dame, & le jour de Touz Seintz j queux festes & jours chescun se puisse $vir de trois Cours a plus en la man!e avantdit. Et voet nre Seign' le Roi & comaunde, p assent avantdit, q cestes ordinance & estatut comencent de tenir p tout le roialme le Lundy pschein aps la feste de Touz Seintes pschein avenir, & soient criez en chescun Counte, & q chescun, de quel estat qil soit, saunz nul forsprendre, les avantditz ordinaunces & estatutz garde & tiegne en la fourme & maSe susdites, saunz ajoustre ou fraude faire a ycele p co- vitise, cautele, art ou engyn, ou p interptacion des paroles, ou queconq, autre colour quere, s' la foi & ligeance qils deivent a nre dit Seign' le Roi & a ses heirs Rois Dengletre, & sicome ils eiment le hon' de Dieu, & aussint le hon' & pfit du Roi & pfit du Roialme avantdit, & s' le peril q appent si nul soit trove fesant le contrair de chose qest faite p si comun assent de touz, & p' si g'nt pfit du Roialme.

R. Vic Ebojj saltm. Quedam ordinacoem & statutu p Nos in magno consilio nfo apud Notingham, die Lune px post festum Sci Math Apfi px ptif convo- cato, de assensu Prelatojj, Comitu, Baronu & tocius coitatis regni nri ibidem existenciu, ad coem militate tarn Prelato^ & Magnatu q¡m populi ejusdem regni edita, tibi mittimus sigillo nostro consignata; Mandantes qd ordinacoem & statutu ilia in pleno Com tuo & in Civitatibj, Burgis, Villis iScatoriis & aliis locis in batiia tua ubi expedire videris, tarn infra libtates qÕm ex Pa, legi & publice pclamari, & qÕntum in te est firmit observari, fa?. T. R. apud Aukland xv die Oftobr.

p ipm Regem.

Eode modo mandatu est singut Vic p Angi.

Memorand qd istud statutu in forma patenti, ac consimilia bria, mutatis mutandis, dirigunt' singulis Archiepis, Epis, ac Comitibj & Nobilibj dci regni j

THE King to the Sheriff of York greeting. A certain Ordinance and Statute, by Us, in our great Council sum.moned at Nottingham, on the Monday next after the Feast of St. Matthew the Apostle last past, with the assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and the whole Commonalty of our Realm there being, for the common weal as well of the Pre.lates and great Men, as of the People of the same Realm, set forth, We do send to you, under our Seal ; Commanding that the said Ordinance and Statute, in your full County Court, and in the Cities, Boroughs, Market Towns, and other places in your Bailiwick where you shall see meet, as well within Liberties as without, you do cause to be read and publicly proclaimed, and as far as in you lieth stedfastly to be observed. Witness the King at Aukland, the fifteenth day of Oflober. By the King himself.

In the same manner it was commanded to the several Sheriffs throughout England.

Be it Remembered, that this Statute, in form of Letters Patent, and the like Writs, changing what ought to be changed, are direfled to the several Archbishops and Bishops, and to the Earls and Nobles of the said Realm, charging

VOL. I.

4 B

Original

them by the faith and allegiance which they owe to the King, and under the peril which awaits, that the Ordinance and Statute aforesaid, according to the form and effeft thereof, they do cause on their behalves to be observed ; nor aught attempt, nor in anywise presume to attempt against the same ; Namely,

To the Deans and Chapters of the Churches of

("St. Peter, York j

ISt. Mary, Lincoln;

St. Paul, London ;

The Holy Trinity, Chichester ^ St. Peter, Exeter;

St. Mary, Salisbury;

St. Andrew, Wells ;

St. Chad, Litchfield;

_St. Ethelbert, Hereford.

To the Earls of

[ Chester ;

I Lancaster;

I Warrenn ;

- <( Norfolk and Marshall of England;

I Arundel ;

Devonshire;

^Hereford.

Also in the fame manner it was commanded to the Mayors and Bailiffs of the Cities and Towns underwritten, namely ; York.

mandantes qd in fide & legianria quibj sunt aitriftL & sub piculo quod incumbit, ordinaefem & statutu p>dca, juxta formam & effSm eo^dem, penes se observari faC, nec quicqftn corn* ea attemptent, seu attemptare psumant quovis modo ; vidett.

"BI Petri Ebojs.

Be Marie Lincoln.

S?i Pauli London.

Decanis & CapitulisJ Trinitotis Cicestr. ecctia* -i^PetnExon

Comitibj

Be Marie de Nova Saj.

SCi Andree Welleii.

Sci Cedde Lich.

S2i Ethelberd Hereford. f Cestr.

Lancastr.

, De Warenna.

Com Norf & Maresc Angi. 1 Arundett.

Devon.

Hereford.

Item eodem modo mandatum est Majoribj 8c Battis Civitatum & Villap subscriptap vidett.

Ebop.

Anno 11¡ EDWARDI, III. A. D. 1336-7.

1,

Exportation of Wools prohibited.

II.

The Use of Foreign Cloth prohibited.

III.

Importation of Foreign Cloth prohibited.

IV.

Who only may wear Furs.

IT is Accorded by our Sovereign Lord the King, his Prelates, Earls, and Barons, with the Assent of the Commons in the Parliament summoned at Westminster, the Monday next after the Feast of Saint [Matthew'] the Apostle, in the xi Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord the King, That no Merchant, foreign or denizen, nor none other of what Estate or Condition that he be, upon Pain of Forfeiture of Life and of Member, and of as much as he may forfeit towards our Sovereign Lord the King, shall [bring or cause to be brought,'] by himself nor by other, privily nor apertly from hence.forth any Wools (J) out of the Realm, till by the King and his Council it be thereof otherwise provided.

ITEM, It is accorded, That no Man nor Woman great nor small of England, Ireland, nor Wales, nor of our Sovereign Lord the KingÕs Power in Scotland, of what Estate or Condition he be, the King, Queen, and their Children only except, shall wear no Cloth, which shall be bought after the Feast of Saint Michael next coming, other than is made in England, Ireland, Wales, or Scotland, within the KingÕs Power, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the same Cloth, and further to be pu.nished at the KingÕs Will; and that in the said Lands of England, Ireland, Wales, and Scotland, within the KingÕs Power, a Man may make the Cloths as long and as short as a Man will.

ITEM, It is accorded and established, That no Mer.chant, foreign nor denizen, nor none other, after the said Feast of Saint Michael, shall bring or cause to be brought privily nor apertly, by himself nor by other, into the said Lands of England, Ireland, Wales, and Scotland, within the KingÕs Power, any Cloths made in any other Places than in the same, upon the Forfei.ture of the said Cloths, and further to be punished at the KingÕs Will (*).

ITEM, It is accorded, That no Man nor Woman of the said Lands of England, Ireland, Wales, or Scotland within the KingÕs Power, of what Estate or Condition

1 Matthias * carry, or cause to be carried,

> to any place 4 as it is above said MS. Tr. 2.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. 24 d.

A CORDE est p nre SeignÕ le Roi, [Prelatz,1] -LA. Countes, Barons, del assent des gentz de coe en Plement somons a Westmons? Ie Lundi pchein aps la feste de Seint Mathy lapostle, Ian du regne nre Seign le Roi unzisme, q nul marchant forein ne den- zein nautre de quel estat ou condition qil soit, s' peine de forfait'e de vie & de membre & des q*ntq, il p'ra forfaire deps nre Seign' le Roi, ne mesne ne face mes- ner par lui ne par autre, en prive nen apert, desore, leines nule part hors du Roialme, taunq, p nre Seign' le Roi et son conseil ent autrement soit ordeine.

Est auxint acorde q nul home ne feme g*nt ne petit DengleVre, Irlaunde, Gales, ne du poair nre Seign' le Roi en Escoce, de quel estat ou condicion qil soit, Roy Royne & lor enfantz tantsoulement forspÔs, ne use drap q ?ra achate aps la feste de Seint Michel pchein avenir, autre q ne soit fait en EnglePre, Irlaunde, Gales, ou Escoce, deinz le poer nre Seign' le Roi, s' la forfait'e du dit drap, & outre destre puny a la volunte nre Seign' le Roi; et q es dites Wes DengletVe, Irlaunde, Gales, & Es.coce, deinz le poer nre Seign' le Roi, home peusse faire les draps auxi longs & auxi courtz come home voudra.

Auxint est acorde q nul marchant, forein ne denzein ne autre, aps la feste de Seint Michel mesne ne face mesner, en prive nen apert par lui ne p autre, es dites tVes DenglePre, Irlaund, Gales, ou Escoce, deinz le poair nre Seign' le Roi, draps aillors faitz q en yceles, s' la forfait'e des ditz draps, & outre destre puny a la volunte nre Seign' le Roi come desus est dit.

Et auxint est acorde q nul home ne feme des dites Pres DengletVe, Irlaund, Gales, & Escoce deinz le poair nre Seign' le Roi, de quel estat ou condicion

1 Interlined on the Roll.

Anno

A.D. 1337.

11¡ Edw. III. c. 4, 5.

m

S

s

It

*11

Hi

P

lii:

m

IS!

It!

lit

I1'

kt

Ç,*

(I

r

hi

iSfi

at

Çi

:s

id.

a

r

tt

8

£¥

i

w

ill

Jl

lÈ

4

4

qil soit, Rois Ropes & lor enfantz, Prelatz, Countes, Barons, Chivalers, dames, & gentz de seinte Eglise, qi poent despendre p an cent livres au meins a la Vroie value de lor benefices, tantsoulement forpris, ne use peleure en ses draps q tira achate aps la dite feste de Seint Michel, s' la forfait'e du dite pelure, & outre destre puny a la volume nre Seign' le Roi.

Et auxint est acorde q touz les oevrours des draps destraunges tYes, de queles tÕres qils soient, qi voudrent venir en EnglePre, Irlaunde, Gales, & Escoce deinz le poair nre Seign' le Roi, viegnont salvement & seure- ment, en la pteccion & sauf conduyt de nre Seign' le Roi, a demorer en icelles Pres es lieux ou ils vodront; et q les ditz oevrours eient plus g*nt volume de y venir & demorer, nre Seign' le Roi lor voet g*nter f'nchises tantes & tieles q les suffiront.

Pr vif Ebop, sahm. Quendam articulu p nos de as- sensu Prelatop, Comitu, Baronu, ac tocius coitatis regni nri, in pliamento nro apud Westrii die Lune px post festu Sci Mat hi apti px pril tento existenciii, sup lanis ext* regnu nrm ducend, & pannis ac pelura, in regno nro Angi, & 9ris nfis HitSn & WaH, ac infra dominiu nrm in tVa Scotie, post festu Sci Michis px futur utend, sub ?ta forma, nec non de modo fcure panno£ in eisdem regno & t ris, ac eciam de pannis t*nsmarinis, infra regnu tras & dnium nrm sup¡dca post idem festum quoquo modo non ducend, ordinatu, tibi mittim9 in forma patenti, sigillo nro consignatu; mandantes qd articulu jPdem in pleno Coin tuo ac in singulis locis in batlia tua, tarn infra lifetates quam ex* ubi expedire videris, legi & ex pte nfa publice pclamari, & q'ntum ad te ptinet firtni? fac observari. Et hoc nullaten9 omittas. T.R. apud Wyndesor xxviii die Marcii. p ipm Regem.

Eodem modo mand est singtis vie p Angl.

that he be, the King, Queen, and their Children, the Prelates, Earls, Barons, Knights, and Ladies, and People of Holy Church, which may expend by Year an C li. of their Benefices at the least, to the very Value, only except, shall wear no Fur in his Clothes, that shall be bought after the said Feast of Saint Michael, upon the Forfeiture of the said Fur, and further to be punished at the KingÕs Will.

ITEM, It is accorded, That all the Cloth-workers of V. strange Lands, of whatsoever Country they be, which Foreign ^ will come into England, Ireland, Wales, and Scotland, within the KingÕs Power, shall come safely and surely, j|¡e and shall be in the KingÕs Proteftion and safe Conduct, King s to dwell in the same Lands, [choosing 1 ] where they Dominions, will; and to the Intent the said Cloth-workers shall have the greater Will to come and dwell here, our Sovereign Lord the King will grant them Franchises, as many and such as may suffice them.

1 at the placet

THE King to the Sheriff of York, greeting. A certain Article, by Us, with the assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and the whole Commonalty of our Realm, present in our Parliament holden at Westminster, on Monday next after the Feast of St. Matthias the Apostle last past, ordained, con.cerning the carrying of Wools out of our Realm, and the using of Cloths and Fur within our Realm of England, and our Lands of Ireland and Wales, and our dominion in the Land of Scotland, after the Feast of St. Michael next ensuing, after a certain form, and also concerning the method of making Cloths in the same Realm and Lands, and also concerning the not bringing Cloths of foreign Parts into our aforesaid Realm, Lands, and Dominion, in anywise after the said Feast j We do send to you, in form of Letters Patent, under our seal; Commanding that the Article aforesaid, in your full County Court, and in all places in your Bailiwick, as well within Liberties as without, where you shall see meet, you do cause to be read, and on our behalf publicly to be proclaimed, and so much as to you belongeth, to be firmly observed; and this in no wise omit. Witness the King at Windsor, the twenty-eighth day of March.

By the King himself.

In the same manner it was commanded to the several Sheriffs throughout England.

Anno 14¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D.1340.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. 23, 22.

AL honr de Dieu & de seinte eglise, p assent des Prelatz, Contes, Barons, & auts assemblez au plement tenuz au Weymonstier le Meskerdy pkheine apres my quarresme, lan du regne nre Seign' le Roi Edward DengletVe quatorzisme, & de France p'mer, si ad le Roi p' eese & quiete de son poeple, ausibien des g*ntz come des petitz, gÒnte & establi les choses desoutz escriptes, les queux il voet q soient tenuz & gardez en toutez poyntz ppetuelment adurer.

Primerement q Seinte eglise eit ses franchises en quiete, saunz empechement ou destourbance; & q la g*nde Chartre & la C.hartre de la Foreste soient tenuz en touz pointz; et q la Citee de Londfs, & touz les auts Citeez & Burghs du Roialme Dengletre eient toutes lor franchises & usages, queles ils ont resonablement eu & usez cea en arere.

Item p' ceo q le Roi ad g*nt compassion de ce q le poeple de son roialme p cause de maveis anes de guerres Descoce, de France, & de Gascoigne, & des g*ntz mises & eidez quils ont fait a lui en divÕse manle, p les causes susdites & auts, & voillant a son dit

Statute the First.

The Honour of God and of Holy Church, by X the Assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other, assembled at the Parliament holden at Westmin.ster the Wednesday next after Mid-Lent, in the Four.teenth Year of the Reign of our Lord King Edward the Third of England, and the First Year of his Reign of France j the King, for the Peace and Quietness of his People, as well great as small, doth grant and establish the Things underwritten, which he will to be holden and kept in all Points perpetually to endure.

FIRST, That Holy Church have her Liberties in I. Quietness, without Interruption or Disturbance ; and Confirmation that the Great Charter and the Charter of the Forest, of Libertie*. be holden in all Points ; and that the City of London, and all other Cities and Boroughs of the Realm of England, have all their Franchises and Customs, which they have reasonably had and used in Time past.

ITEM, Inasmuch as the King hath great Compassion IL of that, that the People of his Realm, by the cause of The King 4 evil times of War, of Scotland, France, and of Gascoigne, J^hittebof and of the great Costs and Aids that they have done to felon!, of him in sundry wise, for the Causes aforesaid, and other, Fines, &c.

hi.

Pardon of divers Debts, &c. due to the King.

IV.

Engleschrie and Present.ments thereof abolished.

V.

Commission.ers appointed to redress Delays &c. of Courts of lust ice.

and willing to his People to do Grace, whereby they may the better aid him, and the rather to be relieved and comforted of their Grievance; at the request of his People of England, hath released and pardoned to his People, as well to the great as small, of what estate or condition that they be, all manner of Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Escapes of Thieves, Fines, and Amer.ciaments, Issues, Forfeit, Amerciaments of Murders, all manner of Trespasses of the Forest, as well of sowing their Ground, as of Vert and Venison, Waste, and every other Trespass done within the Forest, judged or to be judged, Reliefs and Escuages, till the Time that the King that now is [shall pass'] towards Brabant. [And also aid to make our Son Knight, and to marry our Daughter for all our time.1]

ITEM, It is assented, accorded, and stablished, that all manner of Debts, Accompts, and Arrerages of Ferms, and Accompts, in any manner due to the King, as well of the time of his Progenitors as of his own time, till the beginning of the x. year of his Reign of England, be pardoned and released, to all, great and small of the Realm of England, and to every of them, and wholly extinft. And that the Debts [to be de.termined 5J at the Exchequer before the time of King Edward that now is, and also the Debts [to be deter.mined 3] at the same Exchequer, in his time, of the old Debts due before his time, be extinft, pardoned, and released for ever; so always that the Determinations made of the Debts due to the King, and rising of his own time, shall stand in their force. And that the Sheriffs, Eschetors, Fermours of the Manors, Taxers, Customers, Vitailers, and other Receivers of the KingÕs Goods or Money, in time of the King that now is, which yet be in Life, shall Answer of the Goods and of the Money, which they have levied and received to the KingÕs Use, without that that they shall be in other Man.ner charged, but only of that that they have received ; but the Heirs, Executors, and Land Tenants of such Ministers and Receivers which be dead, shall be quitely discharged of all Manner of Accompts and Debts that the King can demand, by occasion of the Levyings and Receipts aforesaid, till the beginning of the said x. year. And it is the KingÕs Mind, that such as do owe him Debts of any Loan, and will accompt with the King, that the same Sum of Loan shall be allowed to the King in their Accompt, and charged upon them, as a thing received by the KingÕs Hand, notwithstanding this Ordinance.

ITEM, Because many Mischiefs have happened in divers Counties of England, which had no Knowledge of Presentment of Engleschrie, whereby the Commons of the Counties were often amerced before the Justices in Eyre, to the great Mischief of the People; It is assented, That from henceforth no Justice Errant shall put in any Article, (*) Opposition, Presentment of En.gleschrie against the Commons of the Counties, nor against any of them ; but that Engleschrie and Present.ment of the same, be wholly out and void for ever, so that no Person by this Cause may be from henceforth impeached.

ITEM, Because divers Mischiefs have happened, for that in divers Places, as well in the Chancery, as in the KingÕs Bench, the Common Bench, and in the Exche.quer, before the Justices assigned, and other Justices to hear and determine deputed, the Judgements have been delayed, sometime by Difficulty, and sometime by divers Opinions of the Judges, and sometime for some other Cause; It is assented, established, and accorded, That from henceforth at every Parliament shall be chosen a Prelate, two Earls, and two Barons, which shall have Commission and Power of the King to hear by Petition delivered to them, the Complaints of all those that will complain them of such Delays or Grievances done to them; and they shall have Power to cause to come before them at Westminster, or [else5] where the Places of6] any of them shall be, the tenor of Records and Õrecesses of such Judgements so delayed, and to cause the same Justices to come before them, which shall be

1 passed into MS.Tr. a. j 1 Not in Original, nor in MS. Tr. i. J 3 attermyned MS. Tr. 2. ' elsewhere

See Stat. 14 Ed. 3. Stat. a. c. 3.

. or Ôor

poeple faire g*ce, p quoi ils se peussent le meut2 aider & le plus tost de lor meschiefs estte relevez & recomfortez; a la requeste de son poeple Dengletre si ad relesse & pdone a son dit poeple, ausibien as gÕntz come as petitz, de quel estat ou condition qil soient, routes maneres des chateux des felons, & futifs, eschaps des larons, fins, an)ciementz, issues for. faitz & anJcimentz des mÕdres, toutes maiis de trespas de la foreste, ausibien de emblau're come de Pt & de venison, wast & quecunqes autrs trespas faites dedeinz les forestes, ajuggez ou ajugger, reliefs & escuages, tanq^ a temps q le Roi qore est passa dePs Brabant!

Item est assentu acorde & establi q totes maneres des dettes, acomptes, & arerages des fermes k da- comptes, dues au Roi en qcunqe manle, aussibien des temps de ses pgenitours come de son temps de.mesne, tanq au comencement de lan de son regne Dengletre disme, soient pdonez & relessez a toutz g*ntz & petitz, du Roialme Dengletre & a chescun de eux, & de tut anientitz. Et q les dettes attniinez a Lescheqer avant le temps le Roi qore est, & auxi les dettes atterminez a mesme Lescheqer en son temps, des aunciens dettes dues avant son temps, soient anientiz & pdonez & relessez pr touz jours; ensi totes foith q les atterminementz faitz des dettes dues au Roi, & sourdantz de son temps demesne, estoisent en lor force. Et q les viscontes, Eschet's, ferms des manoirs, Taxours, Custufis, vittaillers, & autrs Recey- vours des biens ou des deniers le Roi, en temps le Roi qore est, q unqore sont en vie, respoignent des biens & deniers queux ils ont ltvez & receuz al oeps le Roi, sans ceo qils soient en autre manle chargez, fors soulment de ceo qils ont receu; ntais les heirs, Execut's & Pres tenantz, des tieux maSe des Mi- nistres & ReceyvoÕs q sont mortz, soient quitement dischargez de tote ma9e des acountes k des dettes, les queux le Roi poet demander p cause des levees & rescettes avant dites, tanq, au comencement de lan disme susdit. Et est lentencion le Roi q ceux q lui deivent dettes de p>st, & voillent acounter ove le Roi, q mesme la some de pst soit allowe au Roi en lor acounte, & sÕ eux charge, come chose receu p la main le Roi, nient countreesteant cest establissement.

Item p' ce q moultz des meschefs sont avenuz en dips pays DenglePre, qils navoient mye conisance de p'sentement denglescherie, p quoi les coes des Countees estoient so vent devant les Justices errantz aiSciez, a g"nt meschief du poeple; si est assentuz q desore en avant nul Justice errant ne mette en article, nen op- posicion, p'sentement denglescherie, dePs les coes des Countees ne devs nul de eux ; mes de tut soit lenglescherie & le p'sentement dycel pr touz jours ouste, si q nul p celle cause soit desore empeche.

Item pr ce q moultz des meschiefs sont avenuz de ceo, q en diPses places, aussibien en la Chauncettie, en le Bank le Roi, le coe Bank, & Lescheqer, les Justices assignez & auPs Justices a oyer & miner putez, les jugementz si ount este delaiez, ala oitz p difficulte & ascune foitz p dips oppinions des Jugges, & a la foitz p autre cause; si est assentuz, estabhz, & acordez, q desore en avant a chescun plement soi esluz un g>lat, deux Contees, & deux Barons, q a comission & poair du Roi, doier, p PetlcI liPee, les pleintes de touz ceux q Pleindre se ^ de tieux delaies, ou grevances feites a eux, ^ poair a faire venir devant eux a Westm, m* les places Sront, ou ascun des places È, des recordz & pees de tieux jugemen groDt

Sc facent venir devant eux meismes es

adonqs p>sentz, pr oyer lor cause & lo' resons des tieux delaiez; queux cause & reson ensi oiez, p bon avis de eux meismes, des ChanceHier, Tres, Justices del un Bank & del autre, & autres de counseil le Roi, taunz & tieux come ils vVont q busoignable €ront, aillent avant ap>ndre bon accord, & bon juggement faire; et selonc meisme laccord ensi pris, soit re- mande as Justices devant queux le plee pent, la tenur du dit record, ensemblement ove tieu juggement q €ra acorde, & q. eux aillent hastivement a juggement rendre selonc meisme lacord: Et en cas q lour semble q la difficulte soit si g*nde, qele ne poet pas bonement estre rmine sanz assent du plement, soit la dit tenour ou tenours portez, p les ditz Prelat, Contes, & Barons, a pschein plement, &: illoeqs soit pris final acord, queu juggement se dev'a faire en tieu cas; & solonc cel acord soit mande as Justices devant quieux le plee pent, qils aillent a juggement rendre sanz delay. Et p' comencier a faire remedie s' cest establissement, si est assentuz q comission & poair soit fait a Lercevesq, de CanPbirs, les Contes dArundett & de Huntend, le Seign' Wake, k Mons' Rauf Basset, adurer tanq, au pchein plement. Et coment q les ministres eient fait dement avant ces hures, ne p' q*nt pr eux rementiner de mesme le dement, si est assentuz q aussibien Chan- cellier,Tresorer, Gardein du pÕvee Seal, Justices del un Bank k del autre, ChanceHier & Barons del Escheqer, come Justices assignez, & touz ceux q se medlcnt es dites places desoutz eux, selonc lavisement des ditz Ercevesqs, Contes, & Barons, facent sment de bien & loialment 9vir au Roi & au poeple ; & p avisement des avantditz Prelat, Contes, & Barons, soit ordene den- crestre le nombre des ministres, p la ou il ia busoigne, & de le amenuser en mesme la mar3e ; et issint de temps en temps, q*nt officers sront novelement mys en les ditz offices, soient en la manle avantdite sementez.

Item est assentuz & establi, q p mesprision du clerc, en quecunq, place q ce soit, ne ne soit pees anientiz, ne discontinue, p mesp*ndre en escrivant un tre ou un silable trop, ou trop poi; mes si tot q la chose soit apeeu, p chalenge du ptie ou en autre maSe, soit hastivement amende en due forme, sanz doner avan- tage au ptie q ce chalange p cause de tieu mesprision.

Item pr ce q ascuns viscontes ont lo' baillies a Pme des ans, du gÕnt le Roi, & ascuns se fient tant de lo' long demoere en lo' baillie p peurement, qils sont es- baudiz de faire moultz des oppssions au poeple, & de mal Õs>vir au Roi k a son poeple ; si est assentuz k es.tabli, q nul viscount demoerge en sa baillie outre un an, k adonqes soit autre covenable ordene en son lieu, qad Pre suffisante en sa baillie, p les Chauncellier, Tresorer, & chief Baron de Lescheqer, pris a eux les chiefs Jus.tices del un Bank & del autre, sils soient presentz; & ce soit fait chescun an lendemein des Aimes a Lescheqer.

Et come en ascuns temps avant ces heures il navoit forsq, deux Eschetours en EngletVe, cest assavoir un Eschetour de cea Trente, & un autre de dela, p' quoi le Roi et le poeple furent meins bien serviz q avant ces houres nestoient, qÒnt il y aveit plus des Eschetours k de meindre estat; si est assentuz & acorde q desore en avant soient tauntz des Eschetours assignez, come estoient en le temps q'nt le Roi qore est prist le go- vnement de son Roialme DengletVe ; & q mesmes les Eschetours soient esluz p les Chauncellier, Tresorer, k chief Baron de Lescheqer, pris a eux les chiefs Justices del un Bank & del autre, sils soient psentz, en marie come est susdit des viscountes; et q nul eschetour de.moerge en son office outre un an ; & q nul Coroner soit esluz sil neit tre en fee suffisauntment, en mesme le Contee, dont il p'ra respondre a tote marie des gentz.

then present, to hear their Cause and Reasons of such Delays; which Cause and Reason so heard, by good Advice of themselves, the Chancellor, Treasurer, the Justices of the one Bench and of the other, and other of the KingÕs Council, as many and such as they shall think convenient, shall proceed to take a good Accord, and make a good Judgement; and according to the same Accord so taken, the tenor of the said Record, together with the Judgement which shall be accorded, shall be remanded before the Justices, before whom the Plea did depend, and that they hastily go to give Judgement ac.cording to the same [ Record ' j: And in case it seemeth Adjournment to them that the difficulty be so great, that it may not well be determined without Assent of the Parliament, in Qf that the said tenor or tenors shall be brought by the Difficulty, said Prelate, Earls, and Barons, unto the next Parlia.ment, and there shall be a final Accord taken what Judgement ought to be given in this Case ; and according to this Accord it shall be commanded to the Judges, before whom the Plea did depend, that they shall pro.ceed to give Judgement without Delay. And to begin to do Remedy upon this Ordinance, it is assented, that a Commission and a Power shall be granted to the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Earls of Arundel and Huntington, the Lord of Wake, and the Lord Ralfe Basset, to endure till the next Parliament. And though Chancellor, the Ministers have made an Oath before this time, yet Judges, Scc. nevertheless to remember them of the same Oath, it is 0*

assented, that as well the Chancellor, Treasurer, Keeper office, of the Privy Seal, the Justices of the one Bench and of the other, the Chancellor, Barons of the Exchequer, as the Justices assigned, and all they that do meddle in the said Places under them, by the Advice of the same Archbishop, Earls, and Barons, shall make an Oath well and lawfully to serve the King and his People ; and by the Advice of the said Prelate, Earls, and Barons, be it ordained to increase the Number of the Ministers when need shall be, and them to diminish in the same Manner; and so from Time to Time, when Officers shall be newly put in the said Offices, they shall be sworn in the same Manner.

1 Accord MS. Tr. a.

ITEM, It is assented, That by the Misprision of a Clerk in any Place wheresoever it be, no Process shall be adnulled, or discontinued, by mistaking in Writing one Syllable, or one Letter too much or too little; but as soon as the Thing is perceived, by challenge of the party, or in other Manner, it shall be hastily amended in due form, without giving advantage to the party that challengeth the same because of such Misprision.

ITEM, Because that some Sheriffs have their Baili- VII. wicks for Term of Years of the KingÕs Grant, and some Sheriff's do so much trust to tarry in their Office by Procure- sha" ment, that they be encouraged to do many Oppressions to the People, and evil Service to the King and his ,t ,he People; It is assented and established, That no Sheriff Exchequer shall tarry in his Bailiwick over one Year, and then another convenient shall be ordained in his place, that hath Land sufficient in his Bailiwick, by the Chancellor,

Treasurer, and chief Baron of the Exchequer, taking to them the chief Justices of the one Bench and of the other, if they be present; and that shall be done yearly in the Morrow of All Souls, at the Exchequer.

ITEM, Whereas sometime there were no more but VIII. two Escheators in England, that is to say, one Escheator Escheators ; on this side Trent, and another beyond, whereby the King and the People were worse served than in the time when there were divers Escheators, and of less Estate ;

It is assented and accorded, That from henceforth there their Numb*-.; shall be as many Escheators assigned, as were in the time when the King that now is did take the Governance of this Realm upon him ; and that the same Escheators be Appointment chosen by the Chancellor, Treasurer, and the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, taking to them the Chief Justices of the one Bench and the other, if they be present, in Manner as is afore said of Sheriffs; and that no Escheator tarry in his Office above a Year ; and that no Coroner be chosen unless he have Land in Fee suffi.cient in the same County, whereof he may answer to all manner of People.

Continuance in Office j Coroners ; their

Suffie ier,cv 5

VI. Records defective by Misprision of Clerks amendable.

4C

VoL. I.

tx.

Hundreds & Wapentakes shall be rejoined to the respeftire Counties;

See Statute 2 Ed. 3. us.

and be farmed at the ancient Rent.

Outriders,&c. abolished.

Only one Bailiff errant in one County.

Bailiwicks in Fee.

Who shall

punish

Offenders.

Punishment of Sheriffs offending.

Lords of Hundreds in Fee.

ITEM, Whereas many Mischiefs be happened through the Realm, for that the Sheriffs have let the Hundreds and Wapentakes to an higher Perm than they yield to the King, and the Fermers do let the same to other at more higher and greater Sums, in such manner that by the high letting and enhansing of the Ferms, and by the [great1 ] number of Bailiffs Errants, Out-riders, and other whom the Sheriffs, Bailiffs, and Hundreders do put in, the People be in divers manners charged and grieved ; It is assented and accorded, That from henceforth all the Wapentakes and Hundreds which be severed from the Counties, shall be rejoyned to the same Counties, as before this time hath been established by another Statute; and that the Sheriffs hold the same in their own Hands, and put in such Bailiffs and Hundreders, having Lands within the Bailiwicks and Hundreds, for whom they will answer: and if they will let any Hundreds, Bailiwicks, or Wapentakes to ferm, they shall let the same at the ancient Ferm without any thing increasing; and that the King and his People be served by such Bailiffs and Hundreders, and their Under Bailiffs, in avoiding for ever the Out-riders and other, which in divers Counties beforetime have notoriously [grieved *3 the People. And that no Bailiff Errant be, but in the Counties where Bailiffs Errants have been in times past, in the time of the KingÕs Grandfather that now is ; and that there be no more but one Bailiff Errant in one County. And in the same manner it is assented, That all other, of what Estate or Condition they be, which have Bailiwicks or Hundreds in Fee, if they the same will hold in their own Hands, then they shall put in such Bailiffs for whom they will answer; and if they will let the same in Ferm to other, then they shall let the same at the ancient Ferm without any thing increasing, as afore is said: And the Justices of the one Bench and the other, the Barons of the Exchequer, and the Justices assigned, shall have Power to inquire of all those that offend against this Ordinance, at all times that they come into the Country, and to execute such Punishment as to them shall seein convenient to be done according to the Law and Reason. And if the Sheriffs or their Fermors be found in Default in any point against this Ordinance and thereof be attainted, the Hundreds and Wapentakes where such default shall be found, shall be taken into the KingÕs Hands, and let to other by the same Justices, and [to commit them33 to Prison, there to remain till they have made Fine and Ransom to the King, according to the Quantity of the Trespass; and nevertheless they shall answer to the King of the whole Ferm. And that the Lords which hold Hundreds or Wapentakes in Fee, shall set such Bailiffs which be sufficient to answer the King and his People; and if their Bailiffs do against this Ordinance, they shall be called to answer ; and if they be attainted, they shall [have such Punishment 43 as the Law of the Land requireth in such Case, and they shall be out of their Bailiwicks for ever, and other sufficient put in their Places by the same Lords.

' greater 1 destroyed

1 they ihemtelvet committed * be punished and have such Judgement

x> ITEM, in the Right of the Gaols, which were wont

Sheriffs shall t0 j-,e jn war(j of the Sheriffs, and annexed to their Baili- keepingof wicks; It is assented and accorded, That they shall be the Gaols. rejoined to the Sheriffs ; and the Sheriffs shall have the Custody of the same Gaols, as before this time they were wont to have, and that they shall put in such Keepers for whom they will answer. And if it happen that the Keeper of the Prison, or Under Keeper, by too great Duress of Imprisonment, and by Pain, make any Prisoner that he hath in his ward to become an Appellor against his Will, and thereof be attainted, he shall have Judge.ment of Life and of Member. And that the KingÕs Jusdces, before whom such cases shall happen, shall enquire the truth thereof; and if they find by Inquest thereupon taken, that any Keeper or Under Keeper hath done the same, he shall be thereof arraigned ; and if he be found guilty, he shall have Judgement of Life and Member as afore is said.

Et pr ce q moultz de meschiefs sont avenuz p mÈ le Roialme, de ce q les viscountes ount lessez les Hun dredz, & les Wapentaks, a plus haute ferme qik ne rendent au Roi, & mesmes les Fermors les lessen! as autfs plus chier des g*ndes somes, en tieu maSe p 8i haute lees & enhansier des fermes, & plus g*nt nombre des baillifs errantz, outriders & auPs, q les viscontes baillifs & hundreders y mettent, si est le poeple en diPse maSe charge & greve; si est assentuz & acorde q desore en avant touz les Wapentaks & Hundredes q sont sevÕiz des Countees, soient rejointz a mesmes les Countees, aussi come avant ces hures estoit acorde p autre establissement; & q les viscountes les tiegnent en lor main demeigne, & y, mettent tieux baillifs & hun.dreders, eiantz tres deinz mesmes les baillies & hun- dredz, pr queux ils voillent respoundre: et sils voillent ascuns hundredz, baillies, ou wapentaks lesser a ferme, si les lessent al auncien ferme sanz rien encrestre; & q p tieux baillifs & hundreders, et lo' soutzbaillifs, le Roi & le poeple soient €viz, en oustant pÕ touz jours toux les outriders & au?s, q en dips Countees avant ces hures notoriement ont destruit le poeple. Et q nul bail- lif errant ne ne soit, forsq, en les Countees ou baillifs errant ad este avant ces hures, en temps le Roi lael; et en nulle man!e ne soient plus des baillifs errantz forsq., un soul en un Contee. Et en mesme la maSe est assentuz q touz autrs, de quel estat ou condicion qils soient, q ont baillies ou hundredz en fee, sils les voillent tenir en lor main demeigne, adonqs y mettent teux baillifs p' queux ils voillient respoundre; & sils les voillent lesser a ferme as autfs, qils les lessent al auncien ferme, sanz riens encrestre come est susdit: et denquere sÕ touz ceux q veignent al encontre de cest establissement, si eient les Justices del un Bank & del autre, Barons de Lescheqer, & Justices assignez, poair a toutes les foitz qils veignent en pays, & affaire tieu punissement, selonc ceo q lor semble q fait affaire selonc ley & reison. Et si viscountes, ou lor fermers, soient trovez en defaute en nulle point countre cest establisse.ment, & de ceo soient atteintz, soient les Hundredz & les Wapentaks dedeinz qux tieles defautes sront trovez, pris en la main le Roi, & lessez as autfs p les ditz Justices; & eux comandez a la prisone, a y demorer tantq, ils eient fait fin & raunceon au Roi, selonc la quantile du

spas, & nient meins respoignent au Roi de lender de a ferme. Et q les Seign's q tienent Hundredz ou iVapentaks en fee, mettent tieux baillifs q soient suffi- antz a respondre au Roi & au poeple; et si lo' baillifs acent countre cest establissement, soient appellez en re- pouns, et sils soient atteintz soient puniz, & eient tieu uggement come la ley de la tre le demande en tieu as; & soient oustez de lor bailliez pÕ touz jours, & utfs suffisantz mys en lo' lieus, p mesmes les Seign's.

Item endroit des Gaoles, q soleient estre en garde es Viscontes & annexez a lo' baillies, assentuz est c acordez, qils soient rejointz a les Viscontes; & ient les Viscountes la garde des dites gaoles, come vant ces houres soleient avoir, & y mettent tieux gar- eins pr queux ils voillent respondre. Et sil aveigne gardeyn du prisone, ou soutz gardein, p trop Ònde durete de prisone, & p peine, free nul pri- an qil eit en sa garde devenir appellour contre an gree, & de ceo soit atteint, eit mise de vie & df tembre. Et q Justices le Roi, devant queux tieu cas vendra, enquergent sr ce la vW, et sils troessent p aqueste s' ce prise q nul gardein, ou southgardeui, it fait, soit de ceo aresne; & sil soit trove cou- able eit mise de vie & de membre come desus est dit.

S

S

s,

¥h.

¥h

S

S:

H,

Elji,

B*U

kkÇ

£4

¥hi

Çaii

1 Mi .TI*

Mtih

Isis

(St

anil 1 bill

S.XS

itei

SB

KZ

s a

.Ml:

!IK1

fete

;F

ktei

be

ÇsÇ

!*

tas:

fel!

Bte

fekf

[!>

b1

(#

*È

:iÈf

i*

in1

(l

\*

Ž

ft

Item est assentuz & establi, q chescun clerc q €ra depute a receivre les reconisances en Citees & en Burghs, selonc lestatut marchant, demoerge en propre psone p' faire loffice, selonc ce q est contenu en lestatut de Afton Burnel ; & q il eit tres suffi- sanies en meisme le Contee, dont il p'ra respoundre a touz sil mesp^igne; & si nul autre soit en tiel office soit remue, & autre covenable mys en son lieu.

Item come il soit contenuz en la gÒnde chartre q une mesure & un poys soit p my toute EnglePre, & auxint contenuz soit en un estatut fait en temps le Roi Edward, aiel le Roi qorest, q nul ne vende p bussel sil ne soit i8che du seal le Roi, & qil soit acordant a lestandard le Roi; et auxint y est contenuz q celui q '^ra atteint qil eit double mesure, cest assaver un plus gÒnde p' achater, & un autre meindre pr vendre, soit emprisone come fausour & grevement puny ; queles choses nont my este tenuz ne usez puis les ditz establissementz, a gÕnt grevance du poeple j si est assentuz & acorde, q desore en avant un mesure & un poys soit piny toute Engletere ; & q le Tresorer face faire Staines estandardz de bussel, de galon, de poys, dairesme, & les face mander en chescune Countee, p la ou tielx estandardz ne sont pas avant ces hures mandez; & sr ce soient assignez deux bons & suffi- santz, en chescun Counte, & plus solonc ceo q le Countee est g"unt, de surveer aussibien deinz franchise come dehors, q les mesures & les poys soient acordantz a les estandardz, & qils eient poair denquere oyer & tminer, & de punir touz ceux q sront trovez en coupe; et q les Viscountes a lor mandement les receivent, & les retienent en prisone, tanq, ils eient fait fin au Roi: et soit oy chescun q pleindre se voudra de tieux q mesp- nent en vendant ou en achatant, aussibien p' le Roi come p' lui mesmes: et q les ditz assignez livent lor estretes chescun an a Lendemeyn Seint Michel, a Les- cheqer ; & pHgnent p' lour despens la quarte ptie de ce qils pount lever, & respoignent au Roi de les trois pties; et de ce q ne poet estre leve avant lor pfre, soit la quarte ptie allowe a eux a Lescheqer, & les trois pties levez al oeps le Roi. Et nest pas lentencion le Roi, q le Clerc du' Marchee ne face son office p la ou il vendra selonc ce qil soleit faire avant ces hures; ne q les Seign's des Fraunchises lie soient ous- tiez de lo' franchises p cause de cest establissement.

Item come en la g*nde chartre soit contenuz, q a p's la mort des auncestrs q tiegnent du Roi en chief, & des queux les heirs sont deinz age, q le Roi face garder les tres sanz wast & destruccion, & les rend en- tierement a les heirs qÒnt ils vendront a lo' plein age ; et encontre Dieu & droit, & les ditz establissementz, les Eschetours & auls as queux les tres de tieux heirs ount este comis, ont fait wast & destruccion, a g*nt ines- chief, aussibien des heirs des Countes, Barons & auts gÕntz, come dauts q tiegnent du Roi en chief, & nient meins les Eschetours nount en consciencie de faire tieux destruccions, & cheytivement ont responduz au Roi; p quoi est assentuz & establi, q desore enavant, upÕs la mort de chescun q tient de Roi en chief, q leschetoÕ face seisir en la mein le Roi les tres come appent, sanz wast faire en meisons, boys, pares, vivers, ou auPs ex.torsions q peussent escheer au damage del Heir ; & has- tivement a p's le die clausit extremii a lui liPee, le face retoumir p bone k vitable extente, en Chancettie ; a^s queu retourn, si trove soit q leir soit deinz age, & les p'seheines amys le dit heir, as queux leritage ne poet descendre, viegnent & se offrent apndre les dites Pres, rendant la value au Roi tantq, al age leir, si avant come

ITEM, It is assented and established, That every Clerk XI- which shall be deputed to receive Recognizances in Cities Clerk* of and Boroughs, according to the Statute Merchant, shall abide in proper Person to do his Office, according as is ,hall be contained in the Statute of Aflon Burnel; and that he reiident tod have Lands sufficient in the same County, whereof he Èufficient. may answer to all Persons if he offend; and if any 5Ò other be in the same Office, he shall be removed, and ' '

another convenient set in his Place.

ITEM, Where it is contained in the Great Charter, that oneMeasure and one Weight be throughout England; and also it is contained in a Statute made in the time of King Edward, Grandfather to the King that now is, that none shall sell by the Bushel, if it be not marked with the KingÕs Seal, and that it be according to the KingÕs Standard ; and also it is contained, that he which shall be attainted for having double Measure, that is to say, one greater to buy, and another less to sell, shall be imprisoned as [false,Ô3 and grievously punished ; which things have not been holden nor used after the said Establishment, to the great Grief of the People; It is assented and accorded,That from henceforth one Measure and one Weight shall be throughout the Realm of England; and that the Treasurer cause to be made certain Standards of Bushels, Gallons, of Weights of [Aunce,1 J and send the same into every County where such Stan.dards be not sent before this time ; and thereupon shall be assigned two good and sufficient Persons in every County, and more, according as the County in greatness requireth, to survey as well within Franchise as without, that the Measures and the Weights be according to the Standard, and that they have Power to inquire, hear, and determine, and to punish all those that shall be found thereof guilty; and that the Sheriffs at their Command.ments, receive and detain them in Prison till they have made Fine to the King; and every Person that will complain of such as do offend in buying or selling shall be heard, as well for the King as for himself: and that the said Assignes shall deliver their Estreats every Year in the morrow of Saint Michael, at the Exche.quer, and take for their Expences the fourth Part of that which they may levy, and answer to the King the threp Parts; and of that which may not be levied be.fore their profer, the fourth Part shall be allowed to them at the Exchequer, and the three Parts levied to the KingÕs Use. And it is not the KingÕs Mind, but that the Clerk of the Market shall do his Office [where he will,1] according as he was wont to do in times past; nor the Lords of Franchises shall not be ousted of their Franchises by the Occasion of this Ordinance.

XII.

One Measure and One Weight throughout England. Magna Carta ifEJ.i.c.l). V Slat, iire. temp.

Standards tu be sent into every County.

Persons shall be assigned to survey Measures; who shall levy the Penalties,&c.

Saving for the Clerk of the Market; and Lords of Franchises

1 a falsifier

3 wherever he shall come,

brass

ITEM, Whereas in the Great Charter it is contained, that after the Death of the Ancestors, which hold of the King in chief, and whose Heirs be within Age, that the King shall keep the Lands without Waste and De- struftion, and restore them wholly to the Heirs when they come to their full Age; and against God and Right, and the said Establishment, the Escheators, and other to whom the Lands of such Heirs have been committed, have done Waste and Destruftion, to the great Mischief, as well of the Heirs of Earls, Barons, and other great Men, as of other which hold of the King in Chief, and nevertheless the said Escheators have not had Conscience to do such Destruftions, and scarcely have answered the King: Wherefore It is assented and established, That from henceforth after the Death of every Person which holdeth of the King in chief, that the Escheators shall do to be seised into the KingÕs Hands the Lands as pertaineth, without doing Waste in Houses, Woods, Parks, Ponds, anil other Extortions, which may fall to the Damage of the 1 leir ; and hastily after the diem clausit extremum delivered him to return the same by a good and true Extent in the Chancery : After which Return if it be found that the Heir is within Age, and the next Friends of the Heir to whom the Inheritance cannot descend, shall come and offer them to take the said Lands, yielding Value to the King, till the Age of the Heir, as far forth as

XIII.

Escheatoi j shall not commit Waste in Lands of the KingÕ* Wards.

Ma%na Carta, 2$Ed.l c 45.

Return of Extent into Chaucerv.

The next of Kin to the KingÕs Ward may take his Land in Ferm.


Aftion of Waste against the Fermors.

XIV.

After Four W rits of Search for the King, returned, the King put to answer; on Petition for Lands in his Hands.

The Great or Privy Seal shall not hinder this Statute.

XV.

No Pardon for Felony inconsistent with the KingÕs Oath. See Statutes 1E.3.C.2-, to £.3. St. I. C, 2.

XVI.

See Statutes IVestm. 2.

13 £./.r. 50.- 12E./1.C.3.

Nisi Prius may be granted before a Justice of Common Pleas, in a Suit in King's Bench;

other will yield without Fraud, by accord betwixt the Chancellor and Treasurer, they shall have a Commission to keep the said Lands by good and sufficient Surety till the Age of the said Heirs, and to answer the King of the Value: And it is not the KingÕs Intent, that by this Statute he be foreclosed to have an Adtion of Waste against such Guardians and Fermors, as he and his Ancestors have had before this Time; and that the Heirs, when they come to their Age, shall have their Aftion by Writ of Waste against such Guardians and Fermors.

ITEM, Whereas before this Time, in case that a Man hath demanded by Petition in the Parliament cer.tain Lands and Tenements which be in the KingÕs Hands, and to the same Petitions hath been answered in the same Parliament, Chancery, or the KingÕs Bench, that the King will that a Writ be sued to the Treasurer and Chamberlains [of the Exchequer,] to search Charters, [Miniments,1] and other Remembrances, which may him avail, whereby he may be advised to make answer ; to which Writs commonly the Treasurer and Chamberlains have answered, that they have searched but not [by- searched,1] and would not answer that they have fully searched and nothing found, nor that they can no more find, but that which they have sent; whereby according to the Law afore this Time used, a Man hath not had cause to put them which be for the King to answer, and in such Manner the Demandants have been greatly de.layed to their Mischief; Wherefore It is assented, That after that the Four Writs be returned, whether [the Mini- ment5] or Remembrance be found for the King, or not, that then in the Parliament, Chancery, or in the KingÕs Bench, or in the Common Bench, they which shall sue for the King shall be put to answer, and to defend the Lands and Tenements so demanded against the King, to the best that they can or may according to the Law, so always that every of the Four Writs be delivered to the Treasurer and to the Chamberlains Forty Days be.fore the Day of the Return ; and that by Commandment of the Great Seal, or Privy Seal, no point of this Sta.tute shall be put in delay; nor that the Justices of what.soever Place it be, shall let to do the Common Law by Commandment, which shall come to them under the Great Seal or Privy Seal.

ITEM, Because by divers Statutes made before this Time in divers Parliaments it was assented, That no Charter of Pardon of the Death of a Man should be granted by the King, but in case where he may do it keeping the Oath of his Crown; which Statutes have not been holden, but Charters have been granted with.out Number to divers [Felons4] and Manslayers, to the evil Example and Fear of good People and lawful, whereby [Thieves, Felons, and Offenders5] be com.forted to do their Robberies and Man-slaughter, and the same do from Day to Day, and the more be encouraged to do the same, because of Hope easily to have their Charters of Pardon; It is assented, established, and ac.corded, That no Charter [or6] Pardon of the Death of a Man, nor of other Felony, shall be from henceforth granted to any Man, but in case where the King may the same do, saving the Oath of his Crown, as it is con.tained in the Statutes made before this Time ; and if any Charter be from henceforth granted against the said Statutes, the same shall be holden for none.

ITEM, Whereas before this Time it was established, That the Inquests and Juries which be to be taken, as well of the KingÕs Bench as of the Common Bench, should be taken before one or [more7] Justices of the same [Place,8] as it is contained in the said Establish.ment ; and now it is notoriously seen and known, that divers Inquests and Juries have been (9) taken, and yet be in divers Counties of England, where no Justice did come, to the great Mischief of the Parties that do sue, and also of the good People of the Country which be impanelled : Wherefore it is assented and stablished, That whoso demandeth the Nisi Prius in the KingÕs Bench, as well at the Suit of the Defendant, as of the Plaintiff, as before this Time hath been done by the Form of the Statute, the Nisi Prius shall be granted before any

' muniments 1 thoroughly searched

1 any muniment Ç Thieves

Õ the Thieves and Offenders 6 of i two

s PlaceÕ 9 to be

A.D.

au?s voillent rendre sanz fraude, p acord emrã . Chanceller k T,£ dttes tres p bone & suffisant seurte, tana al a_ . ditz heirs, & a respoundre au Roi de la value ¥ Ç Ó pas lentencion le Roy q p cest estatut il mit'forcU d, sa accion de Wast tieux gardeins & fen* Õ si come lu. & ses auncestÕs ont eu avant ces houresÕ & q les heirs qÕnt ils vendront a loÕ age eient InÕ accion p brieft de Wast, dePs tieux gardeins & fermers Itm come avant ces houres, en cas q home ad de maunde p peticion du plement Heines tres & tefiz ~ sont en la mein le Roi, & a les dites peticions eit este respoundu en dit plement, Chancettie, ou en Bank le Roi, q le Roi voet q brief soit swy as Tresorer & Chaumbleins, pr serchier charts, monyment3, & au?s remembrances q lui pount valer, p quoi il puisse estf avise a faire respouns; as queux briefs comunement le Tres & Chaumbleins ont respondu, qils ount €che, mes nemy pserche, & nount pas volu respoundre qils ount pleinement Sche, & riens ne troevent, ne qils poem plus trover fors ce qils ont mande ; p quoi (') la ley avant ceste hure usee, home nad my eu cause a mettre ceux q sont pr le Roi a respouns, & en tieu maSe les de- mandantz ont este g*ntment delaiez a meschief de eux; p quoi est assentuz, q ap>s q les quatre briefs soient ret'nez, le quel q monyment ou remembrance soit trove pr le Roi ou nemy, q adonqs en plement, Chancellerie, ou en Bank le Roi, ou en coe Bank, soient ceux q sont pr le Roi mys a respouns, & a defendre les ties & teiiz ensi demandez devs le Roi, a meutz qils savont ou pTont, selonc la lei, ensi totes foitz q chescun des quatre briefs soit livÕee as Tres & Chaumbleins quarantc jours devant le jour de retourn; & q p mandement de gÕnt seal ne de p'vee seal nul point de cest estatut ne ne soit mys en delay; ne q Justices de quecumq. place q ce soit, lessent a faire coe lei, p' maunde- ment q les vendra desoutz le g*nt seal ou privee seal.

Item pr ceo q p divÕs estatutz avant ces houres faitz en divÕs plementz, si fut assentuz q nul chartre de pdoun de mort de home, ne ne serroit fait p le Roi mes en cas qil le poet faire gardant le sement de sa co- roune ; les queux estatutz ne ount pas este tenuz, einz ount este chartres sanz nombre gÕntez as divs larons & homicides, a mal ensample & affrai des bones gentz & loialx, p quoi les larons & meffesours sont comfortez affaire lor robies & homicides, & les fount de jour en autre, & plus sont esbaudiz a le faire p cause de espotr davoir lor chartÕs de pdou legement; si est assentuz acorde & establi, q nul chartre de pdon de mort de home, ne dautre felonie, ne ne soit desore en avant gÕnte, a nul, forsq, en cas ou le Roi le poet faire sauvant le dement de sa coronne, si come est contenuz en es esta tutz avant ces hures faitz ; et si nulle chartre soit esore gÕnte contre les ditz estatutz, qele soit term p nu ¥ Item come avant ces houres soit establ., q lÇ Ç¥ questes & jurrez, q sont a^ndre aussibien de Ban^ Roi come de cbe Bank, fuissent Pns devant n J deux Justices de meismes les places, si com ^ tenuz en meismes les establissementz ; & Ja Ç m

toriement veu & conu q dieses^Contees Dengletre, este ap>ndre, & encore sont en i -

ou nulle Justice nest venu, a gÕnr mesch, ^ 9 suent, & aussi des bones gentz du W M ^ ^- panel; p quoi est assentuz & Ôlj^ g b

demande le Nisi Prius en Bank le I , ^ ces

seute le defendant come de ple.nti ^ ^ k Nisi

hures ad este fait p forme destatut, q Õ ^

Prius gÕnte, devant ascun Justice de la place- i per Printed Copt'*-

S

k,

S

s

Èn

'U

"*1!

BJ,

V

Hi

lÈi

aaa:

s

*ft

!J8,

Ibj

¥ft*

nit

šii

e 1 tmis

TO

feu

381

TO

as

tp

rÈ

PÈ

nei

(fct

lb

S!

11 < 13

S!È

t*

iff!

Ill

10

Ç(>

B5

jbÈ

ÇÈ

\i*

i'"

i*

wÈ

i<È

k

t*

8*

ll1

i>È

pent, si ascun de ia place peusse bonement aler en celies pties, & si nemy adonqs soit gÕnte le Nisi Prius devant ascun Justice du coe Bank, au c*tein jour q poet estre acorde, & tenour du record a lui livÕee ou mande de- soutz le seal le chief de la place ; a queu jour il pHgne lenqueste, & retoume le v*dit desoutz son seal ovesqs le brief, la tenour & le panel, le quel soit receu en Bank le Roi, & illoeqs enroule, & sr ce juggement rendu se- lonc le v*dit de mesme lenqueste; & eit le dit Justice du coe Bank poair de recorder defautes & nounseutes, auxi avant come le Nisi Prius eust este gÔnte devant ascun Justice du Baunk le Roi; aps queux defautes issint recordez & ret'nez en Bank le Roi, aillent les Justices a juggement rendre sr mesme le record. En mesme la manie soit fait de toutz les plees q sont ou sront en coe Baunk, dont les enquestes & jurrees sont ou sront apndre en pays p le Nisi Prius; si nul des Justices de meisme le place ne [y'] aille soit le Nisi Prius gÔnte devant ascun Justice du Bank le Roi, affaire come de.vant est dit des Justices du Coe Bank, & la tenour du record a meisme celui Justice maunde, qi eit autieu poair come devant est dit de Justice du coe Bank, qest assigne ap*ndre les enquestes & jurrees du Bank le Roi.

Et sil aveigne q nul des Justices del un Bank ne del autre, ne puisse venir en pais la ou enquestes & jurrees sont apWre, adonq^ soit le Nisi Prius g*nte devant le chief Baron del Escheqer, sil soit home de ley; Sc eit autieu poair come les Justices del un Bank ou del autre ont p cest estatut: et en cas q nul des Justices del un Bank, ne del autre, ne le chief Baron del Escheqir, qi soit home de lei, ne viegne en pais, ou les enquestes & jurrees sont, ou sront ap'ndre p le Nisi Prius, adonqs soit le Nisi Prius g*nte devant Justices assignez a les as.sises pPndre celies pties; issint toutes foitz q un des ditz Justices assignez soit Justice del un Bank ou del autre, ou €jant le Roi jurree; Sc eient mesmes ces Justices autieu poair come devant est dit des Justices del un Bank & del autre. Et si lune ptie demaunde la te.nour du record de9s lui avoir, p' liv*er a le Justice devant qi le Nisi p'us est g'nte, pur eschure q fraude ne damage ne soit fait al autre ptie, ne as gentz del enqueste, soit un autre tenour de mesme le record bailie a lautre ptie, sil le demande. Et come soit autre foitz establi q les Justices, devant queux le Nisi p'us ad este g*nte, es plees dassises de darrein fPsent, et quare impedit, eient poair de rendre les juggementz en pais, s' vditz dassise Sc denqueste, & s' nounseutes Sc defautes; si est assentuz q les Justices del un Bank & del autre, chief Baron del Escheqir, & Justices assignez, devant queux le Nisi Prius est g'nte p cest estatut, eient poair de rendre les juggementz en pais, & ce retournir, so- lonc ce qest contenuz en lestatut Devwyk s' ce fait.

Item est assentuz Sc establi, q vikeres, psones, Sc gardeins de Chapeles, Sc pvosts, gardeins Sc Chapelleins des Chaunties ppetueles, eient lo' brief de Utrum, des tres, tenz, rentes Sc possessions annexes ou donez ppetuelement en almoigne, as Vikeries, Chapeles, ou Chaunties, Sc recover p auts briefs en lo' cas, auxi avant come psones des Eglises ou pvenders. Item p' ceo q les demandantz en plee de tre ount este sovent delaiez de ce q les tenantz ount vouche a gar- rant un home mort, encontre queu vouchier, les de.mandantz ne poaient my avant ces houres a$ este receux davir, q le vouche est mort, a gÒnt delay & mes- chief de eux; acorde est & establi, q desore en avant, si le tenant vouche a garrant un home mort, & le de.mandant voille avW q le vouche est mort, ou qil neit nul tiel, soit lavement de lui receu sanz plus delay.

' Interlined on the Roll.

Justice of the Place where the Plea dependeth, if any of the same Place may well go into those Parts; and if nor, then the Nisi Prius shall be granted before any Justice of the Common Bench, at a certain Day, which may be accorded, and [to deliver or send the Tenor of the Record to him 1 j under the Seal of the Chief Justice of the Place; at which Day he shall take the Inquest, and return the Verdict under his Seal with the Writ, the Te.nor, and the Panel, which shall be received in the KingÕs Bench, and there enrolled, and thereupon Judgement given according to the Verdidt of the same Inquest; and the said Justice of the Common Bench shall have Power to record Defaults and Nonsuits, as far forth as if the Nisi Prius had been granted before any Justice of the KingÕs Bench ; after which Defaults so recorded and returned in the KingÕs Bench, the Justices shall go to give Judgement upon the same Record. And in the Nui Pnm same Manner be it done of all the Pleas which be or shall tfd be in the Common Bench, whereof the Inquests and before a Juries be or shall be (*) taken in the Country by Nisi Jmticeof Prius; and if none of the Justices of the same Place go .

(J), the Nisi Prius shall be granted before any Justice of ^ guit'in*

the KingÕs Bench, to do as afore is said of the Justices common

of the Common Bench, and the Tenor of the Record PleaÈi

shall be sent to the same Justice, [that he may 4J have

like Power as afore is said of the Justices of the Common

Bench, which be assigned to take Inquests and Juries

of the KingÕs Bench. And if it happen that none of or before the

the Justices of the one Bench nor the other may come

into the Country where Inquests or Juries be to be r< jf a"

taken, then the Nisi Prius shall be granted before the Man of the

Chief Baron of the Exchequer, if he be a Man of the Law;

Law; and he shall have such Power as the Justices of the one Bench and the other have by this Statute:

And in case that none of the Justices of the one Bench or before nor the other, nor the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, Ju*ticeÇ of being a Man of the Law, do not come into the Country and

where the Inquests and Juries be or shall be (,Ô) taken grants, by the Nisi Prius, then the Nisi Prius shall be granted before the Justices assigned to take Assises in those Parts ; so always that one of the said Justices assigned be Justice of the one Bench or the other, or the KingÕs Serjeant sworn: And the same Justices shall have such Power as afore is said of the Justices of the one Bench and of the other. And if the one Party demand the Tenor of the Record to have with him, to deliver to the Justices before whom the Nisi Prius is granted, for to eschue that no Fraud or Damage be done to the other Party, nor to the People of the Inquests, another Te.nor of the same Record shall be delivered to the other Party, if he the same require. And Whereas it hath been Justice! of another Time established, that the Justices before whom Niti Prim the Nisi Prius hath been granted in Pleas of Assises, of Darrain Presentment, and Quare Impedit, should have Quare Power to give the Judgements in the Country upon the Impedit and Verdicts of Assise, and of Inquests, and upon Nonsuits š,rraln and Defaults; It is assented, That the Justices of the rfscntmcnt one Bench and of the other, the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, and the Justices assigned, before whom the Nisi Prius is granted by this Statute, shall have Power See Statute to give Judgements in the Country, and return the nEJ.II. same, according as it is contained in the Statute of York *' thereupon made.

ITEM, It is assented and stablished, That Parsons, XVII. Vicars, Wardens of Chapels, and Provosts, Wardens Jurii Utrum. and Priests of perpetual Chaunteries, shall have their Writs of Juris utrum of Lands and Tenements, Rents, and Possessions, annexed or given perpetually in Alms to Vicarages, Chapels, or Chaunteries, and recover by other Writs in their Case as far forth as Parsons of Churches or Prebends.

ITEM, Because the Demandants in plea of Land have XVIII. been often delayed, for that the Tenants have vouched Demandant to warranty a dead Man, against which voucher the of

Demandants before this time might not be received to Vouchee, aver that the Vouchee is dead, to their great delay and mischief; It is accorded and established, that from henceforth if the Tenant vouch to warranty a dead Man, and the Demandants will aver that the Vouchee is dead, or that there is none such, their averment shall be received without delay.

1 the Tenour of Record to him delivered or sent \1S. Tr. a.

1 to he > thither MS. Tr. 1. 4 auhÈ iball

Vol. I.

4D

XIX.

Purveyances for the Royal Houses to be by Warrant. Purveyors to take nothing without the Owner's Consent.

Purveyance for the Wars.

Purveyance for the King's Horses.

Purveyance for the King's

Dogs.

XX.

See Chapters 2. an J 3. of this Statute.

A Subsidy granted to the King, of the Ninth Lamb, the Ninth Fleece, and the Ninth Sheep.

In Cities and Boroughs of the Ninth Part of all

Goods j

Elsewhere of the Fifteenth.

Poor Persons excepted.

ITEM, It is assented, That the Purveyances which shall be made for the KingÕs House and the Queen's, where they do abide and pass through the Country, shall be made by Warrant and Power given to them which shall make the Purveyances; in which shall be expressly contained, that they shall take nor buy no.thing, unless it be by Promise made betwixt the Buyer and the Seller, and by the Agreement of the Sellers : And if any will any Thing take by colour of his Com.mission against this Ordinance, none shall be bound to obey him, no more than if he had no Commission. And of that that shall be so bought and purveyed, Pay.ment shall be made to the Seller before that the King pass out of the Verge. And of great Purveyances to be made, as of Flesh, Fish, and other Victuals for the KingÕs Wars, and for to victual the Castles and Towns in Scotland and England, and other Places, certain Merchants or other good People shall be deputed by the Treasurer, to make the said Purveyances, without Commissions, and without the KingÕs, or others Power; so that the People nor none of them be put to sell any Thing against their Will. And that no Commission be made to the Keepers of the KingÕs Horses, (*) but be it only commanded to the Sheriff, that he make Pur.veyance by him and by his, of the Issues of his Bai.liwick ; and the Number of the Horses for which he shall make such Purveyance shall be contained in the said Commandment; and that no Purveyance be made over this Number ; saving that the chief Keeper have an Hackney, and that he take good heed, that the Country be not charged of more than shall keep the Horses, but for every Horse a Knave, without bringing Wo.men, Pages, or Dogs with them; and if more be found abiding, in charge of the Country, they shall be brought to the Prison, there to remain till the King hath sent his Will. And in the same Manner be it commanded to the Sheriffs, that they make their Purveyances for the KingÕs Dogs of the Issues of their Bailiwicks where they dwell; and that, such Purveyances be made by none other but by the [Sheriffs Õ] ; and be it contained in [this1] Commandment the Number of the Dogs for which he shall make Purveyance, over which Num.ber no Purveyance shall be made, so that they live of their certain, without charging the Country. And if any find him grieved against this Ordinance, he shall have his Recovery against the Sheriff of such Griev.ances done to him.

1 by the King, nor by the Sheriff, nor by others, to mate Purveyance for the KingÕs Horses ; 1 Sheriff

J his

ITEM, (3) The Grants, Releases, and Pardons of the [said4] Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, and many other Things [under written,5] which the King hath granted to the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and all the Com.mons of his Realm, for the Ease of them perpetually to endure, the said Prelates, Earls, Barons, and all the Commons of the Realm, willingly of one Assent and good Will, having regard to the Will that the King their Liege Lord hath towards them, and to the great Travels that he hath made and sustained as well in his Wars of Scotland, as against the Parts of France, and other Places, and to the good Will which he hath to travail to keep his Realm, and maintain his Wars, and to purchase his Rights: They have granted to him the ix. Lamb, the ix. Fleece, and the ix. Sheaf, to be taken by Two Years then next to come. And of Cities and Boroughs the very ix. Part of all their Goods and Chattels, to be taken and levied by lawful and reasonable Tax by the same Two Years, in Aid of the good keep.ing of this Realm, as well by Land as by Sea, and of his Wars, as well against the Parts of Scotland, (6) the Parts of France, Gascoyne, and elsewhere. And in Right of Merchants foreign, which dwell not in the Cities nor Boroughs, and also of other People that dwell in Forests and Wastes, and all other that live not ot their [Gain nor Store,7] by the good Advice of them which shall be deputed Taxers, (8) shall be set lawfully at the Value to the Fifteen, without being unreasonably

1 for 4 Debts,

5 and good establishments above written, MS. Tr. 2.

* as against

Dliajge9 or their Store of S bee ft H they

Item est assentuz 5 les n'vean^ -

& passent p pays, seient faites p earram . demroÇ

as m,* <j ferrom le, pVeances, £ ,u*

mem con.enuz, qils ãe p.,oirat ne\. ' "'>**-

dour,, & p k bon gree ães ÇãdoÈR: * * ~ voiHe nens pndre, p colour de sa com J "

cest establissement, ne ne soil nul tenuz cT fT* lrn, plus avant, q sil neust nulle comission ¥ q sra enst achate & p'veu, soit paiement 4 * * dour, avant ce q le Roi passe hors de la ft- gÕntz p'veances a faire, come des chars ?

autrs vittailles pÕ les guerres le Roi, & J ses 5"".

& villes vittailler en Escoce, EngletYe & aiU0-8 ^ dtems marchantz, ou bones gentz deputez plejª rer, a faire les dites pÕveances, sanz comission poair du Roi ou dautre; ensi q le poeple, ou ascun de eux, ne ne son mys a vendre riens centre lo' Kree & volente. Et q nul comission soit faite au gardein des Chtvals le Roi, p le Roi, ne p le viscount, ne p auA de faire p'veance p' les Chivals le Roi; mes souie. ment soit mande au viscount qil face les p'veances p lui & p les seons des issues de sa baillie, & q \e nombre des Chivals, p' queux il ferra tieu p'veance, soit contenu en son dit mandement, et q nulle p'veance soit faite outre cel nombre; sauve q le chief gardein eit un hakeney, et qil p>igne garde q le pais ne soit my charge des plus q gardent les Chivals, forsq pr chescun chival un garceon sanz menir femes, pages, ou chiens ovesq, eux; et si plus soient trovez dqnorantz en charge du pays, soient menez a la prisone a de- morir illeoqs tanq, le Roi mande sa volente. En mesme la manle soit mande a viscount, qil face les p'veances p' les chiens le Roi, des issues de sa baillie, p la ou ils dem'ront; et qe tieles p'veances se facent p null autre forsqs p viscont; et soit contenuz en son mande.ment le nombre des chiens p' queux il ferra p'veance, outre queu nombre null p'veance soit fait, issint qils vivent de lour cÕtein sanz chargier le pais. Et si nul se sent greve contre cest establissement, qil eit son re.cover devs le viscount, de tieu grevance a luy faite.

Et p' les gÒntz relees & pdons des dettes, chateux des felons & de futifs, & moultz des autrs choses, & bons establissementz desus escriptz, q le Roi ad g*nte as Prelatz, Contes, Barons, & a toutz les coes de son roialme, p' leese de eux ppetuelement adurer, les ditz Prelatz Contes Barons & touz les coes du roialme, uniement de un assent, & de un bone volen > eiantz regard a la bone volonte q le Roi lo eg lige ad dev*s eux, & a les gÕntz fvalx qil ad fait & sustenu, aussibien en ses guerres Descoce come les pties de Pnce & aillo's, & a la bone volonte q

mein-

ad a tÕvailler p' son roialme garder, ses guerres tenir, & ses droit'es p'chaser; si ont ils g tea le noefisme aignel, le noefisme toyson, & a ^ ^ garbe, a p>ndre p deux ans Psche'^ ^ biens

Citees & Burghs le &ai noefisme p

& chatelx ap>ndre & lever p lo.al & de

mesmes les deux ans, en el e e ^ de ses

son roialme, aussibien p tVe come p mee , ^

guerres aussibien de$s les pties Çc ^ endroit les pties de Pnce, Gascoigne, ai . en citees des marchantz foreins, q ne demoe P ^moerent en

vivent

de

les pties de Pnce, Gascoigne, & aillo's.

hantz foreins, q ne demoerent pr nen Burghs, & auxint des auVs gentz M ^ forestes, gastines, & touz autis 4 P . ã bon avis de

Ior gaynerie, ou de lo' estor es Õloia|meDta la

ceux q sont deputez taxo's, seie" Enablement pis* value au quinzisme, sanz estre

Go

S

S

s

s

s

s

lkS

n

¥NÈi

8^

¥ft

¥Pfci

*lii

*fc

4fj!

lÈÇi

a jbi !Ç

IÈU

ilia

161Ç

bji

ina

am

tm

i Eiu idtn :iki ms hdai b*(!

ÇÇ

B,ki

4*

a*

jii

fÈ

l*11

tJtf

BkÈ

d>

j |ji Anno

xiiij-

et

t**

in#

charged ; and it is not the Intent of the King, nor of other great Men, nor the Commons, that by this Grant made to the King of Fifteens, the poor [borail People,'] nor other that live of their bodily Travel, shall be comprised within the 'lax of the said Fifteens, but shall be discharged by the Advice of them which be de.puted Taxers, and of the great Men which be deputed Surveyors.

ITEM, Though the Commons of the Realm did pray the King, that he would by Assent of the Parliament grant and stablish, that never should be taken more Custom of a Sack of Wool than half a Mark, nor of Lead, nor Tin, Leather, nor Wool-fells, but the old Custom : Nevertheless the King [prayeth *] the Pre.lates, Earls, Barons, and all the Commonalty, for the great Business which he hath now in hand as they well know, that they would grant to him some Aid upon the Wools, Leather, Wool-fells, and other Merchan.dises, to endure for a small Season ; Whereupon Deli.beration had, the said Prelates, Earls, Barons, and Com.mons of his Realm, hath granted to him Forty Shillings to be taken of every Sack of Wool, and Forty Shil.lings of every Three hundred Wool-fells, and Forty Shil.lings of every Last of Leather, and other Merchandises that pass beyond the Sea, after the Rate; and to begin at the Feast of Easter, in the xiiii. Year of his Reign, and to endure till the Feast of Pentecost, then next fol.lowing, and front that Feast till the Feast of Pentecost [then next following into a Year.1] And for this Grant, the King by the assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and all other assembled in Parliament, hath granted, that from the Feast of Pentecost, [which cometh into one Year,'] he nor his Heirs shall not demand, assess, nor take, nor suffer to be taken more Custom of a Sack of Wool of any Englishman, but half a Mark (5) only ; and upon the Wool-fells and Leather the old Custom ; and the Sack ought to contain xxvi. Stones, and every Stone xiiii. li. And that evety Man that shippeth Wools over the Sea, Englishman or other, resiant, inhabiting or repairing in England, shall find good and sufficient Surety to the Customers before his passing, to bring again, of every Sack of Wool, Plate of Silver, to the Value of Two Marks at his first return or repairing, and to bring the same Plate to the KingÕs Exchange, and there to receive his Money. And that none cocket Wools, but in the Name of him that shall be Owner of the same ; and if any be found otherwise cocketted, they shall be taken in the KingÕs Hands as forfeit. And this Stablishment lawfully to be holden and kept, the King hath promised in the presence of the (t) Earls, Barons, and other in his Parliament, no more to charge, set, or assess, upon the Custom, but in the Manner as afore is said. In the same Manner the Prelates, Earls, and Barons, have promised lawfully, as much as in them is, that they shall procure the King, as much as they may, to hold the same ; and that they shall in no wise assent to the contrary, if it be not by assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and Commons of the Realm, and that in full Parliament. And for the more greater Surety, and to give cause to all to eschew to counsel to the contrary of [this Ordinance,7] the Prelates have promised to give Sentence upon all them that come against the same in any Point.

1 Comuners MS. Tr. 2. * prayed MS. 7V. 2.

3 then next ensuing in an whole year 1tyS. Tr. 2.

* that cometh in a year MS. Tr. 2. 5 of Custom

6 Prelates ' this point established, MS.Tr.2.

XXI

A Subsidy granted to

the King on Wool, Wool- frill, and other

Merchandise exported, for a certain Period.

The old Custom only to be taken afterwards.

Exporters of Wool shall give Surety to import Silver in Return.

Cocketing

Wools.

No other Custom shall be levied but by assent of Parliament.

avant chargez; & nest pas Ientent le Roi ne des auts gÒntz 8c coes, q p ray cele gÔnt, fait au Roi du quin- zisme, les poures cotiers, ne autrs q vivent de tÕvaill de lo' corps, soient compris dedinz le tax du dite quin- zisme, einz soint deschargiez p lavis de ceux q sont deputez taxo's, & des g"ntz q sont depute;: s'vcours.

Et coment q les cues du Roialme prierent au Roi, qil vousist p assent du plement g'nter Sc establir, q james ne feust pris plus de custume dun sak de leiite, q un demy mark, ne de plum, esteym, quirs ne peal?: lanutz, forsq, launciene custume, nep'qÕnt le Roi pria as Pre- latz, Contes, Barons, 8c as toux les cbes, q p7 - - grosses busoignes qil avoit ore ent meins, come ils bien sa- voient, qils lui vousissent gÕntier ascun eide, sr les leines, quirs, pealx lanutz, 8c autres marchandises a durer un piece; s' quoi, eu delibacion, les ditz Prelatz Contes Barons & coes de son roialme, lui ont gÕnte quarante souldz, a p*ndre de chescun sak de leine, & quarante souldz de chescun trois Centz pealx lanutz, 8c de ches.cun last de quirs quarant soldz, & dautis marchandises a la ferant, q passeront outre meer ; & a comencier a la feste du Pascti en lan du regne le Roi qorest quator- zisme, 8c a durer tanq, a la feste de Pentecost pÕsehein seuant, & de cel fest [tanq, al fest'] de Pentecost pschein seuant en un an. Et p' cel g nt, le Roi p assent des Prelatz Contes Barons & touz auts assemblez a son plement, si ad gÕnte, q de la feste de Pentecost q vient en un an, lui ne ses heirs nene demanderont, ne asser- ront, ne pYidront, nene soeffrent estre pris, plus de cus- tume de un sak de leine, de null engleys, forsq^ un demy marc de custume tantsoulement; Sc s' pealx, 8c quirs launcien custume : & deit le sak contenir vynt & sys pieres, 8c chescun piere quatorze livs. Et q chescun q passera leynes as pties de dela, engleys ou autre, reseant, habitant ou repeirant en Engletre, troesse bone & suffisant seurte as custumers, avant son passer, de repoter de chescune sak de leine, plate dargent a la value de deux marcs, a son [primer1] retoumir ou re- peirir, 8c mesme la (J) porte a leschange le Roi, 8c illoeqs receive ses deniers. Et q nul ne cokette leynes, forsq, en le noun de celui a qi celles leines sront; 8c si nulles leines soient trovez autrement cokettez, soient pris en la main le Roi come forfaitz. Et a cest establissement lealment tenir 8c garder, si ad le Roi p*mys en la p>sence des Prelatz, Contes, Barons, 8; auts en son plein plement, sanz plus de charge mettre, ou asseer, s' la coustume forsq, en maSe come est susdit. Et en mesme la maSe les Prelatz, Contes, Barons, ont leal.ment pniys tant come en eux est, qils peureront le Roi, tant come ils pount, a le tenir ; et q en null mane, ils ne assenteront au cont'ire, si ce ne soit p assent des Prelatz, Contes, Barons, 8c coes de son roialme, 8c ce en plein plement. Et p' plus g'nde seurte, 8c a doner cause a toux de eschuire a conseiller au contÕire de ce point destablissement, si ount les Prelatz p'mys a doner sen.tence s' touz ceux q viegnent al encountre en nul poynt.

, | Interlined on the Roll. J plate St. 14 8.3. 2. c. 4.

Ex mag. Rot. Stat. in Titrr. Land. m. 21.

EDWARD p la g'ce de Dieu Roi Dengletre 8c de France, 8c Seign' Dirlaunde, a touz ceux as queux cestes tres vendront, salutz. Sachiez q come Prelatz, Contes, Barons, 8c coes de nre roialme Den- gletYe, en nre present plement somons a Westmonstier, le Meskerdy p^schein af?s le dymeigne en demy qua- resme, Lan de nre regne Dengletre qatorzisme, 8c de France primer, nous aient g'ntez de lo' bone gree 8c de bone volente, en eide del exploit de noz grosses

Statute the Second.

EDWARD, By the Grace of God, [8cc. to all 1 them, 8cc.'] Greeting. Know Ye, that Whereas the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and Commons of our Realm of England, in our present Parliament holden at Westminster the Wednesday next after the Sunday of Middle Lent, the fourteenth year of our Reign of England, and the first of France, have granted to us of their good Gree and good Will, in aid of the speed of our

' King of England and of France* and Lord of Ireland* to nil to whom these Letters shall come.

The Subsidy preceding shall not be had in example.

AU Charges shall be by

common Assent in Parliament. The Subsidy appropriated to the

Safeguard of the Realm,

Ac.

II.

Magna Carta 25 Edxu. /. f-3¡-

Safe-conduft, &c. for Alien Merchants.

Saving for Franchises of Cities and Boroughs.

great Business which we have to do, as well on this side the Sea as beyond, the Ninth Sheaf, the Ninth Fleece, and the Ninth Lamb, to be taken by two years next coming after the making of the same, and the [Cities '] and the Burgesses of Boroughs, the very Ninth Part of all their Goods; and the Foreign Merchants, and other, which live not of [Gain,3]] nor of Store of Sheep, the Fifteenth of their Goods lawfully to the Value : We, willing to provide for the indemnity of the said Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other of the Commu- nalty, and also of (*) Citizens, Burgesses, and Merchants aforesaid, will and grant for us and our Heirs, to the same Prelates, Earls, Barons and Commons, Citizens, Burgesses and Merchants, that the same Grant which is so chargeable, shall not another time [be had5] in example, nor fall to their prejudice in time to come; nor that they be from henceforth charged nor grieved to make [any6] Aid, or to sustain Charge, if it be not by the common assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men, and Commons of our said Realm of England, and that in the Parliament; and that all the profits rising of the said Aid, and of Wards and Marriages, Customs and Escheats, and other profits rising of the said Realm of England, shall be put and spent upon the Maintenance [and7] the Safeguard of our said Realm of England, and of our Wars in Scotland, France, and Gascoign, and in no places elsewhere during the said Wars.

* Citizens of Cities MS.Tr. 2. 1 Tillage

4 the 3 be had forth

6 common 7 of

ITEM, Where it is contained in the Great Charter, That all Merchants shall have safe and sure Condud to go out of our Realm of England, and to come and abide, and go through the Realm of England, as well by Water as by Land, and to buy and sell, paying their [Rights and Customs,8] but in the Time of War ; We, at the request of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and Com.mons, will and grant for us and for our Heirs and Suc.cessors, That all Merchants, Denizens and Foreigners, except those which be of our enmity, may without let safely come into the said Realm of England with their Goods and Merchandises, and safely tarry, and safely return, paying the Customs, Subsidies, and other profits reasonably thereof due; so always, that Franchises and free Customs reasonably granted by us and our Ances.tors to the City of London, and other Cities, Boroughs, and good Towns of our Realm of England, be to them saved.

" rightful Cujtomj

III.

f Statute 111. Hawlito,Sec] Confirmation of preceding Statute, as to Pardons of Chattels of Felons,

&c.

AND also, at the Request of the said Prelates, Earls, Barons, Commons, Citizens, Burgesses, and Merchants, hav.ing regard to the Aid which they have granted unto Us in manner aforesaid, We have pardoned and released, and do pardon and release unto them Chattels of Felons and Fugi.tives, Escape of Prisoners, Fines, Issues, Forfeits, and Amer.ciaments of Murders, and all manner of Trespasses of the Forest, as well of sowing their ground, as of Vert and Ve.nison, Waste, and other Trespasses whatsoever, done within the Forest, adjudged or to be adjudged, Reliefs and Es- cuages, until the time of our passage towards Brabant; that is to say, the sixteenth day of July, in the twelfth year of our Reign. And likewise Aids to make our Son Knight, and to marry our Daughter, for all our Time. And likewise We have pardoned and released, and do pardon and release unto them, for us and for our Heirs and Successors, all manner of Debts, Accounts, and Arrearages of Ferms and of Accounts, in any manner due to us, as well of the time of our Progeni.tors as of our own time, till the beginning of the tenth year of oiir Reign of England : And We have granted to the said Prelates, Earls, Barons, and Commons, that the Debts deter.mined at the Exchequer before our time, and also the Debts determined at the same Exchequer in our time, of the old Debts due before our time, be extinff, and pardoned, and re.leased for ever; so always that the determinations made of

busoignes queles nous avons a faire, auxi bien de cea la meer come p dela, la noefisme garbe le noefisme tuyson & le noefisme aignel a jVndre p deux annz pscheins avenir ap>s la feisance de cestes, & les Citeyns des Citeez, & Burgeys de Burghs, la vVoi noefisme de toutz lour biens, & les marchantz foreyns & au?s 3 ne vivent poynt de gaynerie ne destore des berbiz le quinzisme de lor biens loialment a la value: Nous voil- lantz p'voier al indempnite des ditz Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & au?s de la dite coalte, & auxint des CiteynsÕ Burgeys & Marchantz susditz, voilloms & grantoms, pÕ nous & p' noz heirs, as mesmes les Prelatz Countes Barouns & coes, Citeyns, Burgeys & marchantz, q ce g*nt q est si chargeant ne soit autVoitz trette en ensaumple, ne ne chete a eux en p>judice en temps avenir; ne q eux soient desore chargiez ne grevez de coe eide faire, ou charge sustenir, si ce ne soit p coe assent des Prelatz, Countes, Barouns, & au?s g*mz & coes de nre dit Roialme DengletVe, & ce en pie. ment; et q touz les pfitz sourdantz du dit eide, & des gardes, manages, Custumes, Eschetes Sc au?s pfitz s'dantz du Roialme DengletVe, soient mys & despenduz sur la meintenance de la sauve garde de nre dit Roi- alme DengletVe, & de nos guerres Descoce, France, k Gascoigne, & null part aillo's, durantz les dites guerres.

Et come y soit contenuz en la g*nde dire q toutz marchantz eient sauve & seure conduyt daler horsde nre Roialme [DengletVe,'] & de y venir & dem'er& aler p my le Roialme DengletVe auxibien p tVe come p ewe, a achatre & vendre, paiantz lour dreit'es cus.tumes forspris en temps de guerre; Nous a la request des ditz Prelatz, Countes, Barouns, & coes, vo- loms & g*ntoms pr nous & pr noz heirs & succes- sures q touz marchantz denzeins & foreins forspris ceux q sont de nre enemite, puissent sanz estre de- stourbe sauvement venir en le dit Roialme Dengletre, od lour biens & marchandises & sauvement demÕer & sauvement ret'ner, paiantz les custumes subsidz & au?s pfites resonablement ent dues; issint toutes foitz q les fraunchises & franches custumes resona.blement g*ntez p nous & p noz auncestrs a la Citee de Loundres, & auVs Citees, Burghs, & bones villes de nre dit Roialme Dengletre, lour soient sauveez.

Et auxint a la request des ditz Prelatz, Countes, Barons, coes, Citeyns, Burgeys & marchantz, eiant re.gard al eide qils nous ount grauntez en la mane susdite, les avons pdonez & relessez, pdonons & re.lessons, chateux des felons & des futifs, eschape des prisones, fines, issues, forfaitz, & aificimentz de mur- dres, totes marils des trespass de la Forest, auxibien de enbleyour come de Qt & de veneyson, wast & qcumqes auts trespas faitz deinz la Foreste, juggez ou a jugger, releves, escuages, tant q au temps de nre passage evs Brabant, cest assavoir le xvj jor de Juyl Lan e nre regne douzisme. Et auxint eides pr faire nre fitz Chi- valer & nre file marier p' tout nre temps. Et auxint les avoms pdonez & relessez, pdonons & relessons, p' nouz & p' noz heirs & successours, toutes marie des dettes acomptes & arrerages des femes & comptes a nous dues en quecumqe mak, aux^nde temps de noz pgenitours come de me temp*

tanq^au comencement del an de^,^Countes, Ba- disme: & avoms g*ntez as ditz Prela , C

rons 4 cfe q fa. *.È

nre temps, & aussi les dettes a avant nfe

cheqer en nre temps des aunciens e p- touz

temps, soient anentiz & ^¡nJminemenU faitz des jours, ensi totes foitz q

Õ Interlined on the R¡

S

*<*

i*i:

*4

i#|i

Ç*

Ail

<ife,

faÈ

itii

kl

ife:

(fil

fl?:j

fen

,ltm

sic

sis

CCI

this

K#Õ n . i

::': nil m* JR

si'

ill

sets

aš1

oil

5š.

iÇR

.>?

ft-i

||l!

H

i*

c*

*È

W

S?

S*

if

I*

dettes duz a nous, & sourdantz de nre temps demeigne, estoisent en lor force; & q les viscountes, EschetÕs, fenSs des Manoirs, taxours, custuiSs, vittaillers & au?s resceivours de noz biens & deners de nfe temps q unqore sont en vie, respoignent des biens & deniers queux ils ont levez & resceuz a nfe oeps, sanz ceo qils soient en au? maSe chargez fors soulement de ce qils ount resceuz ; mes q les heirs, executours & tYe tenantz de tieux ma8s des ministers & receivours, q sont mortz, soient quitement deschargez des totes ma9s dacomptes & dettes,- les queux nous pooms demander p cause des leveez & resceites avantdites, tanq, al comence- ment del an disme susdit. Et q ceux q devent a nous dettes dap*st, & voillent acompter od nous, q mesme la some dapst soil allowe a nous en lour acompt, & s' eux charge come chose resceu p nfe mein, nient contreesteant lestatut sr ce fait en cest p'sent plement.

Et come les dit/. Prelatz, Countes, Barouns & coes, p'- - grosses busoignes q nous avoms ore en?meyns, nous eient a nfe request g*ntez q no9 p>ignoms de chescun sak de leyne q passera outre meer entre cy & la fest de Pentecost p'schein avenir, & de meisme la fest tanqs al fest de Pentecost p'schein suyant, quarant soldz, & de trois Centz pealx lanutz quarant soldz, & de un last de quirs quarant soldz : Nous pr ceo gÔunt p assent

des avantditz Prelatz Countes Barons & toutz au'Ps assemblez a nfe dit plement, avoms g*nte q de la dit fest de Pentecost q vendra en un an, nous, ne noz heirs heirs ne demanderoms, ne asserroms ne fandoms nene ferroms p>ndre plus de custume de un sak de leyne de null Engleys forq^ un di marc ; & de trois centz pealx lanutz di marc; & de un last des quirs un marc de custume tantsoulement: & doit le sak contenir vynt & sys peres & chescun peer quatorze livres: et q chescun q passera leynes as pties de dela, Engleys ou autre, reseant habitant ou repeiraunt en Engletre, troesse bone & suffisaunt seurte as custom's avant son passer, de report de chescun sak de leyne plate dargent, a la value de deux marcs, dedeinz les trois moys q les leynes ensi chargez passeront hors du port; & mesme la plate porte al eschaunge le Roi, & illoeqs resceive ses diners, cest assavoir deux marcs : et q les CustunJs des portz ou les leynes se chargeront pnont de ceaux en qi noun les leynes sront chargeez, tiele seurte pr quele ils voudront respoundre, de repoter plate en la fourme susdite: et qils ?tifient les gardeins des es- chaunges le Roi a le Toure de Londs, trois foitz p an, cest assa9 a la Nativite de Seint Johan le Baptistf, a la toutz seintz, & a la Purificacion de nfe dame, des nouns de touz ceux q averont trovez tiele seurte & de nombre des saks qils avbnt chargiez ; & en cas q le dit gardein nav*a resceu plate en la fourme susdite de ceux dont la edification lui vendra a la Seint Johan, avant la toutz seintz p'schein suyant, adunqs ent edi- fiez les Tresorer & Barons del Escheqer & les ditz Tresorer & Barons, resceu la edification du dit gar.dein, facent outre tiel pees q la plate soit porte a les eschaunges en la fourme susdite auxibien contre les CustutQs come contre ceaux q tiel seurte aPont tro.vez & naPont pas reporte la plate coine desus est dit : & en mesme la mane soit fait a la Purificacion, de edification faite au dit gardein a la toutz seintz de- vant; et auxint a la Seint Johan de la cdificacion faite a lui p mesmes les Custunds a la Purificacion devant; et ensi de temps en temps as tmes susditz. Et q nul ne cokette leynes forsqe en le noun de celui a qi celles leines sront, & si nulles leynes soient trovez aufment cokettez, soient pris en la main le Roi come forfaites. Et coment q plusurs des articles susescritz soient compris deinz lestatut fait en mesme cest plement p coe assent nient meyns pr monstrer les clerement &

Debts due to Us, and rising of our own time, shall stand in their force; and that the Sheriffs, Escheators, Fermors of Manors, Taxers, Customers, Vitailers, and other Receivers of our Goods and Money in our time, which yet be in life, shall answer of the Goods and of the Money which they have levied and received to our use, without that that they shall be in other manner charged, but only of that that they have received: But that the Heirs, Executors, and Land-tenants of such Ministers and Receivers, which be dead, shall be fully discharged of all manner of Accounts and Debts that We can demand, by occasion of the Levyings and Receipts afore.said, till the beginning of the tenth year abovesaid. And that such as do owe Us Debts of any Loan, and will account with Us, that the Sum of Loan shall be allowed to Us in their account, and charged upon them as a thing received by our hand, notwithstanding the statute thereupon made in this present Parliament.

AND Whereas the said Prelates, Earls, Barons, and Com.mons, for the great business which We have now in hand, have, at our request, granted unto Us that We might take of every Sack of Wool that shall pass beyond sea, between this and the Feast of Pentecost next coming, and from the same Feast until the Feast of Pentecost then next following, forty shillings; and of every three hundred woolfells, forty shillings; and of a last of Leather, forty shillings; We, for this grant, by the assent of the aforesaid Prelates, Earls, Ba.rons, and all other assembled at our said Parliament, have granted, that from the said Feast of Pentecost, in the year following, We nor our Heirs shall not demand, assess, nor take, nor cause to be taken, more custom of a Sack of Wool, of any Englishman, but Half a Mark; and of three hundred Woolfells, Half a Mark ; and of a Last of Leather, one Mark of Custom only ; and the Sack ought to contain twenty-six stones, and each stone fourteen pounds: and that every Man that shippeth Wools over the sea, Englishman ot other, resiant, inhabiting, or repairing in England, shall find good and sufficient surety to the Customers, before his passing, to bring again, of every Sack of Wool, Plate of Silver to the value of two Marks, within the three months after the Wools so shipped shall pass out of the Port; and the same Plate shall bring to the King's Exchange, and there receive his mo.ney, that is to say, two Marks: And that the Customers of the Ports where the Wools shall be shipped shall take of them in whose name the Wools shall be shipped, such surety as they will answer for, to bring back Plate in the form afore.said : And that they shall certify the Wardens of the KingÕs

Exchange at the Tower of London threeÔtimes in the year, that is to say, at the Nativity of St. John the Baptist, at All Saints Day, and at the Purification of our Lady, of the Names of all those who shall have found such surety, and of the number of Sacks which they shall have shipped : And in case that the said Warden shall not have received plate in the form aforesaid, from those of whom a certificate shall come to him at St. John's Day, before the day of All Saints next after, then he shall thereof certify the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer ; and the said Treasurer and Barons, upon receipt of the certificate of the said Warden, shall issue forth such process as may cause the Plate to be brought to the Exchanges, in form aforesaid, as well against the Customers as against them who shall have found such surety, and shall not have brought back the Plate, as above is said: And in like manner they shall proceed at the Purifica.tion upon the certificate made to the said Warden at the All Saints Day before; and likewise at St. John's Day, upon the certificate made to him by the same Customers at the Purification before ; and so from time to time at the terms aforesaid. And that none cocket Wools but in the name of him that shall be Owner of the same ; and if any Wools be found otherwise cocketed, they shall be taken into the KingÕs hand as forfeit. And albeit many of the Articles above written are comprised in the Statute made in this same Par.liament by common assent, nevertheless, in order to shew

IV.

The Custom upon Wool and Leather after the Expiration of the Subsidy.

Contents of the Sack.

Exporters of Wool shall give Surety to import Silver in Return.

The Duty of Customers, at the Port.

The Duty of the Wardens of the KingÕs Exchange; and of the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer.

Cocketing

Wools.

VoL.I.

. E

them clearly and openly to the great Men and Commons aforesaid, to the end that every one may have knowledge of the graces and acquittances which We have made and granted unto them in this behalf, We have, at the request of the said great Men and Commons, caused them again to be put into these our present Letters Patent.

Given at Westminster, the sixteenth day of April, in the fourteenth year of our reign of England, and the first of our reign of France.

ovVement as g*untez & as coes susditz, ensi q chescun p'ra avoir conisaunce des g*ces & quitances queles nous les avoms fait & g*unte en celle ptie, a la request des dit g*ntz & coes les avoms foil autrefoith mettre en cestes noz Psentes tres ovVes. Don a Westmonster le xvj jour Daverill, Lan de nre regne Denglefe quator- zisme, & de nre regne de France primer.

[Statute V. Hawkins,ts.c.~\ [Statute IV. Pynton, &C-]

The Realm and People of England never shall be subject to the Kings of England, as Kings of France.

Statute the Third.

[EDWARD, By the Grace of God, King of Eng.land and France, and Lord of Ireland, to all those which these Letters shall hear or see ;Ô] Greeting. Know Ye, That whereas some People do think, that by reason that the Realm of France is devolved to Us as right Heir of the same, and forasmuch as We be King of France, our Realm of England should be put in subjedlion of the King and of the Realm of France in time to come ; We, having regard to the estate of our Realm of England, and namely (Ò) that it never was nor ought to be in subje&ion, nor in the obeisance of the Kings of France, which for the time have been, nor of the Realm of France, and willing to provide for the surety and defence of the (!) Realm of England, and of our liege People of the same; will and grant and stablish for Us, and for our Heirs and Successors, by assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and Commons of our Realm of England, in this our present Parliament summoned at Westminster the Wednesday next after the'Sunday in Middle Lent, the Fourteenth Year of our said Reign of our Realm of England, and the First of France, that by the cause or colour of that, that We be King of France, and that the said Realm to Us pertaineth, as afore is said, or that we cause Us to be named King of France in our Style, or that We have changed our [Seal,*] or our Arms, nor for the Commandments which we have made, or from henceforth shall make as King of France, our said Realm of England, nor the People of the same, of what Estate or Condition they be, shall not in any time to come be put in subjection nor in obeisance of us, nor of our Heirs nor Successors as Kings of France; [as afore is said, nor be subjedC] nor obedient, but shall be free and quit of all manner of subje&ion and obeisance aforesaid, as they were wont to be in the time of our Progenitors Kings of England, for ever. In Witness of which things, [&c.6] Dated at Westminster, [&c. the fourteenth year of our Reign of England, and the first of France.7]

1 The King, to all to whom there Lettert shall come ;

1 to this MS. Tr. 2. 3 said 4 Seals

Õ nor to Us, our Hein nor Successors, at King! of France, at afore it taid, shall be subjeS

6 We have to these pretent Letter! put our Seal.

1 the 16th Day of dpril, in the Tears of our Reign of England and France aforesaid.

LE Roi a toutz ceux as queux cestes p>sentez tres vendront, saluz. Sachietz q come ascuns gentz en- tendont, q p resoii q le Roialme de France est devolut a nous come droit heriter dycell, & p tant q nous sumes Roi de Pnce, nre Roialme Dengletre €roit mys en subjeccion du Roi & du Roialme de France, en temps avenir: Nous eiantz regard a lestat de nre dit Roialme Dengle?re, & meement a ce qele estoit unqes ne devW estre en subjeccion, nen obeissance des Roys de France, qi p' temps ont este, ne du Roialme de France, & voillantz p'veer a la seurte & immunite du dit Roialme DengletVe, et de noz liges gentz dycell; voloms & g'ntoms & establissoms pr no9 & pr noz heirs & successours, p assent des Prelatz, Countes, Barouns & coes de nre dit Roialme DengletVe en cest nre [Psent plement, somons a Westm le Meskerdy p*schein ap*s le dymeigne en my Quaresme, Lan de nre regne Dengletre quatorzisme, & de France primer, q p cause ou colour de ceo q [no9 Õ] soioms Roi de France, & q le dit Roialme no9 appartient come desus est dit, ou q no9 nous fesoms nomer Roi de France en nre estile, ou q no9 avoms change noz sealx, ou noz armes, ne pr mandementz q nous avoms fait ou ferroms desore enavant come Roi de France, nre dit roialme Dengle.tre, ne les gentz dycell de quel estat ou condicion qils soient ne soient en nul temps avenir mys en la sub.jeccion, ne obeissance de nous noz heirs ne succes.sours come Roys de France, ne a nous noz heirs ne successours come Roys de F*nce, come desus est dit, soient suggitz ne obeisantz, einz soient fraunches & quites des totes marJs de subjeccion & obeissance desus dites come ils soleient estre en temps de noz pgeni- tours Rois Dengle?re a toutz jours. En tesmoignance de quele chose a cestes p^sentes tres avoms mys nre seal. Don a Westm le xvj. jour DaVitt, les annz de nre regne Dengletre et de France susdit.

1 Interlined on the Roll.

[Statute IV. Hawkins,He.]

Statute the Fourth.

[Statute, III. I,1 DWARD, by the Grace of God, [&c.Ô] Greeting.

Pynton, &c.] j Know Ye, That whereas in the first Article of the Great Charter it is contained, that the Church of England be free, and have all her Rights entirely, and Franchises not blemished; and also in all the whole Establishments made, as well in times of our Progenitors as in our own time, the same Article is often ratified and confirmed: Nevertheless in our Parliament holden at Westminster the Wednesday next after the Sunday of Middle Lent, it is shewed unto us by the Reverend Father in God, John Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of (') England, and the other Prelates and Clergy of our Realm, how some Oppressions and Grievances be done in divers

Ô Ktng of England and of France, and Lord of Ireland, to all to whom these Letters shall come, 1 all

Ex mag. Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 20.

EDWARD p la g*ce de Dieu Roi Dengletre & de An *2j Franche, & Seign' Dirlaunde, as toutz ceux as queux cestes ires vendront, saluz. Sachiez q come en le primer article de la g'nt ctsre soit contenu qLes- glise DengletVe soit fraunke, & eit totes ses droit es entiers & ses franchises nient blemiz; et aussi en tut plein des establissementz faitz auxibien en temps de noz pgenitours come en nre temps, si est mesme larticle sovent ratifie & afferme; ne p q nt en n p ment tenuz a Westm le Meskerdy en my qua si nous est monstre p Lon'able piere en ieu n vesq, de CantWs, Primal de tote Engletre, es Prelatz & le Clerge de nre roialme, moment

V. Çnnt faites en div's manes, p

ascuns [noz'] ministres, as gentz de seinte Eglise, countre lo' f*nchises la g'nt chre, & les estabiissementz avantditz, les quelles oppssions iis mistrent en peticion, en priant s' ceo remedie: p quoi no9, veue & regarde lo' dite peticion, & s' ceo eu delibacion ovesq, les pieres de nre Roialme, & auts de nre conseil &c du roialme somons a nre dit plement, & earn regarde a la g'nt cftre, & auts estabiissementz susditz, & a la requeste des ditz Prelatz & Clerge, qi molt nous ount eide & de jo' en autre le fount, p acord & assent des ditz peres, & de toutz auts somons & esteantz en nre dit plement, si avoms g'nte & g'ntons pr nous & pr noz heirs & successors, as ditz Prelatz & Clerge, les choses desouthescriptes pptuelment adurer; cest assa- voir q nul dep no9 ne dep autre, p comission du g'nt seal ne du petit, ne sanz comission, ne pigne riens des bledz, feyns, bestes, cariages, nautres biens des Ercevesqes, Evesqes, Abbees, Priours, Abbesses, Prioresses, psones, vikers, ou dauts gentz de Seinte Eglise, dedeinz lo' mansions, manoirs, granges ou auts lieux, dedeinz le fee de Seinte Eglise ne dehors, contre le gree & la volonte de ceux as queux les biens sront; & defendons q desore nulle tiele comission, desouthe le g'nt seal ne le petit en nulle maSe ne isse a nulle tiele prise faire; qar nous pnons les les ditz Prelatz & Clerge lo' possessions, biens & chatelx, en especiale pteccion & defense de nous & de noz heirs. Et aussi gÕntons p' no9 & pr noz heirs, q no9 ne char- gerons desore en avant null des ditz Prelatz ne du Clerge, ne lo' maisons de retenir ostages ne sojomantz Descoce ne dautre pais, ne noz Chivalx, ne chiens, faucons ne au?s oysealx de noz ne dautri, contre lo' gree & volente; sauvant a nous totes foitz les svices

5 nous sont dues de droit, de ceux q nous deivent le Vsvice de sustenir & retenir chiens, chivalx et oysealx.

Et p'ceo q p cause des temporaltez esteantz en nre main, ou en le main de noz aunces?s p reson des Er- ceveschees, Eveschees ou auts Prelacies voides, & aussi p cause des auts tres, teiiz, feez & avoesons, esteantz en nre main, ou en le main de noz auncesPs, p nounage des heirs, si ad este use avant ceste houre q excepcion de plenertee ne ne tient pas lieu dePs no9, ne dePs auscun de noz auncesPs, nient plus en cas la ou tieux p'sentementz nous furent devolutz en autri droit, q sils neussent este en nre droit demesne, ou en le droit de nre coronne, p quoi moltz des psouns & pvendres si furent oustez de lo' eglises pvendes & benefices, les queux ils avoient tenuz de g'nt temps, a g'nt meschief

6 empovissement de eux ; si voloms & g'ntoms pr no9 & p' noz heirs p' tieux meschiefs ouster, q desorena- vant nous ne noz heirs ne ne ferroms collacion ou p'sentement a eglise pvendre chapelle ou autre bene.fice, p cause de tieux voidances des Prelacies, ou des Pres des enfauntz deinz age, ou au?s venuz ou a venir en nre main, ou en la main de noz heires, si nous ou noz heirs ne faceoms noz collacions ou p'sentementz, dedeinz les trois annz a p's q tieux benefices ensi se voi- deront de fait; et q des tieux eglises & auts benefices des queux clercs sont en possession, & ont eu posses.sion p un an avant la feisance de cest estatut, nous ne noz heirs ne eioms accion ne reson a p'senter as tielx benefices ensi pleins. Et ne volons q nul home soit tenuz a respoundre a brief de Quare impedit pris en nre noun en tieu cas, si la collacion ou p'sentement ne ne soit fait deinz les trois anns a p's la voidance come est susdit. Et des tieux voidances avenuz en temps de noz auncesPs, nene soit desore nulle collacion ou p'sentement fait p nous, ne p noz heirs ; einz de accion p'ndre de tieux voidances si en soioms de tut quitement forclos.

1 Interlined on the Roll.

Manners by some of our Servants, to people of Holy Church, against [the Franchise of1] the Great Charter and the Establishments aforesaid, which Oppressions they shew in Petition, praying upon the same Remedy : Wherefore We, their Petition seen and regarded, and thereupon deliberation had with the Peers of our Realm, and other of our Council and of the Realm summoned to our said Parliament, and having regard to the Great Charter, and to other Statutes aforesaid, and at the request of the said Prelates and Clergy, which have much aided us, and daily do, by the assent and accord of the said Peers, and of all other summoned and being in our said Parliament, have granted and do grant for us and our Heirs and Successors, to the said Prelates and Clergy, the things underwritten perpetually to endure :

1 their Franchises

FIRST, That none by us, nor by other (*) Commis.sion of the Great Seal, nor of the Small, nor without Commission, shall take nothing of Com, Hay, Beasts, Carriage, nor other Goods of Archbishops, Bishops, Ab.bots, Priors, Abbesses, Prioresses, Parsons, Vicars, or of other People of Holy Church, (Õ) nor without, against the agreement and will of the Owners of the same Goods. And We do defend, that from henceforth no such Com.missions under the Great Seal, nor the Small, shall in anywise go forth for any Prises to be made : for We do take the said Prelates and Clergy, with their Possessions, Goods and Cattailes, into our especial Protection and Defence. Also we grant for us and our Heirs, that we shall not from henceforth charge any of the Prelates or Clergy, nor their Houses to receive [Guests,4] nor So.journers of Scotland, nor of other Country, nor our Horses nor Dogs, Falcons, nor other [Hawks1] of ours, nor others against their Gree and Will j Saving always to us the Services which be due to us of right, of them which owe to us the same Services, to sustain and re.ceive Dogs, Horses, or [Hawks.5]

Õ by a within their Houses, Manors,

Graunges, nor other places within the Fee of Holy Church,

* Hostages AIS. Tr. 2. È Birds MS. Tr. a.

ITEM, Because of the Temporalties being in our hands, or in the hands of our Ancestors, by reason of Archbishopricks, Bishopricks, or other Prelacies void, and also because of other lands, tenements, fees, and advowsons being in our hands and in the hands of our Ancestors, by nonage of Heirs, it hath been used before this time, that exception of Plenarty should hold no place against us, nor against any of our ances.tors, no more in case (6) such Presentments should be devolute to us in anotherÕs right, than if they had been in our own right, or in the right of our Crown, whereby many Parsons and Prebendaries were out of their Churches, Prebends, and Benefices, which they had long time holden, to their great mischief and impove.rishment : We will and grant for us and for our heirs, to avoid such mischiefs, that from henceforth we nor our heirs shall not make Collation or Presentment to any Church, Prebend, Chapel, or other Benefice, by the occasion of such Voidances of Prelacies, or of the lands of Infants within age, or of others, come or to come in our hands, or in the hands of our heirs, if we or our heirs do not make our Collations or Presentments within three years after that such Benefices do so of deed become void ; and that of such Churches and other Benefices, of which Clerks be in possession, and have had possession by a year before the making of this Statute, We nor our heirs shall have none action nor reason to present to such Benefices so full. And we will not that any man be holden to answer to any Writ of Quare Impedit taken in our name in such case, if the Collation or Presentment be not made within iii years after the Voidance as afore is said. And of such Voidances come in the time of our Ancestors, no Col.lation nor Presentment shall be from henceforth made by us nor by our heirs; but of any Aft ion to take of such Voidances we be wholly and quitely foreclosed.

4 where

I.

Purveyince of the Goods of Spiritual Persons.

The Clergy shall not be charged with Hostages, Horses, or Dogs.

II.

Presentment to Churches made by the King in another's Right.

The King shall not present in another's Right but within Three Years after Avoidance.

ni.

Ecclesiutical Temporalties shall not be seised without Cause.

IV.

Escheators, &c. shall keep Temporalties without doing Waste.

Deans and Chapters, Priors, &c. shall have Option of farming their Temporalties.

V.

Chancellor,

T reasurer, and others of the Council empowered to let the Temporalties of Bishops, &c.

Rent shall be reserved without Fine.

Saving of Knights- Fees, 8ic. to the King,

4D.1340,

ITEM, We will and grant for Us and for our Heirs, that from henceforth We nor our Heirs shall not take, nor cause to be taken into our hands, the Temporalties of Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, or other [People of Holy Church,1] of what estate or condition they be, without a true .and just Cause, according to the law oi the land, and judgement thereupon given.

1 Not ill Original, nor in MS. Tr. 2.

ITEM, Because that in the petition of the said Prelates and Clergy it is contained, that Escheators and other Keepers, in the time of vacation of Archbi- shopricks, Bishopricks, and other Prelacies, have done great waste and destruftion in the same in time past; We will and grant for Us and for our Heirs, that at all times front henceforth, when such voidances shall happen, that our Escheators, and the Escheators of our Heirs, which for the Time shall be, shall enter, and cause to be well kept the said Voidances, without doing waste or destruction in the Manors, [Warrens,1] Parks, Ponds, or Woods; and that they se.ll no Un.derwood, nor hunt in the Parks or Warrens, nor fish in Ponds, nor free Fishings, nor shall rack nor take Fines of the Tenants, free nor bond; but shall keep and save as much as pertaineth to the said voidances, without [doing harm3] or any manner of oppression. And if the Dean and Chapter of Churches Cathedral, Priors, Subpriors, Prioresses, Subprioresses, and Co.vents of Prelacies, Abbies, or Priories, whose voidance pertaineth to us and our Heirs, will render to us and our Heirs the value of the said voidance, as other will reasonably yield, then the Chancellor and Treasurer shall have power to let (4) the said Dean and Chapter, Prior or Subprior, Prioress or Subprioress, and Covent, the said voidances by good and sufficient surety, so that they shall have the same before all other, yielding to Us the value of them, according as shall be found by Remem.brances of the Exchequer, or by Inquest to be taken upon the same, if need be, without making fine. And in case they will not accord to yield to the value, nor find such Surety, then the Chancellor and Treasurer shall cause to be ordained the good preservation of such voidances by Escheators, or other sufficient Keepers, to answer the King of that to him pertaineth reafonably, without doing waste or destru&ion, or other thing which may turn in disherison of the Churches whereof such voidances shall happen.

4 Not in Original; nor in MS. Tr. 2.

3 there doing damage MS.Tr. 2. * to

ITEM, Wholly to shew the affection and good will which We have, that that pertaineth to God and Holy Church be safely kept without waste or destruction, or im.peachment [to be made thereof3] by us or our Ministers, we will, and by these present Letters do grant full power to our said Chancellor and Treasurer, which taking to them other ofourCouncil,such as to them shall seem best to be taken, by good Information of Remembrances of the Exchequer, and other Informations, as to them shall seem best, shall let the vacations of Archbishopricks, Bishopricks, Abbacies, Priories, and other Houses, whose [Voidances6] pertaineth unto us, to the Dean and Chapter, Prior or Subprior, Prioress or Subprioress, and Covent, to yield a certain of every voidance by the Year, Quarter, or Month, during the vacations, according as to them shall seem best, without making any fine; so that no Escheator nor other Minister, in the time of Vacations, shall have Cause (7) to enter, or meddle to do any thing which shall be in prejudice of the Churches whereof such voidances shall happen: Saving to Us and to our Heirs the Knights Fees, Ad- vowsons of Churches, Escheats, Wards, Marriages, Reliefs, and Services of the said Fees.

In Witness whereof We have made these our Letters Patents. Dated at Westminster the sixteenth of April, the fourteenth Year of our Reign of England and the first of France.

! Not in Original.

6 Voidance nor matter

Et voloms & g*ntons, p' nous & p- n . . desorenavant nous ne noz heirs ne ^

ferrons frdre en nre main, ,es Ercevesqes, Evesqes, Abbees, Prio's ou dS? * estat ou condicion qils soient, sanz $>roie & ' q cause, selonc ley de t>re & juggement s-

Et p' ceo q en la peticion des ditz Prelatz & pi s. est contenu q Eschet's & au?s gardeins, en terJE voidances des Erceveschees, Eveschees & au?s p . cies, si ont fait g*nt wast & destruccion cea en arere' si volons & g-ntons, p' nous & p' noz heirs, q a totes les foith q tieux voidances desorenavant avendront 5 noz Eschetours, & les Eschetours de noz heirs qÕp- temps sront, entrent & facent bien garder les ditã voidances, sanz faire wast ou destruccion en Manoirs Parks, viVs ou boys; & qils ne vendent suthbois nen chacent en Parks nen warennes, nen peschent v#s ne franches pescheries, ne ne gersonent ne pnont fins des tenauntz, fraunks ne bondes; einz facent garder & salver q*nq, appent a les dites voidances, sanz y faire damage ou auscun maSe des opp>ssions! Et si Dean & Chapitre des Eglises Cathedrales, Priours, Suppriours, Prioresses, supprioresses & Coventz des Pre.lacies, Abbeies, ou Priouries, des queux la voidance atient a nous & a noz heirs, voillent rendre a nous & a noz heirs la value des dites voidances aussi come au?s nous voillient rendre resonablement, adonqs eient Chanceller & Tresorer poair de lesser, as ditz Dean & Chapitre, Priour ou Suppriour, Prioresses, Supprioresses & Covent, les dites voidances p bone & suffisante seu- rete, ensi qils les eient devant toutz au?s, rendant a nous la value, selonc ceo q €ra trove p remem- braunce de Lescheqer, ou p enquest s' ceo a pndre si mestir soit, saunz fin faire. Et en cas qils ne se voil- lent acorder a rendre la value, ne a trover dele seurete, adonqs Chancett & Tresorer facent ordiner la bone garder de tieux voidances p Eschetours, ou auPs gardeins suffisantz pr respondre au Roi de ceo q a lui attient resonablement, saunz faire wast ou de.struccion, ou autre chose q pÕra tourner a desheri- tance des eglises, dont tieux voidances avendront.

Et p' entierement monstrer laffeccion & volente q nous avons, q ceo q apptient a dieux & a seinte eglise soit sauvement garde, sanz wast, destruccion, ou empe- chement de no9 ou de noz ministres; si voloms, et p cestes noz p>sentes tres g*ntons, plein poair a nre Chanceller & Tresorer, q pris a eux aurs de nre conseil tieux come ils verront q fount apndre p bone informacion des remembrances del Escheqer, & aurs informacions tieux come meltz lo' semblera, si les- sent les vacacions des Erceveschies, Eveschies, Abbeies, Priories & auPs maisons dont la voidance a no app.tient, as Dean & Chapitres, Priours ou suppriours, Pnou- resses ou suppriouresses, & Coventz a ctein, a ren re de chescun voidance, p Ian, quart5, ou moys durantes les vacacions, selonc ceo q mieltz lo1 semblera, sans fyn faire ; si q nul Eschetour ou autre mm.stre entraps de vacacion neit cause ne marire dentrer, ou e

, to. Hen <i to en ftudice *¥ Egte Ç tieux voidances avendront: Sauvez a nous & a nos heirs fees des Chivalers, avoesons des esghses Ç h , wardes, manages & relefes & ^v.cesto ^

En tesmoignance de quele chose^a c

mys nre seal. _D¡n a^ WestmJejJJ ^ ^ ^

Dengue quatorzisme

regne de France primer

H

Anno 15¡ EDWARDI III.

A.D.1341.

fc.

% s s

SIM qd istud 3vtutÈ revocatu i ; pdnm Kege ' paiet f tenorc '^iuda bris **! jÔÈÇuUti in dorso rotuli.

SÈi: A" xv".

È* lb

I

j È b b t È

I

n

i 3

I

I

I!

J

t

j

i

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 19.

NOSTRE Seygn' le Roy Edward tierz ap*s le conquest, a son plement tenutz a Weistmonstier a la quinseyne de Pasche, Ian de son regne quinsisme, desirant q la pees de la ?re & les leis & les estatutz avant ses houres ordeines soient gardes & meintenus en toutz pointz, al honour de dieux & de seint esglise & al comu pfit du poeple, p assent des Prelatz, Countes & Barouns & autres g*ntz & de tote la coe du Roialme Dengletre al dit plement somonz, ordeina & establist en mesme le plement les articles southescriptes, les queux il voet & g*nte pr luy 8c pr ses heires qils soient fermementz gardez & tenutz a toutz jours.

En p'mes est acorde 8c assentu, qe la fraunchise de seint esglise Sc la G"nt Chartre Sc la Chartre de la Forest, & les autres estatutz faites p nr dit seignr le Roy & ses pgenitours, Piers & la coe de la tre, pÕ coun pfit du poeple, soient fermementz gardez Sc maingtenuz en toutz pointz. Et si rienz desore soit fait countre la Gbit Chartre 8c la Charter de la Forest soit desclare en pschein plement, 8c p les Piers de la tere duementz redressez. Et si nul de quele condicion qii soit "rienz face al encountre, estoise al jugement des pieres en pschein plement, et issint de plement en plement, auxibien des fraunchises usees come de icelles q sront ore gantez. Et qe les fraunchises g"ntes p nr seygn' le Roy ou ses pgenitoures, a seinte esglise, as pieres de la tre, a la Citee de Loundres, 8c as autres Citees 8c Borghs, 8c a ceux de cink portz, & a la coe de la ?re, Sc toutz lour fraunchises 8c fraunches cus- tumes soient maintenuz en toutz pointz, s'ntz rien faire al encontre. Et qe briefs demaundez dav' allowaunce des chartres, fraunchises 8c custumes, 8c chartres des pdouns de dettes, & de toutes autres choses gbitez p le Roi 8c p ses pgenitours av*t ses houres, soient fraunche- mentz gÒntez, santz desturbaunce devant quecumqes Justices ou autres Ministres, ou il busoigne davoire al.lowaunce, et soient faites quites en le Escheker St aillours.

Item p' ceo q avant ses houres, Piers de la tVe ount este arestutz St emp'sonnez, 8t lour tempaltes tres 8c tenementz, biens 8c chateux, seisis en mains des Rois, et ascunes mys a la mort, santz jugement de lour Piers, Acorde est Sc assentuz q nul pes de la tVe, Officer ne autre, p cause de son office ne des choses touchauntz soun office, ne p autre cause, soit menez en jugement, a pte de lour tempaltez, tVes, tenementz, biens Sc chateux, ne estre arestutz, nemp'sones, utla- gez, exulez ne forsjugez, [ne respoundre,'] ne estre jugez sinoun [pÕJ agarde des dites pes en plement. Sauvez totefoitz a nr seign' le Roi Sc a ses heires, en autres cas, les leis dreiturelment usees Sc p due pees, 8c sauvee auxint seute des pties. Et si p cas nul pes de soun gree voille aillo's respoundre ou estre jugez forsqen plement, qe cella ne toume en pjudise des autres pes, ne a lui mesmes en autre cas; forpris si nul des piers soit viscount ou fermer de fee, ou ad este officer, ou eit resceu denis ou autres chateux le Roi, p cause de quele office ou reseite il est tenutz dacompter, qe mesme celuy acompte p luy ou soun attume es lieus acustomes; Issint qe les pdouns eins ses houres faites en plemet se tiegnent en lour force.

Cne ne deivent respoundre Rot. Pari. 1 j Ed III. nv. 7.

¥< Rot. Part. 15 Ed. III. mu. 51. reads as the Text.

v. Old Printed Copies read Ò ne mys a respoundre.Ó

Õ Interlined on the Roll.

Statute the First.

OUR Sovereign Lord King Edward, the Third after BeitWm- the Conquest, at his Parliament holden at West- ,1,;, statute minster at the xv. of Easter, desiring that the peace was revoked of his land, and the Laws and Statutes before this time by our Lord ordained, be maintained and kept in all points, <0 the thc Kln8. * ** honour of God, and of Holy Church, and to the com- *hrT?no/of mon profit of his People, by assent of the Prelates, Earls, a certain Barons, and other great men, and of all the Commonalty Wnt enrolled of the Realm of England, summoned to the said Par- liament, hath ordained and stablished in the same Parlia.ment, the Articles underwritten, which he will and grant for him and for his Heirs, that they be firmly kept and holden for ever.

FIRST, It is accorded and assented, That the Fran- I. chise of Holy Church, and the Great Charter, and the Confirmation Charter of the Forest, and the other Statutes made by pf.l,ieGrÓt, our said Sovereign Lord the King and his Progenitors, 0f fo^r,an Peers, and the Commons of the Land, for the common Statutes and profit of the People, be firmly kept and maintained in all Grants of points. And if any thing be from henceforth made Franchises, against the Great Charter, and the Charter ot the Forest it shall be declared in the next Parliament, and by the Peers of the Realm it shall be duly redressed. And if any, of what [Estate or] Condition he be, do any thing to the contrary, (') shall stand to the judgement of the Peers in the next parliament, and so from Parliament to Parliament, as well of franchises used, as of them which shall be now granted; (*) by our Sovereign Lord the King, or his progenitors, to Holy Church, to the Peers of the land, to the City of London and to other Cities and Boroughs, and to them of the Five Ports, and to the Commons of the Land, and all their franchises and free Customs shall be maintained in all points, without any thing doing to the contrary. And that the Writs de.manded to have allowance of Charters, of Franchises and Customs, Charters of Pardons, of Debts, and of all other things granted by the King, and by his Progenitors before this time, be freely granted without disturbance before all manner Justices, or other Ministers where it needeth to have allowance, and they shall be made quite at the Exchequer, or elsewhere.

ITEM, Whereas before this time the Peers of the II. Land have been arrested and imprisoned, and their Tern- The Peers poralties, Lands and Tenements, Goods and Cattels, asseised in the KingÕs hands, and some put to death with- Ôn parl[an^t out judgement of their Peers: It is accorded and assented That no Peer of the Land, Officer nor other, because of his Office, nor of things touching his Office, nor by other cause shall be brought in judgement to lose his Tempo- ralties, Lands, Tenements, Goods and Cattels, nor to be arrested, nor imprisoned, outlawed, exiled, nor fore.judged, nor put to answer, nor to be judged, but by award of the said Peers in the Parliament. Saving always to our Sovereign Lord the King, and his heirs in other cases the laws rightfully used, and by due process, and saved also the Suit of the Party. And if percase any Peer will, of his agreement, elsewhere answer or be judged, but in the Parliament, that the same shall not turn in prejudice of the other Peers, nor of himself in any other case ; except if any of the Peers be She.riff or Fermer of Fee, or hath been Officer, or hath received Money, or other Cattels of the King, because of which Office or Receipt he is bound to accompt, that the same shall accompt by himself or by his Attorney in places accustomed ; so that the Pardons before this time made in the Parliament, shall stand in their force.

* it * and that the franchises granted MS. Tr. 2.

hi.

If any be arrested, &c. contrary to the Great Charter, the Offenders shall answer in Parliament.

Chancellor and other

great Officers (hall be fworn

to maintain the Laws,&c.

ITEM, Because that the points of the Great Charter be blemished in divers manners, and less well holden than they ought to be, to the great peril and slander of the King, and damage of his People, especially inasmuch as Clerks, Peers of the Land, and other free Men be arrested and imprisoned, and out of their Goods and Cattels, which were not appealed nor endited, nor suit of the Party against them affirmed: It is accorded and assented, That from henceforth such things shall not be done. And if any Minister of the King, or other Per.son, of what condition he be, do or come against any point of the Great Charter, or other Statutes, or the Laws of the Land, he shall answer in the Parliament as well at the KingÕs Suit, as at the Suit of the Party, where no remedy nor punishment was ordained before this time, as far forth where it was done by Commission or Com.mandment of the King, as of his own authority, not.withstanding the Ordnance made before this time at Northampton, (') by assent of the King, the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and the Commonalty of the Land, in this present Parliament is repealed and utterly adnulled. And that the Chancellor, Treasurer, Barons, and Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Justices of the one Bench and of the other, Justices assigned in the Country, Steward and Chamberlain of the KingÕs House, Keeper of the Privy Seal, Treasurer of the Wardrobe, Controllers, and they that be chief deputed to abide nigh the KingÕs Son Duke of Cornwall, shall be now sworn in this Parliament, and so from henceforth at all times that they shall be put in Office, to keep and maintain the Privileges and Franchises of Holy Church, and the points of the Great Charter and the Charter of the Forest, and all other Statutes, without breaking any point.

ITEM, It is assented, That if any of the Officers afore.said, or Controllers, or Chief Clerk in the Common Bench, or in the KingÕs Bench, by death or by other cause be out of his Office, that our Sovereign Lord the King, by the accord of the great Men, which shall be found most nighest in the Country, which he shall take towards him, and by the good counsel which he shall have about him, shall put another convenient in the said Office ; which shall be sworn after the form aforesaid. And that in every Parliament, at the third day of the same Parliament, the King shall take in his hands the Offices of all the Ministers aforesaid, and so shall they abide four or five days ; except the Offices of Justices of the one Place or the other, Justices assigned, Barons of the Exchequer; so always that they and all other Mini.sters be put to answer to every complaint; and if default be found in any of the said Ministers, by complaint or other manner, and of that (!) be attainted in Parliament, he shall be punished by judgement of the Peers, and put out of his Office, and another convenient put in his place. And upon the same our said Sovereign Lord the King shall do to be pronounced [to makeÕ] execution without delay according to the judgement of the said Peers in the Parliament.

ITEM, It is accorded and assented, That the King Usurers. and his Heirs shall have the conisance of the Usurers dead ; and that the Ordinaries of Holy Church have the conisance of Usurers on life, as to them appertaineth, to make compulsion, by the censures of Holy Church for the Sin, to make restitution of the [Usurers4] taken against the Laws of Holy Church.

VI ITEM, It is accorded, That the Ministers of Holy

Ecclesiastical Church for Money taken for redemption of corporal confirmed " Penance, nor for prove and account of Testaments, or for Travail taken about the same, nor for solemnity of Marriage, nor for other things touching the jurisdiction of Holy Church, shall not be impeached nor arrested, nor driven to answer before the King's Justices nor other Ministers ; and thereupon the Ministers of Holy Church shall have Writs in the Chancery to the Justices and other Ministers at all times when they the same will demand.

1 which MS. Tr. 2. 1 he MS. Tr. 2. 3 and made

4 Usuries

IV.

How such Officers shall be appointed, and answer- able in Parliament.

Item p' ce q les pointes de la G*nt Chartre ,0Unt blesmys en raoutz maneres, et meinz bien tenuz ne deussent, a g*nt pile & esclaundre du R0i & de son poeple; especialment en taunt q Clers Pb de la Vre, & autres frans homes sount arestutz'fc emp'sones, & de lour biens & chateux houstez, queu ne furent appellez nenditez, ne seute de ptie de& eux affermez; acordez est et assentuz, qe desore tieles choses ne soient faites. Et si nul les face Ministre le Roi ou autre psone de quele condicion nil soit, ou viegne contre nul point de la G*nt Chartre autres estatuz ou les leis de la ?re, respoigne en plement, auxibien a la seute le Roi come a seute de ptie, la ou remedie ne punisement ne fuit ordeine avant ses heures, tant avant ou il le fait p Comission ou comandement du Roi, come de sa autorite de- meisne; nient contresteante lordenaunce avant ses houres fait a NorhÔmpton, la quele p assent du Roi, Prelatz, Countes, & Barouns, & la Coe de la ?re, cy en ce plement est repelle & de tut anienty. Et qe le Chaunceller, Tresorer, Barouns & Chaunceller de Es- cheker, Justic del un banc & del autre, Justic assignez es pays, Seneschal et Chamberlein del hostiel le Roi, Gardein del pVee seal, Tresorer de la Garderobe, Countreroulour, & ceux qe sount chiefs deputez a demorer pres du fuitz le Roi Duk de Comewaille, soient ore Jureez en ce plement, & issint desore a toutes les foiths qils €ront mys en office, de garder & myntenir les p'vileges & les fraunchises de seint esglise, les pointes de la G*nt Chartre, Chartre de la Forest, & toutz les autres estatutz saunez nul point enfreindre.

Item assentu est q si nul des officers avantditz, ou countreroulour, ou chief clerc en coe banc ou en baunc le Roi, p mort ou p autre cause soit houste de son office, q nr seygn' le Roi, p acord des g*ntz q sront trovez plus pres en pais, les queux il pWra devers luy, & p le bon conseil qil avera entour luy, mettera autre covenable en le dit office, q €ra juree solonc la forme avantdite. Et qe a chescun plement, al tierez jour de mesme le plement, le Roi p*ndra en sa main les offices de toutz les Ministres avantditz, et issint demoergent quatre ou cink joures, forspris les offices des JustiC del un place & del autre, Justic assignez, & Barouns del Escheker; issint totesfoiths qe ceux & toutz autres Ministres soient mys a respoundre a chescuny pleinte; et si defaute soit trove en ascunes des dites Ministres, p pleint ou en autre mane, et de ce soit atteint en plement soit puny p jugement des pes, & houstes & autre covenable mys en son lieu. Et sur ce nre dit seygnÕ le Roi ferra pnuncier & faire execucion saunz delay, solonc le jugement des [ditz'] pes en plement.

Item acorde & assentuz est qe le Roi & ses heires eient la conisaunce des usereres mortz ; & q les Ordina- res de seinte esglise eient la conisaunce des usereres vifs, desicome a eux attient, faire compulsioun p cen.sures de seint esglise pÕ le pecche, de faire restitucion des usures p'ses contre la lei de seinte esglise.

Item acorde est q les Ministres de seinte esglise pur diSs p'ses pÕ redempeion de corporele penaunce, ne p proeve [& Ò] acopte des testametz, ou pur travaille entour ceo mys, ne pur solempnete des esposailles, ne pur autre cause touchaunte la jurisdiction de seinte esglise, ne soient apeschez ne aresonez ne chacez a respoundre devant les Justic le Roi ne ses autres ministres. Et sour ceo eient les Ministres de seinte esglise briefs en la Chauncellerie, a les Justicez & autres ministres, totes les foiths qils les demanderut.

j [¥ I nterlined on the Roll.

S Revocacio Statuti

ijH, infrascripti.

'U

s

6*4,

*1

*1*,

m

*H|

* S|>

m

4il: 1' if) Bfcit *>

mill

iŽ-

Got

¥k

,4pi

:aÇ

!i Fa in

JBS!

:ats

mil

fÒi*

jffiS

ke

mil

%,iz

ten

feu

iei

:È¥

?È'

aš

::c

št*:

jiap!

6*3

a#8

siš

sÇÇ

kt

m

jSš

SSS1

ill1

#s

BSP

£x magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 19,d.*

RVic Lincoln saitm. Cum in pliamento nro apud ¥ Westm, in quindena Pasche px p*fita convo- cato, quidam articuli, legibj & consuetudinibj regni nri Angt ac juribj & pVogativis nris regiis expresse con- trarii, ptendant' p modu statuti p nos fuisse concessi; Nos considerantes quali? ad observacoem & defensione legu, consuetudinu, juriu & p>rogativa£ hujusmodi astri&i sum9 vinculo juramenti, & pvide volentes ea que sic fiunt impvide ad statu debitii revocare, sup hoc cu Comitibj & Baronibj, ac pitis aliis dci regni nri consiliu fiuim9 & traftatu ; et quia edie&i dSi statuti pHensi numq*m consensim9, set pmissis ptestacoib} de revocando dcm statutii, si de fco pcederet, ad evitand picula que ex ipius denegacoe tunc timebant' pvenire, cu dcm pliamentu alias fuisset sine expedicoe aliqua in discordia dissolutu, & sic ardua nra negocia fuissent quod absit v'isimili? in ruina, dissimilavim9 sicut opor- tuit, & dcm p>tensu statutu sigillari pmisim9 ilia vice, videbat' dcis Comitib3, Baronib3 & pitis, qd ex quo d?m statutu de voluntate nfa g*tuita non pcessit, nullu erat, & qd nomen vel vim statuti here non deberet. Et ideo dcm statutu de ipoj> consilio & assensu, decre- vim9 esse nullu, & iilud quaten9 de fco pcessit, duxim9 adnulland; volentes tamen qd articuli in ddo statuto ptenso contenti, qui p alia statuta nfa vel pgenitojs nro£ Regu Angt sunt prius approbati, juxta formam dcop statuto^ in omnib5 put convenit observent' & hoc solu ad conservacoem & redintegracoem juriu corone nre facim9, ut tenemr, non aute ut subditos nros, quos in mansuetudine reg?e cupim9, opprimam9 aliquali? vel gÓvem9. Et ideo tibi p'cipim9 qd hec oiriia in locis infra balliva tuam ubi expedire videris publice fac pclamari. T. R. apud Westffi p'mo die Oftobr anno quintodecimo. p ipm Regem et cons.

Statute the Second.

r l^DWARD by the Grace of God, &c.'] to the L JlL( Sheriff of Lincoln, Greeting. Whereas at our Parliament summoned at Westminster in the Quinzime of Easter last past, certain Articles expressly contrary to the Laws and Customs of our Realm of England, and to our Prerogatives and Rights Roval were pretended to be granted by Us by the manner of a Statute ; We, consider.ing how that by the Bond of our Oath we be tied to the observance and defence of such Laws, Customs, Rights, and Prerogatives, and providently willing to revoke (Õ) such things to [their own State,i'] which be so improvi- dently done, upon conference and treatise thereupon had with the Earls, Barons, and other wise Men of our said Realm, and because We never consented to the making of the said (4) Statute, but as then it behoved us, We dissimuled in the Premisses [by Protestations of Revo.cation !] of the said Statute, if indeed it should proceed, to eschew the dangers which by the denying of the same We feared to come, forasmuch as the said Parliament otherwise had been, without dispatching any thing, in discord dissolved, and so our earnest business had likely been ruinated, which God prohibit, and the said pre.tensed Statute We permitted then to be sealed: It seemed to the said Earls, Barons, and other wise Men, that sithence the said Statute did not of our free Will proceed, the same [be6] void, and ought not to have the name nor strength of a Statute ; and therefore by their Counsel and Assent We have decreed the said Statute to be void, and the same in as much as it proceeded of [Dread,7] We have agreed to be adnulled; willing nevertheless, That the Articles contained in the said pretensed Statute which by other of our Statutes, or of our Progenitors Kings of England, have been approved, shall, according to the form of the said [StatuteÕ] in every point, as con.venient is, be observed ; And the same We do, only to the Conservation and Reintegration of the Rights of our Crown, as We be bound, and not that We should in any wise grieve or oppress our Subjects, whom We desire to rule by lenity and gentleness. And therefore We do command thee, that all these things thou cause to be openly proclaimed in such Places within thy Bailiwick where thou shalt see expedient. Witness myself at Westminster the First Day of Oftober, the Fifteenth Year of our Reign.

By the King himself and his Council,

1 The King MS. Tr. 2. 1 and call again MS. Tr. 2.

J a due state MS. Tr. 2. 4 pretented

s Proletls bring beforr made for the revoking

6 should be 7 Deed ' Statutes

I _____

Revocation of the Statute

within

written.

See Statute 1. preceding.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 19, d.

FAIT a remembrer, de les condicions q Ies g*ntz & la Coe demandent, pr le g"nte qils ferront a nfeSeignr le Roi, pÕ la noefisme Aignel Toison & Garbe del an seconde.

Primes ceo q est quilli & levee de les xxml sacs de leine, autrefoitz grantez a nre Seign' le Roi, en ma- nere davoire recompensacion de ycele de la noefisme del an second, soit recoupe & allowe es Countees ou les leines sont leveez, & les psones paiez & les comissions de xxml sacs repellez.

Item q les Toisons & Agnels, de cest second an levees, soient acomptez devant ceux q sront deputez a les dites leines quiller, q soient bones gentz & loiaux du pais. Et q la value des dites Agnels & Toisons levees soit recoupe & allowe, en le noumbre des sacs ore g*ntez. Et q le remenant de trois choses a quiller, de cest second an, ne soit rienz leveez einz de tut relessez; & s' ceo soient Ires patentes souz le g*nt seal Ii9ez as Chivalers des Counteez, saunz rien paier.

Statute the Third.

IT is to be Remembered, of the Conditions which the See Statute great Men and the Commons demanded, for the 14 Ed. III. Grant that they made to our Sovereign Lord the King, Ò. Õ¥c-10- for the ix. Lamb, Fleece and Sheaf of the Second Year.

FIRST, That that is gathered and levied of the xx. j thousand sacks of Wool, another time granted to our Allowance Sovereign Lord the King, in manner to have recompence of w<xd of the same of the ix. of the second year, shall be re- couped and allowed to the Counties, where the Wools cvle be levied, and the Persons paid, and the Commissions of the twenty thousand Sacks repealed.

ITEM, That the Fleeces and Lambs levied of this second year, be accounted before them, which shall be Allowance deputed to gather the said Wools, which shall be good Ninth

Men and lawful of the Country, and that the value of the said Lambs and Fleece levied, be recouped and allowed in the number ot the Sacks now granted, and that the remnant of the three things to be gathered of this second year, nothing shall be levied, but wholly re.leased. And upon the same, Letters Patents under the great Seal shall be delivered to the Knights of the Shires without any thing to be paid.

¥ This is placed after Statute the Third on the Back of the Statute Roll.

hi.

How the Wools shall

be colleded.

IV.

The Grant of Wools apportioned according to the Ninth.

V.

Exporting of Wools.

Owners of Wools bound to sell.

Colleftors of Wools.

VI.

lueen's

(old.

How Cities, Boroughs, and the Clergy shall be charged.

Exporting of Wools.

Arrears of the First YearÕs Ninth,

VII. Grant of Petitions, See. by the King.

ITEM, That the Wools in every County, be gathered by good Men of the Country, and delivered to the KangÕs Receivers, of the Sacks in the Counties where they shall be gathered, according to the Weight ordained by the Statute, that is to say, xiiii. pound for the stone, and xxvi. stones for the Sack, without other increase. And that none be charged to yield thereupon account to the King, but only the KingÕs Receivers. And that in every Country there be assigned two great and good Men, to hear and determine the complaints of them which will thereof complain, upon the said Colleftors and Receivers, [&c.'] at the Places and Days of the Counties.

ITEM, That the Prelates, Earls, Barons, Knights, and other great Men of every Country, which shall be bound to pay the ix. according to the Grant there.upon made, shall be apportioned after their rate to the charge granted of the said Wools. And in case that any of the Prelates or great Men aforesaid, or other, will not pay according as shall be apportioned, the names of such and their portions shall be delivered to the said Receivers, and by them to the Chancery, and so much shall be allowed to the County; And he that shall be found disobedient, shall be distrained to pay the treble of the portion, whereto he was set.

ITEM, That no Merchant, nor other, buy nor carry Wools out of the Land betwixt this and the feast of Saint Michael next coming, to the Intent that the King be served of that that to him is granted ; And that after the said feast of Saint Michael, every Merchant of the Realm, and other, may freely sell and buy, and pass the Sea with their Merchandises of Wools, and all other things, paying the Customs of old time used, according to the Statutes before this time made at the last Parlia.ment holden at Westminster in Middle Lent. And that they which have Wools shall be bound to sell, according to the sort and price of the Country, to accomplish the Wools granted to the King, and they which shall be Col.lectors (Õ) shall be sufficient people of the same Counties, chosen now in full Parliament, and they shall be changed by no manner of Commandment.

ITEM, That the QueenÕs Gold shall not run in de.mand, by reason of this Grant. And that Cities and Boroughs and all religious Persons, which hold by Ba.rony, (J) shall be bound to come to the Parliament, and they that have Cattles without [gaining,*] shall be charged with the Commons ; and that the religious and other people of holy Church, for the Lands and Posses.sions purchased and appropried, not taxed with the tax used of Dismes, shall be charged in this contribution with the Commons. And that he which shall be found guilty of passage, shall be at the forfeiture of the double value of the Wools. And that the takers may take the Wools, in what part they shall be found out of SanCtuary, after the sort and the price of Nottingham. And as to that which is behind of the ix. of the year past, the King shall do to be assigned some of his own, with good people of the Counties, to take Informations by all the ways that they can or may, of the true value of the ix. in every Parish. And according to these Informations the ix. shall be levied.

ITEM, That the Petitions, shewed by the great Men and the Commons, be affirmed according as they be granted by the King, that is to say, [someJ] by Statute and the other by Charter or Patent, and delivered to the Knights of the Shires, without any thing paying ; and that it please the King to perform the grace which he hath promised to the great Men, in right [to be6] at.tached and imprisoned now in this Parliament. And they that have made Fines, shall stand at their Fines or at the common Law, at their own choice.

1 and this MS. Tr. 2.

* of the laid IVnoli 1 and

4 Gainery

s rhe pointes to endure, MS. Tr. 2. 6 of thou

Item q les leines en liez, p bones gentz du p vours le Roi p sacs es liez, solonc le pois ordeii livers pr la piere & xxvi encres. Et q nul ne ce acompte al Roi, mes Roi. Et q [en Õ] chescoun pais soient assignezTeu'x g'ntz bones gentz, doier & terminer les pleintes de ceux q se voudrent pleyndre des dites quillours & resceivours, & .ce as jours & lieux des Countees.

Item q p*lates, Countes, & Barons, Chivalres & autres g'ntz de chescun pais, queux sront tenuz de paier la noefisme, solonc le gnte sÕ ce faite, soient apporcionez solonc lour afferant a la charge gYite des dites leines. Et en cas q ascun des platz [ou *] g'ntz avantditz ou autre, ne voille paier solonc ce qil sra apporcione, soient les nous des tieux & lour porcionz livez as dites rescei- vours, et p eux a la Chauncellerie, & tant soit allowe al Countees; & celui q sra trove desobeisant, soit de- treint de paier la treble de la porciun a quele il fust mys.

Ite q nul qi qil soit, Marchant ne autre, achate ne ameigne leines hors de la Pre, entre cy & la Seint Michel pschein avenir, en eide q le Roi soit €vi de ce q luy est g'ntee; et q apres la dite fest de Seint Michel, chescun du Roialme, Marchant & autre, fraun- chement puisse vendre & acater, & passer la mier ov'sq^ lor marchandises, des leines & de toutes autres choses, paianz les custumes auncienment usees, solonc les estatuz eintz ces houres faites, al darrain plement tenuz a Westm a my quaresme. Et ceux q ont leines soient tenuz de les vendre solonc le sort & pris du pais, pr accomplir les leines g'ntez au Roi. Et ceux q sront quillours des dites leines soient gentz suffisaunz, de meisme les counteez eslutz ore en ple.ment, & qils ne soient chaungez p nul maundement.

Item q le oor la Reine ne courge en demande p reson de cel grante. Et q Citees & Bourgfts, & touz les religiouses q tiegnent p baronie, & sont tenuz de venir al pleinent, et ceux q ount chateux sanz gai- nerie soient chargees [*od la comune, et q religious & autres gentz de seint eglise, pÕ terres k posses.sions p'chacez & approp'ez, nient taxes ove le tax usee des dismes, soient chargez*] en cest contribution ove la coihune. Et [q J] celui q €ra trove coupable de passage, soit a la forfeture de la double value des leines. Et q les pnours poessent p*ndre les leines quel pt q eles sront trovez, hors de saintuarie, solonc le sort 8* le pris de Notingh'm; qant a ce.qest arere de la noefisme del an passe, Le Roi fra assigner ascunes des soens, ove bones gentz des Counteez, de p^ndre informacions, p totes les voies qils savont ou purront, de la verreie value des noefismes en chescun poche, & solonc cestes informacions soient les noefismes leveez.

Item q les peticions p les g'ntz & la coe monstreez soient affermez, selonc ce qils sont g'ntee p le Roi, cest assavoir les pointz adurer p estatut, & les autres p chre ou patente, & lipes al Chivalers des Counteez saunz rienz payer; et q pleise a nre Seign' le Roi de pformir la g*ce qel ilad pmys as gÕntz, endroit des attachez & emp'sonez ore en ce plement; et ceux q ount fait fines estoisent a lor fines, ou a la coe ley a lour cheys.

* ----> assavoir xiiii

P*eres pÕ le sac, saunz autre soit chargee de rendre sur souiement les resceivn,,ª iã

Interlined on the Roll.

4 Omitted in Rot. ftR*

( 299 )

Anno 17¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D. 1348.

:S

3,È

S

i^tMonoie.

**

a*

S

**

nn4

Ç**

^*i

Ills

ÇÈl

fail

S3, is

Çl|

È*

ana

Èp

(Mil i nil alii ms m| aasx

W|

|ki.

IB!

IZI

i*

itii

PCT:"

RGB

bu

m

SE,claratio fca stiplument¡

' ãto apd W.

. È xvij0. de "igtnd.

If

s*

38=

lÒ

B<

L'-

?"

Ç,*

iÒ

ill

lÈ>

£# Rat. Pari, in Turr. Lond. 17 Ed. III. mi. 15.

ITS* acordez est de faire une Monoie des bons Ester- lings en Engietre du pois & del alaye del auncien Esterling, q a9a son cours en Engietre entre les g*ntz & la coe de la ?re, & la quele ne €ra portez hors du roialme DenglePre en nulle marJe ne p qecunqe cause q ce soit; et en cas q les Flemmyngs voillent faire bone Monoie dargent, grosses ou autres acordante en alaye as bons esterlings q tiele monoie eit cours en Engietre entre Marchand & Marchand & autres qi la vodroient resceivre de lour bon gree issint q nul argent soit portez hors du Roialme. Itm est acordez & assentuz, q bones gentz & loialx soient assignez es portz du Miere & aillo's ou miester sra, de faire la 9che q nul argent soit portez hors du roialme, en monoie nautre- ment; forspris q les g*ntz q*nt ils vont p dela qils peussent a9 vessealx dargent p' €vir lour hostelx, et q nul soit si hardy de porter fausse & malveis monoie en roialme sur peyne de forfait'e de vie & de membre, et a faire Eschanges, a ceux qi passeront la Miere, dor pur lour bons esterlings a la value. Itm assentuz est & acordez q les ditz Sercheors p cause qils ferront lour offices plus diligeantment & plus loialment, ils eient la tiercz ptie de rote la fauxe monoie qils purront trover portee deinz le roialme a lour pfit demeen; et en meisme la manere eient la tierce ptie de la bone monoie quele ils troveront en la miere passant hors de la tre; & en cas qils soient trovez negligentz ou rebealx a tieux €ches faire q lor Pres & tehz biens & chateux soient seisiz en la mayn le Roi, & lour corps pris & detenuz tanq, ils eient fait fyn au Roi pur lour deso- beissance ; et en cas qils soient assentantz de porter tiele fausse monoie & de soeffrire sachantement largent ou monoie, autrement forspris q les g"ndz q*nt ils vont p dela qils peussent aP vessealx dargent pur Qvir lo' hostelx, come desus est dit, estre mesnez hors du roialme, eient juggement de vie & de membre.

ITEM, It is accorded to make Money of good Ster- Of Mocey.

ling in England of the Weight and Allay of the ancient Sterling, which shall be current in England between the Great Men and Commons of the Land, and the which shall not be carried out of the Realm of England in any manner, nor for any cause whatsoever; and in case that the Flemmings will make good Money Flemish of Silver [gross'] or other, according in allay [ofÔ j good Sterling, that such Money shall be current in England between Merchant and Merchant, and others who of their own accord will receive the same; so that no Silver be carried out of the Realm.

Item, It is accorded and assented, That good and Searcher, lawful men be assigned in the Ports of the Sea, and elsewhere, where need shall be, to make Search, that no Silver be carried out of the Realm in Money or otherwise; except that the Great Men may, when they Exception, go out of the realm, have Silver Vessels to serve their Houses, and that none be so hardy to bring false and ill Money into the realm, upon pain of Forfeiture of Life and Member, and to make Exchanges with them Exchange., that shall pass the Sea, of Gold for their good Sterling to the Value.

Item, It is assented and accorded, That the said Reward of Searchers, because they may do their Offices more di- Searcher*, ligently and more lawfully, shall have the third part of all the false Money that they can find to be brought into the Realm, for their own benefit ; and in the same manner they shall have the third part of the good Money which they shall find upon the Sea passing out of the Realm ; and in case they shall be found neg- Punishment ligent or disobedient in making such Searches, that their for Negleft. Lands and Tenements, Goods and Chattels shall be seised into the KingÕs Hands, and their Bodies taken and detained until they have made Fine to the King for their Disobedience; and in case they shall be assent- For assenting ing to the bringing in of such false Money, or wittingly to Import - shall suffer Silver or Money, except Vessels of Silver ?Von ot ^alsc for the Great Men when they go out of the Kingdom Õ ¡ne5Ô to serve in their houses, as before is said, to be trans.ported out of the Realm, they shall have Judgement of Life and Member.

1 Croats * with

Anno 18¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D.1344.

Ex Roi. Pari, in Turr. Lond. 18 Ed. III. nu. 51. d.1

ACORDEZ est & assentuz, q de ceux qi sont & ont este Resceyvours [des leynes le Roi,1] & les pnont du people, & les alloignent ou detiegnent, issint q nre Seign' le Roi ne poet ent estre sviz; De ceux qi mesnent les leynes p dela saunz estre cokettez, ou saunz paier Custume & Subside, as queux eles sont assis; & des CustuiSs & Tronours qi les soeffrent au damage du Roi; Des leys Ministres qi resceyvent les deniers le Roi, & les retiegnent; Des ConspiratoÕs Confederatours & Meynteno's des fauxes quereles, & de ceux qi mesnent routes en p'sence des Justices, ou autres Ministres le Roi, ou aillours es Contees en affray du people, issint q la Ley ne se poet faire, auxi- bien des ceux qi les mesnent come de ceux qi viegnent en lour compaignie; Des ceux qi portent la fauxe monoie en deceite du people; Touz ceux, en cas qils ne p'ront estre trovez ou mesnez en respons p attache- ment ou p destresce pr le pfit le Roi, q lexigende soit donez & sui, & ne mye dautres.

1 See Rot. Pari. 17 Ed. III. nu. 34.

* des deniers le Roy ou de fez leyns MS. Cott. Niro, C. I.

Statute the First.

IT is Accorded and established, That from henceforth Declaration of them which be or have been Receivers of the £a<|? ln ,he KingÕs Money, or of his Wools, which they take of the People, and the same carry away, or detain, so that Westminster our Sovereign Lord the King may not be thereof in the xviith served : And of them which [bring '] Wools to the parts Yfar '< . beyond the sea, without being cocketted, or paying Custom or Subsidy, whereto they be assessed; and of Customers and [Finders,1] which suffer the same to the KingÕs Damage; of Lay Ministers which receive the KingÕs Money and the same retain ; Also of Conspira.tors, Confederators, and Maintainers of false Quarrels : also of them that bring Routs in the presence of the Justices, or other the KingÕs Ministers, or elsewhere in the Counties in affray of the People, so that the Law may not be done, as well of them which bring the same, as of them which come in their Company; [or as of them which bring3] false money in deceit of the People: Against all those, in case they may not be found, or brought in to answe ¥, by Attachment or Distress, for the Profit of our Sovereign Lord the King, the Exigend shall be given and sued, and not against other.

' carry

1 Tronours MS. Tr. 2. Searchers Old Printed Copies.

1 And of them which bring in

VoL. I.

4G

AD. 1344,

fi

tfWnacoes in 0ltamento apuD GZUestm anno regni SDÕnt <£. laegfe anglÕ $ francÕ, Melt anglÕ Dectmo octaPo $ francÕ qutnto tento fee.*

ORDINANCES made in the Parliament holden at WESTMINSTER, in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord EDWARD, King of England and of France, to wit, of England the Eighteenth, and of France the Fifth.

Grant to the King of two Fifteenths and two Tenths; by theCommonj.

Commissions of new Inquiries repealed j Saving for Indictments for certain Offences already commenced.

Statute the Second.

IT is to be Remembered, that at the Parliament holden at Westminster, the Monday next after the Utas of the Holy Trinity, the year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord the King that now is of England the xviij. and of France the V. (') many Things were shewed in full Par.liament, which were attempted by the Party adversary to our Sovereign Lord the King, of France, against the Truce lately taken in Britaine, betwixt our said Sove.reign Lord the King and [him; Õ] and how that [he Ô] enforceth himself as much as he may, to destroy our said Sovereign Lord the King, and his Allies, Subjects, Lands, and Places, and the tongue of England ; and that was prayed by our said Soverign Lord the King of the Prelates, great Men, and Commons, that they would give him such Counsel and Aid, as should be expedient in so great necessity : And the said Prelates, great Men, and Commons, taking good deliberation and advice, and openly seeing the subversion of the Land of England, and the KingÕs great business, which God defend, if hasty remedy be not provided, have [concealedJ] jointly and severally, and prayed with great instance our Sove.reign Lord the King, that he would make him as strong as he might to pass the Sea, in assurance of the aid of God and of his good quarrel, effe&ually this time to make an end of his Wars, or by way of peace or else by force; and that (4) for Letters, Words, nor fair promises, he shall let his passage, till he see the effeft of his busi.ness ; and for this cause the said great Men do grant, to pass and to adventure them with him. And the said Commons do grant to him, for the same cause upon a certain form ii. Quinzimes of the Commonalty, and ii. Dismes of the Cities and Boroughs, to be levied in man.ner as the last Quinzime granted to him was levied, and not in other manner; and to be payed by ii. years, at the feasts of All Saints, and of Easter next following, for the first year; and [in that, thatJ] our Sovereign Lord the King doth pass the Sea, to pay at the same terms [to the Quinzime and Disme6] of the second year, and not in other manner ; so that the Money levied of the same, be dispended in the business shewed to them in this Parliament, by the advice of the great Men thereto assigned, and that the aids beyond Trent, be put in defence of the North. And our said Sovereign Lord the King, for this cause, and in ease of the said Com.mons, and of all his faithful Subjefts of England, by the assent of the Prelates, great Men, and Commons, hath granted of his good grace these things underwritten : FIRST, That the Commissions of the new Enquiries shall cease and be wholly adnulled, and that Writs be thereupon made of the Justices to surcease; Saving (7) the Indiftments of Felonies and Trespasses done against the Peace, of Wools carried out of the Realm, without paying Custom or Subsidy, and of other the KingÕs Goods, or of Money received or retained, by them which have had Commission under the KingÕs Seal, and also of

1 among other things MS.Tr. 2.

* bit mid Adversary 3 counselled

4 nor 5 in cate that

6 a xv. and a disme MS. Tr. 2. '¥ that

Ex ma£no Rot- Stat. in Turr. Land. m. ,9,rf.

F1IT, 3 r;ªwerÕ 3 *u f>lement tenuz a Westffi, , }e Lundf Pschan les Oytaves de laTrinite Hn du regne nre Seign' le Roi DenglePre disoirisme,Õ & de France quint, furent monstrez entre autres choses en plein plement, plusours choses q furent attemptez p la ptie advsaire nfe f le Roi, de Fraunce, encon- tre la trewe prise nadgairs en Bretaigne, entre nre dit f le Roi & son dit adPaaire; & cement son dit advsaire safforce tant come il poet a destruir nre dit SeignÕ le Roi, ses alliez & subgitz, Pres & lieux & la lange DenglePe; & sÕ ceo fu priez dep nre dit SeignÕ le Roi, as Prelatz, g*untz & coes, qils lui donas- sent tieu conseil & eide come bosoignereit en si g"nde necessite ; et les ditz Prelatz, g*untz & cues, eu ent bon delibacion & avys, & viantz aptement la subPsion de la tre Dengletre, & des grosses busoignes le Roi, q Dieu defend, si hastive remedie ne y soit mys, si conseillerent jointement & sePalment, & supplierent ove g"nde instance a nre dit SeignÕ le Roi, qd se feist si fort come il plus purroit pÕ passer la mieer, en asseu- rance del eide de Dieu & de sa bone querele, affor- cement p' faire fyn a ceste foitz de sa guerre, ou p voye de pees ou p force; & q pÕ tres ne poles ne beaux fPmesses, il ne lessat son passage sil ne veil effeCl de la busoigne; et p ceste cause les ditz g*untz g'unterunt de passer & lour avent'er ovesqes lui. Et la dite coe lui gÕunta, p mesme la cause, sÕ Seine fourme deux quinzismes de la coalte, & deux dismes des Citees & Burghs, de lep en la marie come la der- reine quinzisine a lui gÕunte fust leve, & nemie en autre marie; & apaier p deux anz, cest assav a les festz des touz Seintz & de la Pasche p*schein suantz p' le primer an ; Et en cas q nfe Seign' le Roi passe la mieer, de paier a mesmes les t mes les quinzisme k disme del second an, & nemye en autre marie; Issint q les deniers de ce levez soient despenduz en les busoig.nes a eux monstrez a cest plement, p avis des ghintz a ce assignez, et q les eides de la Trente soient mys en defens de North Et nre dit ( le Roi, p cest cause & en eese de la dite coe & de touz ses foialx Dengletre p assent des Prelatz, g"untz & des coes si g unta de sa bone g*ce les choses souzescriptz, cest assav; q les comissions des novelles enquerrez cessent, & de tout soient anientiz, et sÕ ceo briefs soient tz a les ditz Justices de surseer; sauvez q les endue- mentz des felonies & trespas faites contre la peš> des leines mesnez hors du roialme sanz paier custume ou subside, & dauts biens le Roi ou deniers Jš*"š ou detenuz, p ceux qont eu cbmissions souz *

¥ This Title is written on the Back of the Roll, at the Head of this Statute; as well as on the Front of Statute the Third.

of the Roll at the Head


.l

le Roi, & aussint de fause monoie porte dedeinz le Roialme, inchoatz devant mesmes les Justices nomez es dites comissions, soient ?minez en Bank le Roi, ou de.vant autres Justices a ceo assigner; et q les exigendes, issues & utlagaries pnuncies p autre cause q p les causes sauvez cessent, & soient anientiz de tout; et s' ce soient faitz briefs, tantz & tieux come il busoignera.

Et aussint, q deux ou trois des mieultz vauetz des Countees, soient assignez gardeins de la pees p comis.sions le Roi; et quele heure q mestier €ra, mesmes ceux ovesqes aufs sages & apris de la leye soient assignez p cbmission le Roi doier & ?miner felonies & trespas faites contre la pees en mesmes les Countees, & punissement faire resonablement, solonc la maSe du fait.

Itm q les ordinances, devant ses heures faites s' le pris des sortz des leines en chescune Countee soient de tout anientiz & defaitz; & q chescun home aussi- bien estrange come prive puisse desormes achater leines solonc ceo qil p'ra acorder ove le vendour, aussi come ils soleient faire devant les ordinances avantdites. Et q nul home ne soit empeche ne grevez p cause de nul acate faite en temps passez, encontre les ordi.nances avantdites; et q la mieer soit overte a toute maSe des Marchantz de passer ove lour marchandises.

Itm q les comissions dassaier mesures, aunes & pois, soient repellez & anientiz de tout; & q desore nul tiel comission isse, et q mande soit a Tresorer & as Barons de lescfier de fiaire venir devant eux, tieux comissioners de rendre acompt au Roi, nient contre- steant qils alleggent qils sont Justices & ne deivent nul acompt rendre ; et si nul se voudra pleindre s' eux, soit oy; & s' ceo soient faites briefs as viscontes de faire pclamacion, q ceux q se voudreint plein.dre s' tieux Comissioners, veignent a lescheqer, & illoeqes se pleinent, et amendes lour Qront faites-

Itm q nule exigende isse desormes en cas ou home est enditez de trespas q ne soit encontre la pees, ne des choses q ne sont contenues en la declaracion fait en ce cas, au derrein plement tenuz a Westm.

Itm q nul home soit artez ap*ndre la novelle monoie dor, q nre Seign' le Roi ad ordeignez daler en paie- ment a Ctein pris, dedeinz la s5me de xx s. Et aus.sint q monoies dor & dargent soient faites en la Citee DevVyk, & aillours ou le Roi voudra ordeigner, en la manSe q h5me fait a la Tour de Londres; & q eschaun- ges soient ordeignez en les bones villes, solonc ce qil semblera a nre Seign' le Roi mieultz p' le profit & eese de lui & de son poeple. Et q ordeignez soit en ?tein quele chose €ra done p' eschaunge a chescune piece dor.

Itm q les estatuz faitz sur les p'veances affaire s' lostel le Roi, la Roigne, & lour enfantz, en les queux est contenuz qils achatenf ne fPignent riens, sil ne soit p la bone gree des vendours, & p feer fait entre les achatours & les vendours, Et aussint les estatutz faitz del estat le Seneschal & Mareschalx del hostel le Roi, & queux pleedz ils tendront & detmineront devaunt eux en la Mareschalcie, soient tenuz & gardez en touz lour pointz; les queux estatutz nre Seign' le Roi ad fait t'nsescrivre, & mander as Seneschal & Mareschalx de son hostel, & a Tresorer de la garderobe, & briefs ovesqs de les garder & meinten! en touz pointz: et q gentz darmes hobelers & archers esluz p' aler en le svice le Roi hors Dengletre, soient as gages le Roi du jour qils deptiront hors des Countees, ou ils Sront eslutz.

Exemplificat' de assensu pliamenti.

false Money brought within the Realm, begun before the same Justices, named in the said Commissions, shall be determined in the KingÕs Bench, or before other Jus.tices thereto assigned ; and the Exigends issued, and Out.lawries pronounced, for other (') causes aforesaid, shall cease and be wholly adnulled ; and thereupon shall there be made Writs as many, and such as shall be requisite.

ITEM, That two or three of the best of reputation in the Counties shall be assigned Keepers of the Peace by the KingÕs Commission ; and at what time need shall be, the same, with other wise and learned in the Law, shall be assigned by the KingÕs Commission to hear and de.termine Felonies and Trespasses done against the Peace in the same Counties, and to inflift Punishment reason.ably according to [Law and Reason, and] the manner of the Deed.

ITEM, That the Ordinances made before this Time, upon [taking *] of Sorts of Woolls in every County, be wholly annulled and defeated ; and that every Man, as well Stranger as Privy, from henceforth may buy Woolls, according as they may agree with the Seller, as they were wont to do before the said Ordinances ; (*) and that the Sea be open to all manner of Merchants to pass with their Merchandize [where it shall please them.]

ITEM, That the Commissions to assaie Measures (*) and Weights be repealed and wholly adnulled; and that from henceforth no such Commission shall go out; and that it be demanded to the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer, to do come before them such Com.missioners, to yield account to the King, notwithstanding that they allege, that they be Justices, and ought not to yield account; and if any will upon them complain, he shall be heard ; and thereupon Writs shall be made to the Sheriffs, to make Proclamation, that they which will complain upon such Commissioners, shall come to the Exchequer, and there to complain, and amends shall be to them made.

ITEM, That no Exigent shall from henceforth go out, in case where a Man is indifted of Trespass, unless it be against the Peace, or of Things which be (5) con.tained in the Declaration made in this Case at the last Parliament holden at Westminster.

II.

Keepers of the Peace (

their

Authority.

III.

All Peraoni may buy Woola.

The Sea open to all Merchant!.

IV.

Commiuions to assay Weights and Measures repealed. Commis.sioners to account.

V.

No Exigent in Trespass, unless against the Peace.

ITEM, That no Man be compelled to take the new Money [and gold and silver6] which our Sovereign Lord the King hath ordained, to go in Payment at a certain Price, within the Sum of Twenty Shillings. And also that Money of Gold and Silver be made in the City of York, and elsewhere where the King will it ordain, in the manner as it is made in the Tower of London; and Exchanges shall be ordained in the good Towns, ac.cording as it best shall seem to our Sovereign Lord the King, for the profit of him, and (7) his People. And that it be ordained in a certainty, what thing shall be given in exchange of every piece of Gold.

ITEM, That the Statutes [for *] the Purveyances, to be made for the Houses of the King, the Queen, and their Children, wherein it is contained, That they shall not buy nor take any thing, unless it be by Agreement of the Sellers, and by promise made betwixt the Buyers and the Sellers; and that the Statutes made of(9) the Ste.ward and Marshall of the KingÕs House, and what Pleas they shall hold and determine before them in the Mar- shalsey, shall be holden and kept in all their Points; which Statutes our Lord the King hath caused to be tran.scribed, and sent to the Steward and Marshal of his House, and to the Treasurer of the Wardrobe, and Writs with them, to keep and maintain the same in all Points : And that Men of Arms, Hoblers and Archers, chosen to go in the KingÕs Service out of England, shall be at the KingÕs Wages from the Day that they depart out of the Counties where they were chosen, till their return.

Exemplified by Assent of Parliament.

tbe rrict

Cause, than for the ______

È And that no man be impeached, nor grieved, because of any buying made in times pa9t against the Ordinances aforesaid.

* Yards 5 ¥È>

Ô of Gold * made upon

not

7 cafe of MS. Tr. a. * the State of

VI.

New Money.

Gold and Silver to be coined at York, &c. Places of Exchange.

Exchanges

ascertained.

vn.

Confirmation of the Statutes regulating Purveyance | and the Court of the Marshalsea.

Pay of Soldiers.

£)j&tnacÕoes tn #Õltamento apuD iKHestm anno regm 2DÕni e, iaegts anglÕ $ if rantÕ, trtDelÕt 2lngr Dectmo ocfatoo 9 ifraneÕ quinto tento fee.

ORDINANCES made in the Parliament holden at WESTMINSTER in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord EDWARD, King of England and of France, to wit, of England the Eighteenth, and of France the Fifth.

1.

Grant to the King by the Clergy.

Exemption for the Prelates in criminal Cases.

II. Bigamy triable by the Ordinary, and not by Inquest.

iii.

Prosecutions

against

Religious

Persons for

purchasing

Lands in

Mortmain.

Statute the Third.

EDWARD by the Grace of God, [&c.'] Greeting.

Know Ye that at our Parliament holden at Westminster the Monday next after the Utas of the Holy Trinity, [theYear of our reign of England theEighteenth, and of France the Fifth,1] amongst other Things shewed, assented, and accorded in the said Parliament, there were shewed, assented, and accorded these Things under-written.

FIRST, Whereas many Things have been attempted, by the Party our Adversary of France, against the Truce late taken in Britaine, betwixt Us and Him, and how that he enforceth himself, as much as he may, to de.stroy Us, and our Allies, Subjects, Lands, and Places, and the Tongue of England: And thereupon We prayed the Prelates, Great Men, and the Commons, that they would give us such Counsel and Aid as should need in so great necessity; and the said Prelates, Great Men, and Commons, having thereof good deliberation and advice, and seeing openly the Subversion of the Land of England, and of our great Business, which God de.fend, if speedy Remedy be not provided; have coun.selled jointly and severally, and with great instance prayed Us, that in assurance of the Aid of God, and our good Quarrel, we should make Us as strong [as We might, to pass the Sea and3] by all the good means that We might, at this time to finish our Wars; and that for Letters, Words, nor fair Promises, we should not let our Passage, till We did see the Effeft of our Business: And for this Cause, the Great Men aforesaid granted to pass, and to adventure themselves with Us; and the said Prelates and Procurators of the Clergy, have granted to Us for the same Cause, a Triennial Disme, to be paid at certain Days, that is to say, of the Province of Canterbury, at the Feasts of the Purification of our Lady, and of Saint Bamabe the Apostle: And of the Province of York, at the Feasts of Saint Luke, and the Nativity of Saint John Baptist. And We for this Cause, in Maintenance of the Estate of Holy Church, and in Ease of the said Prelates, and all the Clergy of England, by Assent of the Great Men, and of the Com.mons, do grant of our good grace the Things under.written ; that is to say, that no Archbishop (4) shall be impeached before our Justices because of Crime, unless We especially do command them, till another Remedy be thereof ordained.

ITEM, If any Clerk be arraigned before our Justices at our Suit, or at the Suit of the Party, and the Clerk holdeth him to his Clergy, alledging that he ought not before them thereupon to answer; and if any Man for Us, or for the same Party, will suggest, that he hath married two Wives, or one Widow, that upon the same the Justices shall not have the Cognisance or Power to try the Bigamy by Inquest, or in other manner, but it shall be sent to the Spiritual Court, as hath been done in times past in case of Bastardy ; and till the Certificate be made by the Ordinary, the Party in whom the Bigamy is alleged, by the words aforesaid, or in other manner, shall abide in Prison; if he be not mainpernable.

ITEM, If Prelates, Clerks beneficed, or Religious People, which have purchased Lands, and the same have put to Mortmain, be impeached (5) upon the same before our Justices, and they shew our Charter of Li.cence, and Process thereupon made by an Inquest of Ad quod damnum, or of our Grace, or by Fine, they

* King nf England and of France and Lord of Ireland, lo all who three 1.'iters shall tee or hear, * last fast

1 Not in original nor MS.Tr. a.; but see Preamble of Statute the Second of this Year.

1 nor Bishop

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. ,9.

T^DWARD p la g*ce de Dieu Roi DenglePre

j FraUnCCÕ& Sd^' Dirland, as tous ceux S testes Ires verrount ou orrount, Salute. Sachez 5 a 1T ment, tenuz a West,,, le Lundy ftcheyn aft les oytlva de la Tniute ftchern passez, entre autrs choses mon- strez, assentuz, & accordez en le dit plement, si fhrent monstrez, assentuz & accordez, les choses southescritz

Pnmerement, coment plusours choses furent attemp tez, p la ptie nre adVsaire de Pnce countre la true prise nadgaires en Bretaigne, entre nous & lui, & coment ii safforce rant come il poet a destruire no9, noz allies & suggistez, Pres & lieux & la lange DenglePre, et sr ceo fust priez de p nous as Prelatz, g*ntz & C&s, qils nous donassent tieu conseil & eide come busoig! neroit en si g*nt necessite; et les ditz Prelatz, g*ntz k Coes, eu ent bone delibacioun & avis, & veantz apte- ment la subPsion de la Pre DenglePre, & de noz grosses busoignes q Dieu defende, si hastive remedie ne soit mys, si conseillerent jointement & severalment, & supplierent ove g*nt instance a no9, q en assuraunce del eide de Dieu & de nre bone querele, nous no9 afforceons p totes les bones voies q no9 p'roms, de faire fyn a cest foitz de nre guerre; & q p' Ires ne poles ne beaux ftnesses nous ne lessons nre passage, si nous ne veons effeS de la busoigne: Et p ceste cause, les ditz gÒntz g*nterent de passer & lour aven- turer ovesq, no9; & les ditz Prelatz & peuratours de la clergie no9 g'nterent p mesme la cause une disme triennale, a paier as certeins jours, cest assavoir de la pvince de Canterbirs, as festes de la Purification de nre Dame & de Seint Bamabe Lapostoil, et de la pvince Deverwyk as festes de Seint Luce et de la Nativite de Seint John le Baptistre; et nous p ceste cause en meintenance del estat de seint eglise, & en eese des ditz Prelatz & de tote la clergie DenglePre, p assent des gantz & des coes, si gÕntasmes de nre bone gÕce les choses souzescrites; cest assavoir q nul Er- cevesqs ne Evesq, ne soit empeschez devant noz Jus.tices p cause de crime, si nous ne les comandons especialment, tantq, autre remedie ent soit ordeignez.

It q si nul clerk soit areinez devant noz Justices a nre suyte, ou a la suite de ptie, & le clerk se tiegne a sa clergie, alleggeant qil ne doit devant eux s ce re- spoundre, et si home lui s'mette pr nous, ou p lz P*š qil eit espusez deux femes ou une veue, q s ceo les Jus- ticz neient conisance ne poer de trier, p enquestes ou en autre manere, la bygamye, einz soit mandez a taCourt Cristiene, come ad este fait en cas de bastardte; tantq, la c?tification soit mande p lordinane, demoerge psone, en quele bigamie est alegge p les poles su ou en autre manere en garde; sil ne soit melÓ^.

It q si Prelatz, clers beneficez, ou gentz de Retgion qount p'chacez Pres & les ount mys a mort m y È soient empeschez ou aresonez s' ceo devant no ticz, & ils monstront noz chres de licence & IK sÕ ceo fait p enqueste, ad quod dampnu, ou e n

s or areasoned MS. Tr. a.

shall be freely let in Peace, without being further im.peached for the same Purchase. And in case they cannot sufficiently shew, that they have entered by due Process after Licence to them granted in general or in special, that they shall be well received to make a con.venient Fine for the same ; and that the Enquiry of this Article shall wholly cease according to the Accord comprised in this Parliament.

ou p fyn, qils soient lessez f'nchement en pees, saunz estre outre empeschez pr la dite p'chace. Et en cas qils ne p'ront sufficialment monstrer qils ne soient entrez p due pcesse, a p's la licence a eux g*nte, en genial ou especial, qils soient bonement resceuz a faire covenable fyn, et q lenquerrie de cest article cesse de tout solonc lacorde ent pris en cest plement.

II q lestatut touchantz les p'viances de no9 8c de noz [fitz'] en temps passez, p no9 & p noz pgeni- tours, p gentz de seint eglise, soient tenuz en touz pointz ; & qen les comissions a faire s' tieux p'veances soient forspris les fees de seint eglise, & biens des gentz de seint eglise, en quecumqe lieu qils soient trovez.

I? q nule phibicion ne isse hors de la Chauncellerie si noun en cas q nous adorns la conisaunce 8c devons avoir de droit. II q p la ou comissions sont faites de novel as divÕses Justicz, qils facent enquestes s' Juges de seint eglise, le quel qils facent joust pcesse ou excesse en cause du testament, & autres les queux notoriement aptiegnent a la conisaunce de seint eglise, les ditz Justices ount enquis & font enditer Juges de seint eglise, en blemissement de la Pnchise de seint eglise, q tieles comissions soient repellez & desoremes defenduz; save larticle de Eyre tiele come il doit estre.

II q p la ou briefs de Scire fac ount este g*ntez a garner Prelatz, religious, & autres clers, a respoundre des dismes en nre Chauncellerie, & a monstrer sils eient riens pr eux, ou sachent riens dire, p' quoi tieux dismes a les demandauntz ne deivent estre restitutes, & a respoundre auxibien a nous come a ptie des tieux dismes, q tieux briefs desore enavant ne soient g"ntez & q les pcesses pendantz s' tieux briefs soient anientiz & repellez, 8c q les pties soient dimises devant secu- lers juges de tieux manis de pledz, savez a nous nre droit, tiel come nous & noz auncestres avons eu, & so- leions avoir de resoun. En tesmoignaunce de queux choses, a la request des ditz Prelatz, a cestes p'sentes tres avons faitz mettre noz sealx. Don a Londrs le viii. jour de Juyl lan de nre regne DengletVe disoitisme, 8c de France quint.

* faitz Rot. Pari.

ITEM, That the Statutes touching the Purveyances IV. of Us and of [our Son,Õ] made in Times past by Us ^xtCfo!ptl¡" and our Progenitors, for People of Holy Church, be clergy from holden in all points; and that in the Commissions to Purveyance, be made upon such Purveyances, the Fees of Holy Church (J) shall be excepted in every place where they be found.

ITEM, That no Prohibition shall be awarded out of V- the Chancery, but in case where we have the Cognisance, Órot,lljltlonj- and of Right ought to have.

ITEM, Whereas Commissions be newly made to VI. divers Justices, that they shall make Inquiries upon Commission*. Judges of Holy Church, whether they made just Process ¡

or excessive in Causes Testamentary, and other, which judges, notoriously pertaineth to the Cognisance of Holy Church, the said Justices have enquired, and caused to be in.dited, Judges of Holy Church, in blemishing of the Franchise of Holy Church; that such Commissions be repealed, and from henceforth defended, saving the Article in Eyre, such as ought to be.

ITEM, Whereas Writs of Scire facias have been granted to warn Prelates, Religious and other Clerks, to answer (Õ) Dismes in our Chancery, and to shew if they have any thing, or can any thing say, wherefore such Dismes ought not to be restored to the said Demand.ants, and [of3] answer as well to Us, as to the Party of such Dismes; that such Writs from henceforth be not granted, and that the Process hanging upon such Writs be adnulled and repealed, and that the Parties be dismissed from the secular Judges of such Manner of Pleas; saving to Us our Right, such as We and our Saving of Ancestors have had, and were wont to have of Reason, the KingÕs

In Witness whereof, at the Request of the said Prelates, R15 to these present Letters We have set our Seal. Dated at London the eighth day of July, the year of our Reign of England the eighteenth, and of France the fifth.

* ours Ô and the Goods of People of Holy Church

3 of 4 to

repealed.

VII.

No Scire facias against a Clerk for Dismes.

Anno 20¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D.1346.

Ex Rot. Claus, in Turr. Lond. 20 E. III. P.i. m. 12, d.

Ordinance for the Justices.

LE Roi as Viscontes de Londres, Salutz. Por ceo q p dieses pleintes faites a nous, avoms entenduz q la ley de nre Pre quele nous sumes tenuz p €ement de maintenir, est meins bien garde & lexecucion dycelle destourbe plusures foitz p meyntenance 8c pcurement sibien en Court come en pays p plusures manles; Nous meuz g'ndement de conscience de ceste matire, & p celle cause desirantz tant p' plesance de dieu & eese 8c quiete de noz subgiz come p' sauver nre conscience, & p sauver 8e garder nre Sement avantdit, de lassent des g*untz & autres sages de nre conseil avoms or- deinez & comandez expressement, a touz noz JustiC, qils facent desore owele ley & execucion de droit a touz noz subgiz riches 8c povres saunz av regard a nulle psone, 8c sanz lesser de faire droit pr nulles Ires ou mandementz q lour p'ront venir de nous ou de nul autre ou p autre cause queciiq,; et en cas q aucunes tres briefs ou mandementz veignent a les Justid ou as autres deputez de faire ley & droit solonc les usages

p l^DWARD by the grace of God, Ac. to the Sheriff For the L E of Stafford,1] Greeting. Because that, by divers proclaiming Complaints made to Us, We have perceived that the Law the0rdlnince of the Land, which We by our Oath are bound to main- ,he KingÕs tain, is the less well kept and the Execution of the same Justices, disturbed many times by Maintenance and Procurement, as well in the Court as in the Country, (Õ); We, greatly moved of Conscience in this matter, and for this cause desiring as much for the pleasure of God, and ease and quietness of our Subjefts, as to save our Conscience, and for to save and keep our said Oath, by the assent of the great Men and other wise Men of our Council, [We have ordained these things following: First, We have I. commanded3] all our Justices, That they shall from JuÇticÇ shall henceforth do equal Law and Execution of right to all p^nt¡ our Subjefts, rich and poor, without having regard to without any Person, and without omitting to do right for any Regard of Letters or Commandment which may come to them from Letter* j Us, or from any other, or by any other cause; and if that any Letters, Writs, or Commandments come to the Justices, or to other deputed to do Law and Right

* The King to the Sheriff of London,

1 by divers manners

1 have ordeigned and comaunded expressly to MS.Tr. 2.

VOL. I.

aH

Recital of Oath of Justices.

Fees of Justices increased.

II.

The Barons of the Exchequer shall do Right without Delay.

iii.

Justices of Oyer and Terminer,

See. shall take an Oath.

IV.

None shall maintain any Quarrels but their own.

V.

Lords and Great Men shall put away

Maintainers of Quarrels.

according to the usage of the Realm, in disturbance of the Law, or of the Execution of the same, or of (Õ) Right to the Parties, the Justices and other aforesaid shall pro.ceed and hold their Courts and Processes where the Pleas and Matters be depending before them, as if no such Letters, Writs, or Commandments were come to them; and they shall certify Us and our Council of such Com.mandments which be contrary to the Law, as afore is said. And to the Intent that our Justices should do even right to all People in the manner aforesaid, without more favour shewing to one than to another, We have ordained and caused our said Justices to be sworn, that they shall not from henceforth, as long as they shall be in the Office of Justice, take Fee nor Robe of any Man, but of Ourself, and that they shall take no Gift nor Re.ward by themselves, nor by other, privily nor apertly, of any Man that hath to do before them by any Way, except meat and drink, and that of small value; and that they shall give no Counsel to great Man or small, [in caseÒ] where We be party, or which do or may touch Us in any point, upon pain to be at our Will, Body, Lands, and Goods, to do thereof as shall please us, in case they do contrary; and for this Cause We have in.creased the Fees of the same our Justices in such manner as it ought reasonably to suffice them.

IN the same manner We have ordained in the right of the Barons of the Exchequer, and We have expressly charged them in our presence, That they shall do right and reason to all our Subjefts great and small; and that they shall deliver the People reasonably and with.out delay of the Business which they have to do before them, without undue tarrying as hath been done in times past.

ITEM, We have ordained, That all they which shall be Justices assigned by Commission to hear and deter.mine, and such as shall be associated to them, and also Justices of Assises to be taken in the Country, and of Gaol-delivery, and such as shall be [assigned and] as.sociated to them, shall make first [an Oath in certain Points, according as to them shall be enjoined by our CouncilJ] in our Chancery, before that any Commission be to them delivered.

ITEM, We have commanded and utterly defended, That none of our House, nor of them that be about us, nor other, which be towards our dear beloved Compa.nion the Queen, or our Son Prince of Wales, or towards our Courts, nor Prelates, Earls, Barons, nor other great nor small of the Land, of what Estate or Condition they be, shall not take in hand Quarrels other than their own, nor the same maintain by them nor by other, privily nor apertly, for Gift, Promise, Amity, Favour, Doubt, [nor Fear/] nor for none other Cause, in Dis.turbance of Law and Hindrance of Right, upon the Pains aforesaid ; but that every Man may be free to sue for and defend his Right in our Courts and elsewhere, according to the Law: And We have straitly commanded our said Son, and divers Earls and other great Men, being before us, that they on their behalf shall do to be kept this Ordinance without default; and that they suffer none which be [towards thems] (6) to attempt against this Ordinance by any way.

ITEM, Because We be informed, that many bearers and Maintainers of Quarrels and Parties in the Country be maintained and bome by Lords, whereby they be more encouraged to offend, and by Procurement co.vine and maintenance of such Bearers in the Country many People be disherited, and some delayed and dis.turbed of their Right, and some not guilty convidl and condemned or otherwise oppressed, in the undoing of their Estate, and in the notorious Destruction (7) of our People: We have commanded and do command, That all the great Men from henceforth shall void from their Retinue Fees and Robes all such Bearers and Maintainers in the Country, without shewing to them any Aid, Favour, or Comfort in any manner. And moreover We

* doing * in Mattert or Businesses

> such Oath MS. Tr. a. < or Hatred

s with them, any thyng to do MS. Tr. 2.

* or 1 and Oppression

du roiaime en destorbance de la ley ou de W . dycelle, ou de droit faire as pties L dir i aura susditz allien, a.an,, Ç, degnern 1^!* lour pees eã lea plees & buroigu,, *

eux siavant come a, nullo deles tres brief. demen,z lour fenasen, venuz, Hr ããu, 4"Ò'

conseil de deux mandememz, Ij conmiã * ley come deans e.t din E, a fyn ij ãoz ftcent owel droit a touteg gemz en la mafic nx dite, sanz plus de favour faire a un 5 a autr ¥ avoms ordeinez & fait jurer noz ditz Justices A " prendrent desore, tant come ils 'sront en office delus. uce, fee ne robe de null! sinoun de no* meisntes et qtls ne prendrent doun ne regard, p eux ne p autr en pnve nen apte, de nul home qi aPa affaire devam eux p quecunq, voie, sil ne soil mang? ou boivre & ceo de petit value; & qils ne dorront counseil a nul g*um ne petit es choses ou busoignes ou no9 sumes ptie, ou q no9 touchent on porront toucher en nulle maSe sur peyne destr a nre volunte de corps Pres & avoir p' fore ent ce q no- plerra, en cas qils facent le contrair; et p celle cause si avoms fait encrestf les feez de meismes noz Justicz p manSe tiele q lour doit resonablement suffire.

Et en mesme la man!e avoms ordene endroit des Barons de nre Escheqer, & les avoms fait expresse- ment charg/ en nre pWice, qils facent droit & reson as toutes gentz, g*ndes & petites, & qils facent deli- ver le peoole resonablement & sanz delai des busoig- nes qils aPont affaire devant eux, saunz estf tariez nounduement, sicome ad este fait en temps passe.

Iten no9 avoms ordine q toux ceux q sront as- signez Justices p comission de oir & Pminer, & ceux q sront associez a eux, & auxint Justices des assises prendf en pais & gaols deliPer, & ceux q sront as.sociez a eux facent phnerement autiel sement (') en nre Chauncellerie devant q comission lour soit live.

Item no9 avoms comandez & defenduz tout outree- ment, q nul de nre oustiel ne de ceux qi sont entour no9, ne autres q sont dePs nre tresche compaigne la Reine, oil nre fitz le Prince de Gales, ou devs noz Courtz, ne Prelatz Countz Barons nautres g*ntz ne petites de la Pre, de quel estat ou condicion qils soient, ne pignent quereles en main, autres q lour ppres, ne les mainteignent p eux ne p autres en apt ne prive p' doun, pWsse, amiste, doute, favour, ou hayne ne p nulle autre cause, en destorbance de la ley, ou areris- sement de droit s' la peyne susdite; einz q chescun home peusse estr franc de son droit suir & defen- dre en noz Courtz & aillours solonc la ley: et ^si avoms estreitement comandez a nre dit fitz, & a divs Contz & autres grantz esteantz dePs nous, qils facent garder de lour pte ceste ordinance sanz defaute, et qils ne soeffrent nuls qi sont dePs eux [nen Õ] faire nattempter count? meisme lordinance p quecuq, voie.

Item Por ceo q no9 sumes enformez q plusurs mes- nours & meintenours [des quereles & ptiess] en pais sont maintenuz & coptz p seign'ages, pont ils sont le p a* enbaudez de mesprendr, & p procurement covtgne & maintenance de tieux mesnours en pais sont pusures gentz desheritez, & aucuns delaiez & £*es'ur. Z 6 lour droit, & aucuns nientcoupables conviftz co ¥ dempnez ou autrement oppressez, en defesaun lour estat, & en notoire destruccion & oppssion e poeple, si avoms comandez, & comandons q t¡u grantz oustent desore en avant de lo retenanc & robes, touz tieux mesnours & mamtenours en p . saunz nul favour, eide ou confort faire a eu* ^ en quecuq^ tnaSe. Et estre ce nous avons or

¥ en certeynes pointes solonc^ c q lour 3ra enjoynt pw 9seil Old Printed Copies.

, J Interlined on the Roll.


faire venir a Ptein jour devant nous, ou ceux q no9 de- puterons de nre conseil, tieux mesnours & meintenours des diPz Countez, & de les faire examiner & charger atteignantment, qils se oustent desore de tielles meinte- nances & pcurementz faire en pais, en damage de nfe poeple; & ceo s' grevouses peynes q lour ÕSront monstres.

Item voloms & avoms ordenez q les Justices as as.sises prendr assignez, eient sufficiante comission den- querre en lour sessions, des Viscontz, Echetours, Bail- lifs des Fraunchises & lour souz Ministres, et aussint des Meintenours, comuns assissours & jurours en pais, cestassav, des douns, regardz & autres pfitz q les ditz ministres pnent du poeple p' faire lour offices, & ce q attient a leur offices, & pr faire larrai des paneles, met- tantz en ycelles jurours suspectz & de male fame; et de ceo q les maintenours, assisours, & jurours pnent douns & lower des pries, dount ptes & damages trop grevouses aviegnent au poeple de jour en autr, en subPsion de la ley & destorbance de comun droit, Sc de punir touz ceux qi enserront trovez coupables so- lonc ceo q ley & reson le demande, a la seute sibien du Roi come de ptie. Et s' ceo avoms charge noz Chaunceller & Tresorer, doier les pleintes de touz ceux qi pleindre se voudrent, & dordeiS q hastif droit & remede ensoit fait. Par quoi vo9 mandoms q les pointz & ordinances susdites facez ovtement monstrer Sc publier en nfe dite Citee, a fyn q ceux q se sentrent grevez en la forme susdite, peusent p'suir remede so- lonc les dites Ordinances, & q nfe poeple peusse apce- voir nfe entencion & volunte en celle ptie, & le desir q no9 avoms q owel droit soit fait a touz noz subgiz, sibien povres come riches, & q les meffesours soient restreintz & puniz. Don a Westm le xxviij Dav^il.

p ipm Rege & Cons.

Cons bria dirigunt' singulis Vicecomitibj p Angt.

Vo9 jurrez q bien & loialment sverez a nfe Seign' le Roi & a son poeple en loffice de Justice, Sc q loial.ment conseillerez nfe dit Seign' le Roi en ses busoig- nes, et q vo9 ne conseillerez ne assenturez a chose q lour p'ra t'ner a damage ou desheriteson, p quecuq, voie ou colour; & q vo9 ne savez le damage ne des.heriteson de lui q vo9 ne li ferrez garnir p vo9 ou p autre ; & q vo9 ferrez owele ley Sc execucion de droit a touz ses subgiz riches & povres, saunz av regard a quecuq^ psone ; et q vo9 ne prendrez, p vo9 ne p autf en prive nen apt, doun, regard, dor ne dargent ne de autre chose quecuq, q a vfe pfit p'ra t'ner, sil ne soit mang? ou boivre, Sc ceo de petite value, de nul home qi a$a plee ou pcesse pendant devant vo9, tant come meisme le plee ou pees €ra ency pendant, ne aps p celle cause: et q vo9 ne prendrez fee, tant come vo9 srez Justicz, ne robes, de nul h5me gÕunt ne petit, sinoun du Roi meismes: et q vo9 ne durrez conseil

have ordained to do come before us at a certain Day, or before them whom We shall depute of our Counsel, such Bearers and Maintainers of divers Counties, and them do to be diligently examined and charged, that they from henceforth void them of such Maintenances or other Procurements making in the Country in Damage of our People; and that upon grievous Pains, which to them shall be shewed.

ITEM, We will and have ordained, That the Justices VI. assigned to take Assises shall have Commissions sufficient to inquire in their Sessions of Sheriffs, Escheators, Bai- 4nÒyire uf iiffs of Franchises, and their Under Ministers, and also the Misde- of Maintainors, common Embraceors, and Jurors in the meanours of Country, [and'] of the Gifts, Rewards, and other >

Profits, which the said Ministers do take of the People to execute their Office, and that which pertaineth to their Office, and for making the array of Pannels, putting in the same suspeft Jurors, and of evil Fame; and of (*) that Maintainors, Embraceors, and Jurors do take Gifts and Rewards of the Parries, whereby Losses and Damages do very grievously come daily to the People, in Subversion of the Law, and disturbance of common Right, and to punish all them which thereof shall be a"d Pu"'sh found guilty, according as Law and Reason requireth, the SU1 ,y' as well at our Suit as at the Parties. And thereupon The We have charged our Chancellor and Treasurer to hear Chancellor the Complaints of all them which will complain, and to hea7com- ordain that speedy Remedy be thereof made. plains nts.

Wherefore We do command, That thou do cause the ^he said Points and Ordinances aforesaid openly to be pub- Ordinances lished and shewed [at such Places within thy Bailiwick aforesaid to as thou shalt think good,1] to the end that they which bc published, feel them grieved in the Form aforesaid, may pursue for Remedy according to the said Ordinance, and that our People may perceive our Intent and Will in this Behalf, and the desire that We have, that even Right may be done to all our Subjects, as well poor as rich, and that the Offenders be restrained and punished.

Dated at Westminster [the Seventh Day of March, the Year of our Reign of England the Twentieth, and of France the Seventh.*]

By the King himself and his Council.

Like Writs are dire£ted to the several Sheriffs of England.

Oath of the Justices.*

YE shall swear, That well and lawfully Ye shall serve our Lord the King and his People in the Office of Justice, and that lawfully ye shall counsel the King in To serve the his Business, and that Ye shall not counsel nor assent to K'nfttheir any thing which may turn him in Damage or Disherison ššcc- by any Manner Way, or Colour; and that Ye shall To warn the not know the Damage or Disherison of him, whereof King of any Ye shall not cause him to be warned by yourself, or by Damage, other ; and that Ye shall do equal Law and Execution To do equal of Right, to all his Subje&s, Rich and Poor, without Justice, having regard to any Person ; and that Ye take not by To take no yourself, or by other, privily nor apertly, Gift nor Reward of Reward of Gold nor Silver, nor of any other Thing which may turn to your Profit, unless it be Meat or u Õ Drink, and that of small Value, of any Man that shall have any Plea or Process hanging before you, as long as the same Process shall be so hanging, nor after for the same Cause : And that Ye take no Fee, as long as Nor Fee, ye shall be Justice, nor Robes of any Man great or nor Robes, small, but of the King himself: And that Ye give none but of Ôhe

King.

1 that is to say MS. Tr. 1. '. this MS. Tr.2.

1 in our said City * the twenty-eighth day of jlpril.

¥ This Oath, as here printed, immediately follows the Ordinances on the Close Roll. In all former Printed Copies this Oath has been given as Statute the Fourth of 18 Edw. Ill; and the Oath of the Clerks of the Chancery as Statute the Fifth of that Year: In the Harleian MS. No. 3652, the Ordinance and the Oath of the Justices are both given of the acth Year, as in the Teat; with the following Note at the End: Ò Et no* qd OrdinacS 8c saerm Justic pmissa irrotulant'in rot Cancellar Claus.Ó After which follows the Oath of the Clerks of the Chancery, with the following Introdu&ion : Ò Hii sunt pundus sacti cticoj Cancellarie anno eodem editi, &c.Ó MSS. Harl. 3*05 and 4871 also agree in giving all these Articles as of 20 Edw. III. In MS.Cott. XVI. the Oaths only are given under the 18th Year, but the Ordinance is not inserted in that Manuscript. The Printed Copies contain several Sentences in the Oath of the Clerks of the Chancery which do not appear in any of the MSS. See page 306.

To give no Counsel, where the King is Party.

To arrest Disturbers of Courts of Justice; or certify the King of them.

To maintain no Suit.

Not to deny Right for Letters.

To procure the KingÕs Profit.

The Penalty of offending.

To serve the King in their Office.

To counsel the King.

To warn the King of any Damage.

Clerks of Course.

Writs.

Recording

Attomies.

Delivering

Writs.

Advice or Counsel to no Man great nor small, in no Case where the King is party : And in case that any of what Estate or Condition they be, come before you in your Sessions with Force and Arms, or otherwise against the Peace, or against the Form of the Statute thereof made, to disturb Execution of the Common Law, or to menace the People that they may not pursue the Law, that Ye shall cause their Bodies to be arrested and put in Prison ; and in case they be such that Ye cannot arrest them, that Ye certify the King of their Names, and of their Misprision hastily, so that he may thereof ordain a covenable Remedy; and that Ye by your self nor by other, privily nor apertly, maintain any Plea or Quarrel hanging in the KingÕs Court, or elsewhere in the Country: And that Ye deny to no Man common Right by the KingÕs Letters, nor none other ManÕs, nor for none other Cause; and in case any Letters come to you con.trary to the Law, that Ye do nothing by such Letters, but certify the King thereof, and proceed to execute the Law, notwithstanding the same Letters j and that Ye shall do and procure the Profit of the King and of his Crown, with all Things where Ye may reasonably do the same: And in case Ye be from henceforth found in Default in any of the Points aforesaid, ye shall be at the KingÕs Will, of Body, Lands, and Goods, thereof to be done as shall please him: [as God you help and all Saints.1]

1 So God you help and all his Seyntes. MS. Tr. i.

Oath of the Clerks of the Chancery.

YE shall swear, That well and lawfully Ye shall serve our Lord the King and his People in the Office of [Clerk of'] the Chancery, to which Ye be attitled ; and Ye shall not assent nor procure the KingÕs Disherison nor perpetual Damage to your Power ; nor Ye shall do, nor procure to be done, any Fraud to any ManÕs Wrong, nor thing that toucheth the keeping of the Seal. And Ye shall lawfully give Counsel in the Thing that toucheth the King, when Ye shall be thereto required ; and the Counsel which You know touching him, ye shall conceal. And if you know the KingÕs Disherison, or perpetual Damage or Fraud to be done upon the Things which touch the keeping of the Seal, Ye shall put your lawful Power to repress and amend it; and if Ye cannot do it, then Ye shall certify the Chan.cellor, or other, which may do the same to be amended to your Intent. And for the Clerks of course shall be added : And Ye shall not bring, nor to your knowledge suffer to be brought, any Writs which Ye make out of the Court not sealed, thereof to do Execution ; nor shall record any Attorney by Writs, nor without Writs, without especial Licence, if Ye have not lawfully exa.mined the Party and the Attorney in proper Person, or at the least him that shall make Attorney in proper Per.son. Nor Ye shall deliver any Writ which shall be of Commandment to the Examiners, nor to the Seal, be.fore that the same Writ be sent to you by the Com.mander, which thereof hath Power, unless it be to the Chancellor, or to one of the Masters, which command- eth you to make the Writs. And all the Writs which Ye shall make, Ye shall deliver to the Examiners by your own Hand, or by one Companion which is sworn to the King, if ye yourself be out of the Court because of Sickness, or other Cause necessary, so that ye cannot do it: And no Writ written of another ManÕs Hand shall be delivered to the Examiners under your name, as yours, nor no Name shall be put under your Writs, but your own: [as God you help, and all Saints.1]

1 M8.Tr. 2. omits.

1 So God you help and his Seyntis. MS. Tr. a.


ne avis a nulli g*unt ne petit en nul cas ou le Roi est ptie : & en cas q ascunes, de quel estat q ils soient veignent devant vo9 en voz sessions a force & armes' ou autrement countre la pees, ou count? la forme des Estatutz ent faitz, pr desturber execucion de comune ley, ou pr manacer les gentz qils ne puissent suir la ley, cj vo9 ferrez arester lour corps & mettre en prisone- et en cas qils soient tieux q vo9 ne les puissent ares! ter, q vo9 ctifirez le Roi de lour nouns & de lour mespresion hastiement, a fin qil ent puisse ordeirJ re- mede ; & q vo9 ne meintendrez, p vo9 ne p autre en prive nen apt, nul plee neÔ querele pendant en la Court le Roi, naillours en pais: et q vo9 ne delairez a nulli comun droit, pÕ tres du Roi ne de nul autre p am? cause quecuq,; & en cas q ascunes tres vo9 veignent contraires a la ley, q vo9 ne ferrez rien p' tieles tres, einz Ptifierez de ceo le Roi, & irrez avant de fare h ley nyenf constresteantes meismes les tres; & q voš ferrez & pcurez le pfit du Roi & de sa Corone es routes choses ou vo9 le pÕrez faire resonablement: et en cas q vo9 soez trove^ en defaute desore, en nul des pointz ^avantditz, vo9 'srez en la volume du Roi des corps, tres, davoir, de faire ent ce q li plerra. (.)

. Si Dieu vous eide & routes ses Seyntes. Print,i Copk,.

Ex MS. Harl. No. 3652.

VOUS jurez, q bien & loialment Õsveretz a nre i le Roi & a son poeple en office de la Chancel- lerie, a quele vous estes attitle; & nassenterez ne pc'ez deshitteson ne ppetuel damage de nre (' le Roi a vre poair; ne fraude ferrez, ne pc'ez est fait a tort [de nul autre '] de poeple, nen chose q touche la gard del Seal. Et loialement [concelerez'] les choses q tou- chent le Roi q*nt vous srez en requis; Et le conseil quele vous saverez touchant lui concelerez. Et si vo9 savez deshitanz ou ppetuel damage du Roi, ou fraude estre fait sÕ choses q touchent la gard du dit seal, voš mettrez vre loial [peineJ] de ce redresser & amender, 8c si ce ne pÕrez faire, vous [assignerez ¥] le Chanel, ou autre q le poet (5) amender a vre entencion. Et addatÕ p cticis de cursu. Et vous ne porterez ne soeffrez estre porte a vre [assent,6] brief q vous ferrez hors du CoÕt, nient ensealle (7) Ne nul atto'ne recor- derez ne p brief ne sanz brief, (') si vous neiez loial- ment examinez la ptie & lattoÕne en ppre psone ou a meins celui qi ferra lattoÕne en ppre psone. Ne nul brief q soit de comandement ne [ferrez9] avant q mesme le brief soit comande a vous p comando^qi poair [eit:lu] Et touz lez briefs q vous ferrez, hVez as examinoÕs p vre main demesne (") et ( ) nu ne esc'pt dautri main liv'ez as examino's ( Õ)¥

. de nully MS. Hart, 328S.--dascuns dGpjes'-

...i MS.H.r,.4È7Vv <%£?££

aviserez Printed Copies. Printed Copies-

Ô esc,ent MS. Harl. 4871 ¥' MS-Cott-XPI- r 7 dent faire execution; Printed <&*¥Õ

. sauns especial counge, et Copies-

v liverez a les examinours ne Ò Ò ^ # un des master. .¡en eit, sil ne soit a ChanceUou , PfinltiCcfm: que vous commandera de faire au Roi, s>

^ .. ou par une compa.gnon qu. mahdie, oÈ

mesmes soiez hors du cou pc Printed Copies- cause necessaire ne les poez tai

que Printed Copies. v0StrC) ãe nul noun f¡?U

.3 soutz vostre noun com q, Ž0us eide D>

le vostre metres sur vos briefs.

Seintes. Printed Copses-

Anno 23¡ EDWARD I, III. A.D.1349.

it

n

it

ã DÕpc'ÈmaÒe

facienSde

iricnubj.

*u

ilj i

C*i

Wii

È(|

¥fit

IB2IH i k(k raÇp kill;

IIB)

Ž

kji

Bb

. III!

iak

but

tš

10

mt

JJIJ

tei

P

tiii

1-

a*

È*

H

Ex Rot. Claus. 23 Ed. III. P.i. m. 8, d.

RVi? [Kane" 3 Sattm. Quia magna ps ppli & ¥ maxime opariojt & 9vientiu jam in ista pesti- lencia est defun&a, nonnulli [videndes Õ] necessitatem dnojs & paucitatem svientu svire nolunt nisi salaria recipiant excessiva, & alii mendicare malentes in ocio q*m p laborem querere viftu suu ; Nos pensantes g'via que ex carencia psertim culto£ & oparioi? hujusmodi pvenire possent incomoda, sup hoc cum platis & nobi- lib3 & pitis aliis nob assistentiby delibacoem buim9 & traftatu; de quo£ unanimi consilio duxim9 ordinand: Qd quilibet homo & femina regni nri Angt, cujus- cumq, condicois fSit libe vel svilis, potens in corpore & infra etatem sexaginta anno£, non vivens de merca- tura, nec ?tum execens artificiu, nec hens de suo pprio unde vi9e vel tram ppriam circa culturam cujus se po?it occupare, & alti non sviens, si de sviendo in Svicio congruo considerato statu suo fSit requisitus, svire teneat' illi qui ipm sic duxit requirend; & pci- piat dumtaxat vadia libacoes irJcedes seu salaria, que in locis ubi 9vire debeat consueta sunt prestari anno regni nri Angt vicesimo, vel annis coibj quinq, vel sex px pcedentibj. Proviso qd dni pferant' aliis in nativis seu tram sua tenentibj sic in svicio suo retinend. Ita tamen qd hujusmodi dni sic retineant tot quot sibi fSint necessarii & non plures; & si tfis vir vel mulier, sic de 9viendo requisitus vel requisita, hoc fa8e noluit, hoc pbato p duos fideles holes coram Vic [Ballivo diio *] aut Constabular ville ubi hoc fieri contigit, statim p eos vel eoj? alique capiat" & mittat' pxie Gaole, & ibidem sub arta moret' custodia quousq, securitatem inveSit de sviendo in forma pdca.

Et si messor, falcator aut alius oparius vel sviens, cujuscuq, stat9 fiVit seu condicois, in Svicio alicujus retentus, ante finem tmini concordat!, a dco Svicio sine causa ronabili vel licencia recesserit, penam impriso- namenti subeat, et nullus sub eadem pena talem in Svicio suo recipe vel retinere psumat. Nullus eciam vadia libacoes recedes seu salaria majora solito sicut pdem est alicui solvat vel solve pniittat; nec aliquis ea alio modo exigat vel recipiat, sub pena dupli illius quod sic solutum [pmissum fuit, aut exaclum vel re- ceptum4] illi qui ex hoc se senserit g'vatu (') ; & nullo tti volenti psequi, tunc cuicunuy de populo qui hoc psecutus fSit applicand; et fiat hujusmodi psecucio in Cur dni loci quo tiis casus accident: & si dni villa;? vel manJiop corn* psentem ordinacbem nram, p se vel mi- nistros suos, in aiiquo venire psumpserint, tunc in Com Wapentach Sc Trithingis, vel aliis Cur nris hujusmodi, ad pena tripli p eos vel ministros suos sic soluti vel pmissi, in forma pdca fiat psecucio conf eos; et si forsan ali.quis ante psentem ordinacoem cum aiiquo de sic sviendo p majori salario conveSit, ipe rone dee convencois ad solvend ult4 id quod alias tti consuetu est solve minime reneat'; immo solve plus sub pena pdca non psumat.

1 Interlined on the Roll: Old Printed Copies read

Ò Edwardus Dei gracia See. Venerabili in Xpo patri W. eadem gracia Archiepo Cantuarie tocius Anglie Primati, Salutem.Ó

! videntes MS. Reg. 19 A. XIV.

1 Ballivis Domini Regis Printed Copies.

* Interlined on the Roll.

1 hoc prosequenti Printed Copies.

The Statute op Labourers.1

For malting Proclamation concerning Servants.

L

Who shall be bound to

The Rate of Wages fixed.

rTJ'DWARD by the Grace of God, &c. to the Reve- L Jl2j rend Father in Christ, William, by the same grace Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of all Eng.land,1] Greeting. Because a great Part of the People, and especially of Workmen and Servants, late died of the Pestilence, many seeing the Necessity of Masters, and great Scarcity of Servants, will not serve unless they may receive excessive Wages, and some rather willing to beg in Idleness, than by Labour to get their Living; We, considering the grievous Incommodities, which of the lack especially of Ploughmen and such La.bourers may hereafter come, have upon deliberation and treaty with the Prelates and the Nobles, and Learned Men assisting Us, of their mutual counsel Ordained:

THAT every Man and Woman of our Realm of England, of what condition he be, free or bond, able in body, and within the age of threescore years, not ^rveTwhen living in Merchandize, nor exercising any Craft, nor required having of his own whereof he may live, nor proper Land, about whose Tillage he may himself occupy, and not serving any other, if he in convenient Service, his estate considered, be required to serve, he shall be bounden to serve him which so shall him require; and take only the Wages, Livery, Meed, or Salary, which were accustomed to be given in the places where he oweth to serve, the xx. year of our Reign of Eng.land, or five or six other common years next before.

Provided always, lhat the Lords be preferred before other in their Bondmen or their Land Tenants, so in their Service to be retained: so that nevertheless the said Lords shall retain no more than be necessary for them; and if any such Man or Woman, being so re- Persons quired to serve, will not the same do, that proved by two refusing to true Men before the Sheriff, [or the Bailiffs of our So- 8erve.Õ(hal* be vereign Lord the King, or the Constables5] of the Town lmpnsone where the same shall happen to be done, he shall anon be taken by them or any of them, and committed to the next Gaol, there to remain under strait keeping, till he find surety to serve in the form aforesaid.

ITEM, If any Reaper, Mower, or other Workman or Servant, of what estate or condition that he be, re.tained in any ManÕs Service, do depart from the said Service without reasonable Cause or Licence, before the Term agreed, he shall have Pain of Imprisonment.

And that none under the same Pain presume to receive or to retain any such in his Service.

ITEM, That no Man pay, or promise to pay, any Servant any more Wages, Liveries, Meed, or Salary The old than was wont, as afore is said ; nor that any in other WaSf5>and manner shall demand or receive the same, upon Pain of doubling of that, that so shall be paid, promised, required, or received, to him which thereof shall feel himself grieved, pursuing for the same; and if none such will pursue, then the same to be applied to any of the People that will pursue ; and such Pursuit shall be in the Court of the Lord of the Place where such Case shall happen.

ITEM, If the Lords of the Towns or Manors pre.sume in any Point to come against this present Ordi- Lords of nance either by them, or by their Servants, then Pursuit Xowns or shall be made against them in the Counties, Wapen- takes, Tithings, or such other Courts, for the Treble (hall fo rfeit Pain paid or promised by them or their Servants in the Treble Value, form aforesaid ; and if any before this present Ordi.nance hath covenanted with any so to serve for more Wages, he shall not be bound by reason of the same Covenant, to pay more than at another time was wont to be paid to such Person; nor upon the said Pain shall presume any more to pay.

1 An Ordinance concerning Labourers and Servants.

* The King to the Sheriff of Kent, 1 Bailiff, Lord or Constable

II.

Labourer! departing from their Service impriioned.

III.

no more, (hall be given to Servants.

IV.

Voi.. I.

4t

4*0.1349.

0

V.

Wipes of Artificers.

Offenders shall be imprisoned.

VI.

Viffuals shall be sold at reasonable Prices.

Penalty for

telling

otherwise.

Mayors and Bailiffs of Cities shall inquire of Offenders.

Penalty against Mayors and Bailiffs for Negligence.

VII.

No Person shall give any thing to a Beggar that is able to labour.

ITEM, That Sadlers, Skinners, White-tawers, Cord- wainers, Taylors, Smiths, Carpenters, Masons, Tilers, [Shipwrights,'3 Carters, and all other Artificers and Workmen, shall not take for their Labour and Work.manship above the same that was wont to be paid to such Persons the said twentieth year, and other common years next before, as afore is said, in the Place where they shall happen to work ; and if any Man take more, he shall be committed to the next Gaol, in manner as afore is said.

ITEM, That Butchers, Fishmongers, [Regrators,1] Hostelers, Brewers, Bakers, Pulters, and all other Sellers of all manner of Visual, shall be bound to sell the same Vi&ual for a reasonable Price, having respeft to the Price that such Vi&ual be sold at in the Places ad.joining, so that the same Sellers have moderate Gains, and not excessive, reasonably to be required according to the distance of the Place from whence the said Victuals be carried ; and if any sell such Victuals in any other manner, and thereof be convict in the manner and form aforesaid, he shall pay the Double of the same that he so received, to the Party damnified, or, in Default of him, to any other that will pursue in this behalf: And the Mayors and Bailiffs of Cities, Bo.roughs, Merchant-Towns, and others, and of the [Ports of the Sea, and other Places,Õ] shall have Power to in.quire of all and singular which shall in any thing offend the same, and to levy the said Pain to the Use of them at whose Suit such Offenders shall be convift; and in case that the same Mayors and Bailiffs be neg.ligent in doing Execution of the Premises, and thereof be convict before our Justices, by Us to be assigned, then the same Mayors and Bailiffs $hall be compelled by the same Justices to pay the Treble of the Thing so sold to the Party damnified, or to any other in Default of him that will pursue; and nevertheless towards Us they shall be grievously punished.

ITEM, Because that many [valiant4] Beggars, as long as they may live of begging, do refuse to labour, giving themselves to Idleness and Vice, and sometime to Theft and other Abominations ; none upon the said Pain of Imprisonment shall, under the colour of Pity or Alms, give any thing to such, which may labour, or presume to favour them [towards their Desires,5] so that thereby they may be compelled to labour for their necessary Living.

' Boatmen MS.Tr. 7.

* Not in Original; nor in MS. Tr. a ; nor Old Printed Copies.

3 Ports and Places of the Sea, MS. Tr. 7.

* right myghti and strong MS. Tr. 7. 'in their sloth

We command you, firmly enjoining, that all and singular the Premises in the Cities, Boroughs, Market Towns, Sea.ports, and other Places in your Bailiwick, where you shall think expedient, as well within Liberties as without, you do cause to be publickly proclaimed, and to be observed and duly put in Execution as aforesaid ; and this by no means omit, as you regard UÇ and the common Weal of our Realm, and would save yourself harmless. Witness the King at Westminster the 18th day of June. By the King himself and the whole Council.

Like Writs are directed to the Sheriffs through England.

The King to the Reverend Father in Christ W. by the same Grace, Bishop of Winchester, Greeting. Ò Because a great part of the People," as before, until Ò for their neces.sary Living,Ó and then thus: And therefore We intreat you that the Premises in every of the Churches, and other Places of your Diocese, which you shall think expedient, you do cause to be published; direfting the Parsons, Vicars, Ministers of such Churches and others under you, to exhort and invite their Parishioners by salutary admonitions, to labour, and to observe the Ordinances aforesaid, as the present necessity Tequireth : And that you do likewise moderate the Stipendiary Chaplains of your said Diocese, who, as it is said, do now in like manner refuse to serve without an excessive Salary; and compel them to serve for the accustomed Salary, as it behoveth them, under the Pain of Suspension and Interdi£L And this by no means omit, as you regard Us and the common Weal of our said Realm. Witness, 8cc. as before.

By the King himself and the whole Council.

Like Letters of Request are dire£led to the several Bishops of England, and to the Keeper of the Spiritualties of the Archbishoprick of Canterburv, during the Vacancy of the See, under the same date.

(') See the Note in

Item Sellarii, pelletarii, allutar, sutores, cissores Fabri, Carpentar, Cementar, Tegular, batellar, careftaf & quicut^ alii artifices & opar, non capiant p Ubore & artificio suo ulf id quod d2o anno vicesitno & aliis coib3 annis pcedentibj ut pWttit', in locis quib5 eos opari contigit talibj solvi consuevit; et si quis plus recepit gaole pxie modo quo ^mimf comittaf.

Item qd Camifices, Piscenar, Hostellar, Braciatores, Pistof, Pullettar, & omes alii Venditores ViaualiQ quojcumq,, teneant' hujusmodi viftualia vendere p p>cio ronabili, ftita considerac&e ad p>ciu quo hujusmodi viftualia in locis ppinquis venduntr: Ita qd heant hu- jusmodi venditores moderatum lucru, non excessivu, put distancia loco}; a quibj viftualia hujusmodi cariant' duxit ronabili? requirend; et si quis vidualia hujusmodi alio modo vendiderit, & inde in forma p>dca convidhis f8it, solvat duplu illius quod recepit dampnificato, vel in defeu illius al?i qui psequi volffit in hac pte: Ç heant potestatem Major & Ballivi Civitatu & Burgoj v*Ha? iScatoriap & alia};, ac portuu & locoj maritimo}, ad inquirend de omibj & singtis qui corn* hoc in ali- quo deliquerint, & ad pena p>dcam ad opus illop, ad quo}; sedla hujusmodi delinquentes conviQi f$int, le. vand; & in casu quo iidem Major & Ballivi execucoem P'missoj face neclexlint, & de hoc coram Justif p nos assignand convifti fSint, tunc iidem Major & Ballivi ad triplu rei sic vendite hujusmodi dampnificato, vel al?i in defeu illius psequenti, solvend p eosdem Justic compellant', & nichilominus 9sus nos gÕvi? puniantÕ.

Et quia multi validi mendicantes, qÕmdiu possent ex mendicatis elemosinis vi9e, laborare renuunt, vacando ociis & peccatis & quandoq^ latrociniis & aliis flagiciis, nullus sub pena imprisonamenti p>dca, talibj qui comode laborare po?unt, sub colore pietatis vel elimosine quic- qÔm dare seu eos in sua desidia confovere psumat, ut sic compellant' p vite necessaf laborare.

[ 1 Tibi pcipimš firnri? injungentes qd pmissa omia 8c sin.gula in Civitatlb; Burgis 8c Villis nlcatoriis Portub; Maris 8c aliis locis in balliva tua ubi expedire videris, tarn infra libtates q"m ext*, publice pclamari & teneri, 8c exccuroem debitaminde fieri fac, sicut pdem est; Et hoc sicut nos 8c cocm utilitatem regni nri diligis 8c te ipm indempnem ?vare voltlis nullatenus

omittas. T. R. apud Westm xviij die Junii.

p ipm £ 8c tot cons.

Consitia bria dirigunt' singulis Vicecomitibj p Angt.

B vefiabili in xpo pn W. eadem gfa Epo Wynton, Salfo. Tula magna ps populi Sec. ut s* usq, p vite necessano labo- ie, Sc tunc sic : Et ideo vos rogamÕ qd PW m ^

ccili. & loci. r-rc aÇ 1È*> "JÒÒ

id, mandantei R.a.rib,,

i in,, .ubditis .FU. Ç ]**>.ÈÒ Ò¥ Ò JS I.-

enend ordinaoocs fldcas, a.cui ,n*tÈMnec< |linosSn.

¥ibj monitis solicitent 8c mducant: os ec n0|uat

.endiarios dee vre dioc, qui sim.li ^jpconsttcto sa-

it dici? ?vire salario, compescatis , compeUatÇ'

ario put expedit, sub pena ~ diligto,

Et hoc sicut no, Sc coem utthtatem dc. regn lullatenus omittatis T. ut È*¥ ^ ,_m Rcgem & totu cons.

¥ o\ . ac CusK*1'

Coni Ire rogative dirigunt* Ò^e, sub ^

Jpualitatis Archiepatus Cantuar, sede

lata.']

the next succeeding Page-


A.D. 1349.

23¡ Edwardi, III

309

i

t

n

i\

k

s

ÔÇc

ilH

N

pk

lisn

¥ft

*Ç

m

f*'p

fcF

.M

ik

P2S

in:

¥IN'

. in

Èsi

SIS'

**

i*

in

Ç<

!SS'

Ilf

if

y

Ž

it

t

The following Conclusion of the foregoing Ordinance is from the Oldest Printed Copy of the Text, the various Readings are from MS. Reg. 19 A. XIV. in The British Museum, from whence this Ordinance was printed in CayÕs Edition of the Statutes: In that Manuscript it is entitled ¥ Statutum de Operands.Õ The Translation is from the Edition published by the KingÕs Printers in 16(8, usually called RastalTs.

Per quod dominus Rex xiiij die Juoii anno regni sui vice- simo ?cio, singulis Vicecomitibj Anglie per diversa brevia pcepit, q> premissa omnia & singula I Comitatibus, Burgis, Villis mcrcator, portubus maritinis, 8c aliis locis in baillivis suis ubi expediii viderint publice pclamari 8c teneri, & execucionem debitam inde fieri facerent ut predittum est. Subsequenter [enim'] Dominus Rex, ex populari questione accipiens ipsum populum ppter huiusmodi excessiva Stipendia Liberaciones, Ec pcia, que aUvitoribus operatoribus 8c artificib9 coaclo solvebantur, [ali?Ô] deprimi [sub5] decima & quite- decima ipsu ptingentes solvi no poterant, nisi aliud remediu pvideretr, avertensq, coaflioncs extorciones fore manifestas, 8c non fuit aliq's qui contra huiusmodi delinquent psequebatur, ad dittu comort sic ordinatu optincndu, per quod equali? con- sonebat, ut quod usib9 singularibus sic ordinatu fuerit appli- candii, ipsis no prosequentibus r.ec prosequi volentibus in pub.licum cGmodum coverteretur, ex deliberacione consilii sui adi- ciedo duxerit ordinandum, q, omnes 8c singuli operarii, fvientes Sc artifices, q,Ô viri q,1 mulieres, cujuscuq, status vel codicionis fuerint, [pluis *] p [laborariis '] fviciis 8c artificiis suis q* anno vicesimo, 8c aliis annis supradi&is, solebant capere capientes, ad totam ilia summa q"m ultra recepint, cu aliis sumis ta p tpe tuo pterito q¡ stipedia salaria liberates 8c pcia augmetata fuerit, ta p tpe tuc futuro, assiderctÕ q, tota ilia siima ultra sic recepta (6) singtis eo^d levaret' 8c colliget' ad op9 regis, [i allienacoej <] sigtaf villa]: uti di&i artifices fvitores 8c oparii fuerit, 8c i auxiliu solucois sumai> ad q*s eed ville seu hoies ea^, [8c8] decima 8c q'ntadecima tuc adhuc curretes fuerit assessi; Ita semp finitis decima 8c q'ntadecima, tota ilia pecunia liberacoes 8c pcia, vt valores liberacionu co^d, q ultra ut pmittitr ex tuc [rcipet 9] ab eis 8c eorum singulis, ad opus Regis in subleviacionem 8c supportacioncm regni Anglie, per illos quos ad hoc diceret Rex assignandum le- varentur 8c colligerentur; [illis quilo] propter hoc servire rennuunt, vel summas per cos sic ultra receptas & sup [eas"] assessas solvere, 8c artificia sua 8c opa exercere, statim p taxatores 8c colleflores decime 8c quitedecime pdicla^ vel eo^ alique, ("¥) in singulis villis ad pmissa exequeda deputand, vel p baillivos locoru seu costabularios villa^, cu de hoc eis costaret, arestarentur 8c gaole ^mitterent', in eod defined quousq, ad servied securitatem pstiterint, 8c solverint q, sic ultra receperint, juxta ordinaciones easd, vt donee aliud inde rex duxerit demandand. Et sep itccionis extitit regis 8c consilii sui tj secund prima ordinacione, liceret 8c liceat cuilibet 9tra excedentes eadem vel ei non parentes pseq', 8c applicari suo usui quod p [ipsum ,5] pcedit' psequet1 8cc. ('.¥) Et ideo mandat dns rex Archiepiscopis 8c Episcopis, q, pre.missa in singulis locis dioc suajj quibuscunq, facere publicari mand reftorib9 8c aliis subdiocesanis, q, pochianos suos ad la- borand, juxta teporis necessitatem solit indicia, ac eciam cappttanos stipendia? didie sue diocesis, qÕ jam dum excessive capiut & nolnt ut dicit' p sallario 9petenti, compescantur ad Sviendum pro consueto sallario put expedit, sub pena sus- pensionis 8c interdidii, coropellentes. Et hoc sicut nos 8c comune utilitatem regni nostri diligitis nullatenus omittatis. D. 8cc. die 8c anno supra didtis.

1 idm * taliter 3 qd

4 pi9 5 laboribj 6 a

5 in alleviacoe * ad

9 pcipent 8c recipent IO et illi qui forsan

" cos I! seu alios p illos vel eo} aliquem

Õ* ipnt '< Explicit MS. Reg.

Wherefore our said Sovereign Lord the King, the xiiij. day of June, the xxiij. year of his Reign, hath commanded to all Sheriffs of England by divers Writs, that they shall do openly to be proclaimed and holden, all and singular the pre.mises in the Counties, Boroughs, Merchant Towns, Sea-ports, and other places in their Bailiwicks where to them shall seem expedient, and that they do thereof due execution, as afore is said.

Subsequently, our Sovereign Lord the King perceiving by the common complaint, that his People, for such excessive Stipend, Liveries and Prices, which to such Servants, La.bourers, and Workmen were constrainedly paid, be oppressed, and that the Disme and Quinzime to him attaining might not be paid, unless Remedy were therefore provided : Regard.ing also the Coaftions and manifest Extortions, and that there was no man which against such Offenders did pursue for the said Commodity so ordained to be obtained : Wherefore it was consonant, that that Thing which was ordained to be applied to singular Uses, seeing that the same Persons did not nor would not pursue, should be converted to a Publick and Com.mon Profit, by the Advice of his Counsel hath Ordained, That all and singular Workmen, Servants, and Artificers, as well Men as Women, of whatsoever estate or condition they be, taking moie for their Labours, Services, and Workman.ship than they were wont to take the said xx. year and other years aforesaid, should be assessed to the same Sum, which they shall receive over and above with other Sums, as well for the Time past, when the Stipend, Wages, Liveries and Prices were augmented, as for the Time then to come ; and that the said whole Sum received over and above, should be levied of every of them and gathered to the KingÕs Use, in Alleviation of every of the Towns whereof the said Artificers, Servants, and Labourers be, towards the Payments of the Sums cf the Disme and Quinzime yet running, whereunto the same Towns or People of the same were assessed. So that always, the same Disme and Quinzime ended, all the same Money, Liveries, and Prices, or the Value of the same Liveries, which, as afore is said, should be over and above received of them and every of them, should be levied and ga.thered by them whom the King will thereto assign, to the KingÕs Use, in Alleviation and Supportation of the Realm of England: And that they which for the same to serve, or the said Sums so by them over and above received, and before assessed, to pay, and their Crafts and Work to exercise, do refuse, they shall be incontinently arrested by the Taxers and Collectors of the said Disme and Quinzime, or any of them, (1) in every of the said Towns deputed to execute the premises, or hy the Bailiffs of the Places or Constables of the Towns, when they be thereof certified, and committed to the Gaol, there to remain till they have found Surety to serve, and shall pay that that they shall above receive, according to the same Ordi- mnees, or till the King shall some other Thing thereof demand- And always it is the Intent of the King and of his Counsel, that according to the first Ordinance, it should be lawful, and shall be lawful, to every Man to pursue against all exceeding the same, or not obeying to the same, and the thing recovered to be applied to his own Use. And therefore our said Sove.reign Lord the King hath commanded all Archbishops and Bishops that they do to be published the Premises in all Places of their Dioceses, commanding the Curates and other Sub.diocesans, that they compel their Parochians to labour, ac.cording to the Necessity of the Time, and also their Stipendiary Priests of their said Dioceses which do now excessively take, and will not, as it is said, serve for a competent Salary, [as hath been accustomed,1] upon Pain of Suspension and Inter- didlion : And that in no wise ye omit the same, as ye love Us and the Common Wealth of our Realm. Dated the day and year aforesaid.

1 or by others, by them or any of them 1 to serve for the accustomed Salary, as is expedient.

Anno 25¡ ED WARD I, III. A.D.1350-1 & 1351-2 *

tS8*" ^tatutum pÕ me qui natt sunt tn pttt* tangmarfnte-

De anno Dtcestmo qutnto ft. e. tÕtft.

A STATUTE for those who are bom in Parts beyond Sea. Of the Twenty-fifth Year of K. EDWARD, The Third.

Tile KingÕi

Children

declared

inheritable

in England)

where soever

born.

The Children of certain Persons born beyond the Sea declared inheritable.

All Children born beyond Sea, of Parenta in the KingÕs Allegiance, henceforth inheritable.

Trial of Bastardy in auch Cases.

Statute the First.!

OUR Lord the King, at his Parliament holden at Westminster, at the Utas of the Purification of our Lady, the year of his Reign of England the Five and twentieth, and of France the Twelfth, considering the great Mischiefs and Damages which have happened to the People of his Realm of England, as well because that the Statutes ordained before this Time have not been holden and kept as they ought to be, as because of the mortal Pestilence that late reigned, and willing to provide for the Quietness and common Profit of his said People convenient Remedy; therefore by the Assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men, and all the Commons of his said Realm summoned to the Parliament, hath ordained and established the Things underwritten, videlicet: Because that some People be m doubt if the Children bom in the Parts beyond the Sea, out of the Ligeance of England, should be able to demand any Inheritance within the same Ligeance, or not, whereof a Petition was put in the Parliament late holden at Westminster, the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of our Lord the King that now is, and was not at the same Time wholly assented; our Lord the King, willing that all Doubts and Ambiguities should be put away, and the Law in this Case declared and put in a Certainty, hath charged the said Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other wise Men of his Council, assembled in this Parliament, to deliberate upon this Point; all which of one assent have said, That the Law of the Crown of England is, and always hath been such, that the Chil.dren of the Kings of England, in whatsoever Parts they be bom, in England or elsewhere, be able and ought to bear the Inheritance after the death of their Ancestors; which Law our said Lord the King, the said Prelates Earls, Barons, and other great Men, and all the Com.mons assembled in this Parliament, do approve and affirm for ever. And in the Right of other Children born out of the Ligeance of England in the Time of our Lord the King, they be of one Mind accorded, that Henry Son of John de Beaumond, Elizabeth Daughter of Guy de Bryan, and Giles Son of Ralph Dawbeny, and other which the King will name, which were bom beyond the Sea, out of the Ligeance of England, shall be from henceforth able to have and enjoy their Inhe.ritance after the death of their Ancestors, in all Parts within the Ligeance of England, as well as those that should be bom within the same Ligeance. And that all Children Inheritors, which from henceforth shall be bom without the Ligeance of the King, whose Fathers and Mothers at the Time of their Birth be and shall be at the Faith and Ligeance of the King of England, shall have and enjoy the same Benefits and Advantages, to have and bear the Inheritance within the same Ligeance, as the other Inheritors aforesaid in Time to come ; so always, that the Mothers of such Children do pass the Sea by the Licence and Wills of their Husbands. And if it be alledged against any such born beyond the Sea, that he is a Bastard, in case where the Bishop ought to have Cognisance of Bastardy, it shall be commanded to the Bishop of the Place where the Demand is, to certify the KingÕs Court where the Plea thereof hangeth, as of old Times hath been used in the Case of Bastardy alledged against them which were bom in England.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 19.

Nre Seign' le Roi, a son plement tenuz a Westm a les Oetaves de la Purificacion de nre Dame lan de son regne DengletVe vintisme quint, & de Pace douszisme, considerant les g'ntz meschiefs & damages q sont avenuz au poeple de son roialme Dengletre sibien pr ce q les estatuz devant ces heures ordenez nount mie este tenuz & gardez come ils decent, come p cause de la pestilence mortiele q nadgairs dura| & veullant p'voier au quiete & coe pfit de son poeple sÕ ce reraed covenable, p assent de Prelatz, Countz, Barons & autre g'ntz, & tote la Coe de son dit roiÕ alme, au dit plement somons, ad ordene & establi les choses souzescriptes, Cest assavoir: p' ce q ascunes gentz estoient en awere si les enfantz neez es pties de dela, dehors la ligeance dengletVe, sroient ables a demander hitage deinz meisme la ligeance ou nemie de quoi peticion feust mis autrefoitz en plement tenuz a Weymonster lan nre dit SeignÕ le Roi dys & sep- tisme, & ne feust mie a tieu temps en tout assentu, nre dit SeignÕ le Roi, veulliant q totes doutes & awers feussent oustez & la lei en ce cas declaree & mis en (Vein, fist charger les Prelatz, Countz, Barons, & auts sages de son conseil, assemblez a ce parlement, a faire delifeacion s' cel point; Les queux dun assent ount dit q la lei de la Corone Dengletre est, & ad este touz jours tiele, q les enfantz des Rois Dengletre, queu part qils soient neez en EngletVe ou aillo's, sont ables & deivent porter heritage, ap*s la mort lour aim- cests ; la quele lei nre Seign' le Roi, les ditz Prelatz, Countz, Barons, tc au?s g'ntz, & tote la Coe assemblez el dit plement, approevent & afferment p' touz jours: et endroit des auts enfantz, neez hors de la ligeance DengletVe en temps de nre dit Seign' le Roi, si sont ils uniement acordez q Henri fitz Johan de Beaumound, Elizabeth fit! Guy de Bryan, & Giles fitz Rauf Daube- neye, au?s qux le Roi vorra nomer' J qi nasquirent p dela hors de la ligeance DengletVe, soient desore ables davoir & enjoier leur fiitages, ap^s la mort lour auncesrs tote ptz deinz la ligeance Dengletre, si avant come ceux qi nasquirent deinz meisme la ligeance: et q touz les enfantz heriters, qi sront neez desore dehors la ligeance le Roi, des queux enfantz les piere & miere au temps du nestre sont & Õ3ront a la foi & de la ligeance du Roi DenglePre, eient & enjoient meismes les bnfice & avan- tage dap & porter heritage deinz la dite ligeance, come les au?s heriters avantditz, en temps avenir; Issint totes foitz q les mieres de tieux enfantz passent la meer p conge & volunte de lour barons. F.t si alleggee soit, contr . nul tiel nee p dela, qil est bastard, en cas ou I^vesqdo.t avoir conissance de bastardie, soit maunde a evesq, Ò lieu la ou la demande est de ?tifier la Court le Ro. ou 1 pie ent pend,sicome auncienement ad este bastardie, alegge centre ceux qi nasquirent en Eng e

1 Interlined on the Roll. RÈ<- PÒr^ rea<i!> S š qi nasqirent.Ó _

, 1 ^ Statutes of the

¥ In all former Printed Copies the several Statutes of this Year have been inaccurately VÓ"8' Õ !j;' t0 the Dates of Ôhe respective Parliaments being intermixed with each other. In the present Volume yj*re. P/!n.1 . 0f the Six Statutes entett Parliaments, and in the order in which they are entered on the Statute Roll. The Effect o t 11s 1 former Printed Copies-

on the Statute Roll, Statute the Fifth is the only one which retains the same Place in this Vo um nt ^ 0f Ed. Ill-

f This has been given as Statute the Second of this Year in all former Printed Copies. e a, enfantz nez pdcla, de*

P. I. nu.41. is an Entry of this Statute, as part of a Statute entitled in the Margin marchzmlises vendre, &c.Õ


XXV.

Çt

s

SiÈ

ÈÈ

aii

mil

'!.

'ÇlÈ!

Bit

III

Wl

ifil

Sb

¥ht

nit:

nil

F

1GI it all

sDac

tiii

aim

fe?s

it St

'mp

to im fcs

b'b

?.È

list

š*

I*1

Jfš

.Mf

Jl*s

xml

rlÈ

jet

IP

if

i*

W

W

to

f}

to

if*

5!

È'

if

i

Sitatuta tn i& ltantento trnto apiin 52leBtm, tn 4Drta&tB ^uriffcaeÕots &Õe flj&arte mtrgtnts anno regnt 20nl aEtolbartn iaegtB anglte $ frantic, angV toi&eltcet totceBtmo qutnto, regnt tiero But jfranete DuoDecUno.

STATUTES in the Parliament holden at WESTMINSTER,

In the O&ave of the Purification of the Blessed Virgin Mary; in the Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord EDWARD King of England and of France, to wit of England the Twenty-fifth, and of his Reign of France the Twelfth.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 18.

COME nadgairs contre la malice de Qvantz, queux furent pciouses et nient voillantz Õsvir aps la pestilence, sanz trop outrageouses lowers pndre, feut ordine p nre Seignr le Roi, & p assent des {?latz, Nobles & autres de son conseil, q tieux ma8s des Svantz, sibien homes come femes, fussent tenuz de €vir, receyvantz salaries & gages accustumez es lieus ou ils deVont svir, lan du regne le dit nre Seignr le Roi vintisme, ou cynk ou sis annz devant, et q mes- mes les svantz refusantz Õsvir p autiele ma8e fuissent punys p emprisonement de lour corps, sicome en mesme lordenance est contenuz plus au playn; Sur quoi comissions furent faites as dieses gentz en ches- cun Counte, denquere & punir touz ceaux q venissent au cont*ire; Et ja p tant q done est entendre a nre dit Seignr le Roi, en cest psent plement, p la peti- cion de la comune, q les ditz Svantz nient eiantz re.gard a la dite ordenance, mes a lour eses et singulers covetises, se retreent de svir as gÔntz ou as autrs sils neyent liv'esons & lowers, au duble ou treble de ceo qils soloient pndre le dit an vintisme & devant, a g*nt damage des g*ntz, & empovericement des touz ceux de la dite coe, dont il estoit prie p mesme la coe de remedie ; p quoi en mesme le plement, p assent des Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & autres g*ntz, & de la dite coe illoqs assemblez, pr refreyndre la malice des ditz svantz sont ordenes et estables les choses suzescriptz, Cest assavoir: q chescun charetter, Caruer, Chaceour des carues, Bercher, Porcher, Deye, & touz autres svantz pignent liv*esons & lowers accustumes le dit an vintisme & quatr annz devant ; issint qen pays ou furment soleit estre done p>ignent pr le Bussel x. d. ou furment a la volume le donr, tanq, autrement soit ordeigne; et qils soient allowes de Õsvir p lan entier, ou autres tines usuels, & nemye p journes, & q nul pigne en temps de sarcler ou feyns faire forq^ j. d. le jor; & fauchours des pez pr lacre v. d. ou p la joÕne v. d. & Sciours des blees en la primere symaigne daust ij. d. & en la seconde iij. d. & issint tanq^ au fyn Daust, & meyns en pays ou meyns soleit estre done, saunz mangier ou autre curtoysie demander, doner ou pndre; & q tieux ov*ours portent ovtement en lour meyns as villes marchantz lour instrumentz, & illoeqes soient alowes en lieu coe & nemye prive.

Itm q nul pigne pr le batre de un quarter de fur.ment ou segle, outre ij. d. ob. & p' le quarter dorge, feves, poys & aveynes j. d. ob. si tant soleit estre done ; et en pays ou home soleit scier pÕ c?teyns garbes, & batre pr c?teyns busseux, ne pigne plus nen autre manere qil soleit le dit an vintisme & devant; & q mesmes les Svantz soient sermentez deuxfoitz p an,

Statute the Second.*

WHEREAS late against the Malice of Servants, which were idle, and not willing to serve after the Pestilence, without taking excessive Wages, It was ordained by our Lord the King, and by Assent of the Prelates, [Earls, Barons,'J and other of his Council, That such manner of Servants, as well Men as Women, should be bound to serve, receiving Salary and Wages, accustomed in Places where they ought to serve in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of the King that now is, or five or six Years before ; and that the same Servants refusing to serve in such Manner should be punished by Imprisonment of their Bodies, as in the said Statute is more plainly contained : Whereupon Commissions were made to divers People in every County to enquire and punish all them which offend against the same: And now forasmuch as it is given the King to understand in this present Parliament, by the Petition of the Common.alty, that the said Servants having no regard to the said Ordinance, but to their Ease and singular Covetise, do withdraw themselves to serve great Men and other, un.less they have Livery and Wages to the double or treble of that they were wont to take the said Twentieth Year, and before, to the great damage of the great Men, and impoverishing of all the said Commonalty, whereof the said Commonalty prayeth Remedy: Wherefore in the said Parliament, by the Assent of the said Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men, (') of the same Common.alty there assembled, to refrain the Malice of the said Servants, be ordained and established the Things under.written (J):

ITEM, That none take for the Threshing of a Quarter II. of Wheat or Rye over ii d. ob. and the Quarter of Bar- ThreÈherÈ. ley, Beans, Pease, and Oats, i d. ob. if so much were wont to be given ; and in the Country, where it is used to reap by certain Sheaves, and to thresh by certain Bushels, they shall take no more nor in other manner than was wont the said xx. year and before; and that Servant! to the same Servants l>e sworn Two Times in the Year ** ¥won>;

3 that is to wit MS.Tr a.

'inch

1 Nobles x and

4 huyred MS. Tr. 2.

FIRST, That Carters, Ploughmen, Drivers of the I. Plough, Shepherds, Swineherds, Deies, and all other Labourers in Servants, shall take Liveries and Wages, accustomed Hu,b>ndrT- the said Twentieth Year, or Four Years before; so that in the Country where Wheat was wont to be given, they shall take for the Bushel Ten pence, or Wheat at the Will of the Giver, till it be otherwise ordained.

And that they be [allowed 43 to serve by a whole year, Term of or by other usual Terms, and not by the Day; and Semce. that none pay in the Time of Sarcling or Hay-making WÈget. but a penny the day ; and a mower of Meadows for Mower*, the Acre Five pence, or by the Day Five pence; and Reapers of Com in the First Week of August Two pence, Reaper*, and the Second Three pence, and so till the end of August, and less in the Country where less was wont to be given, without Meat or Drink, or other courtesie to be demanded, given, or taken ; and that [all5] work- Mode of men bring openly in their Hands to the Merchant Towns Hinng. their Instruments, and there shall be hired in a common place and not privy.

¥ Statute the First in all former Printed Copies} and entitled 1 Statutum de Servientibus. The Statute of Labourers.Õ It is entered on the Parliament Roll of ay Edw. III. Part I. nu. 56, (Printed Copy nu. 47,) with the following Title in the Margin Ô Lestatut dartifit?* & sivauntz.Õ

1350-1,

Servants shall stay in their Service during Summer;

Saving in certain Counties.

Punishment for Offences.

III.

Wages of Carpenters, Masons, Tilers, See.

In Winter as settled by Justices. Carriers.

IV.

Cordwainers, Goldsmiths, Sadlers, &c.

Other

Artificers not specified.

V.

Stewards and Bailiffs shall certify Offenders to Justices.

The Justices shall enquire and punish.

before Lords, Stewards, Bailiffs, and Constables of every Town, to hold and do these Ordinances; and that none of them go out of the Town, where he dwelleth in the Winter, to serve the Summer, if he may serve in the same Town, taking as before is said. Saving that the People of the Counties of Stafford, Lancaster, and Derby, and People of Craven, and of the Marches of Wales and Scotland, and other Places, may come in Time of August, and labour in other Counties, and safely return, as they were wont to do before this Time ; and that those, which refuse to make such Oath, or to to perform that that they be sworn to, or have taken upon them, shall be put in the Stocks by the said Lords, Stewards, Bailiffs, and Constables of the Towns by Three Days or more, or sent to the next Gaol, there to re.main, till they will justify themselves. And that Stocks be made in every Town [by '] such occasion betwixt this and the Feast of Pentecost.

ITEM, That Carpenters, Masons, and Tilers, and other Workmen of Houses, shall not take by the Day for their Work, but in manner as they were wont, that is to say; A Master Carpenter iii d. and another

ii d. A Master [Free Mason *] iiii d. and other Masons

iii d. and their Servants i d. ob. Tylers iii d. and their Knaves i d. ob. and other Coverers of Fern and Straw iiid. and their Knaves id. ob. Plasterers and others Workers of Mudwalls, and their Knaves, by the same Manner, without Meat or Drink, i s. from Easter to Saint Michael; and from that time less, according to the Rate and Discretion of the Justices, which should be thereto assigned : And that they that make Carriage by Land or by Water, shall take no more for such Carriage to be made, than they were wont the said xx. year, and iiii. years before.

ITEM, That Cordwainers and Shoemakers shall not sell Boots nor Shoes, nor none other thing touching their Mystery, in any other manner than they were wont the said xx year: Item, that Goldsmiths, Sadlers, Horse- smiths, Sporriers, Tanners, Corners, Tawers of Lea.ther, Taylors, and other Workmen, Artificers and La.bourers, and all other Servants here not specified, shall be sworn before the Justices, to do and use their Crafts and Offices in the manner as they were wont to do the said xx. year, and in the Time before, without refusing the same because of this Ordinance j and if any of the said Servants, Labourers, Workmen, or Artificers, after such Oath made, come against this Ordinance, he shall be punished by Fine and Ransom, and Impri. sonment after the Discretion of the Justices.

ITEM, That the said Stewards, Bailiffs, and Consta.bles of the said Towns, be sworn before the same Justices, to inquire diligently by all the good Ways they may, of all them that come against this Ordinance, and to cer.tify the same Justices of their Names at all Times, when they shall come into the Country to make their Sessions; so that the same Justices [in certification1] of the same Stewards, Baillifs, and Constables, of the Names of the Rebels, shall do them to be attached by their Body, to be before the said Justices, to answer of such Con.tempts, so that they make fine and ransom to the King, in case they be attainted; and moreover to be com.manded to Prison, there to remain till they have found Surety, to serve, and take, and do their work, and to sell things vendible in the Manner aforesaid ; and in case that any of them come against his Oath, and be thereof attainted, he shall have Imprisonment of Forty Days ; and if he be another Time convict, he shall have Imprisonment of a Quarter of a Year, so that at every Time that he offendeth and is convitt, he shall have double Pain: And that the same Justices, at every Time they come [into the Country,] shall en.quire of the said Stewards, Bailiffs and Constables, if they have made a good and lawful certificate, or any conceal for Gift, Procurement, or affinity, and punish them by Fine and Ransom, if they be found guilty:

'for 1 freestone mason

3 on certificate

devant Seign's, Seneschals, Baillifs & Conestables rf chescune vtlle, a ceste chose tenir & fare, et 5 nul A euxirra hors de la ville ou il demoert en yver pur€ en estee, sil puisse avoir Svice en mesme la * pnant come devant est dit. Sauve q les gauz d Õ Countez de Stafford, Lancastre & Derby, & ¡gentz Ó Craven, & de la marche de Gales & Descoce, & auJ lieux puissent venir en temps Daust, de laborer en au tres Countes, & salvement ret'ner come ils soloient ffo avant ses heurs ; et q ceux q refusent de faire tic| sement, ou pfoumer ceo qils ount jures, ou empris sotent mys en ceppes p les ditz Seign's, Senescha^ Bailiffs & Conestables des villes, p trois jours ou pluis ou mandez a la pcheyn gaole, a demorer illoeos tana ils se voillent justicer; & q ceppes soient faitz en cha, cune ville p celle encheson entre cy & la Pentecost

Itm q Carpenters, Masons, Teglers & autres [*! Vours .] des mesons, ne pignent le jour p' lour oPeynge forsq, en maffe come ils soloient, cest assavoir Mesne Carpenter iij. d. & autre ij. d. mestre mason de franche peer iiij. d. & autre mason iij d. & lour svantzjd. ob. Teguler iij. d. & son garceon j. d. ob. & autre coPour de [ros & estreym1] iij. d. & son garceon j.d. ob. Item Plastrers & autres oPours des mures [darzill ¥] & lour garceons p mesme la maner; saunz mangier ou boire, cest assavoir de la Pasch tanq, a la Seynt Michel; & de cel temps meyns solonc lafferant & discrecion des Jus.tices qi 9ront a ce assignez: et q ceux q fount cariage,p fre ou p ewe, ne p>ignent pluis pr tiel cariage faire, qils ne soloient le dit an vintisme, & quatre annz devant.

Itm q Corvoisers ne suours ne vendent botes, sou- lers, nautre chose touchant lour mister p autre qils ne soleint le dit an vintisme: et qe Orfeures, Sellers, Ferrours des chivaux, Esporoners, Tannours, Correours, PellePs, Taillours, & touz autres oPours ar- tificiers & laborers, & touz autres €vantz nient especi- fiez, soient sermentez devant les dites Justices de faire & user lour artes & offices en manere come ils fesoient le dit an vintisme, & en temps devant, sanz les refuser p cause de ceste ordinance ; et si nul des ditz '3vantz laborers oePours ou artificers, ap*s tiel 'ament fait viegne encontre celle ordinance, soit puny p fin ranceon & emprisonement, selonc la discrecion des dites Justices.

Itm q les ditz Seneschalx, baillifs & Conestables des dites villes, soient €mentez devant meismes les Jus.tices denquere diligeaument, p totes les bones voies qils p'ront, de touz ceux qi vendront contre ceste or.dinance, & de Ptifier meismes les Justices de lour nouns, a totes les foitz qils vendront en pays p' faire lour Sessions ; issint q les dites Justices, ewe Ctificacion de meismes les seneschalx, baillifs & conestables, des nouns de rebeaux, les facent attacher p lour corps, destre devant meismes les Justices a respondre des tielx contemptz, issint qils facent fyn & raunceon au Roi en cas qils soient atteintz, & outre soient comandez a la prisone, a y dem'er tanqils aPont trove seurete de svir & p>ndre, & lour oPeignes faire, & choses vendibles vendre, en la mafle avantdite; et en cas q nul de eux viegne contre son dement, & de ceo soit atteint, eit la prisone de xl. jours, et si autrefoitz fl soit convict eit la prisone dun quar? del an, issint q a c esc foitz qil trespas, & soit conviS, eit la penance a double: et q meismes les Justices enquergent, È Ò cune foitz qils vendront, des ditz Seneschalx^ & Conestables sils eient fait bone&

ou nule concele, p doun COUpables:

punir p fyn & raunceoun sals soient

* rees & e*trein RatÔ ^

. overours Printed Copies. J dargill Rot. Pari.


J

(it,

V.

Ôft

ÒN

S

>to

šÈ:

S

*k

Nk

*Çto

a\

Jiii

toil,

.to

fto

an

!hi

Ki

?h

via

an;

HC

toll

cist

ika

kk

lit

is:

m

Bii

*Ç

i at

til

iff

'È

as;

i*

i:

ki:

i>

Ž

|!

g

g

I'

i

i

i

Et q meismes les Justices eient poair denquere & faire due punissement des ditz Ministres, Opours, laborers & aurs 9vantz queconqs, et auxint des hostelers, her- bergers, & ceux qi vendont vitailles en retaille, & aurs choses nient especifiez, si bien a la suite de ptie, come p p)sentment, & doier & miner & mettre la chose en execucion p Exigend apres le priiS Capias, si mestier soit, & de deputer auts soutz eux, tantz & tielx come ils Pront q mieltz soit, pr la garde de meisme ceste ordinance; & q ceux qi vorront suir, 9s tielx svantz, opours & laborers, pr excesse pris deux & ils soient de ce atteintz a lour suite, qils puissent reavoir cel excesse ; et en cas q nul voudra suir p' tiel excesse reavoir, adonqes soit leve des ditz Svantz, Op- ours laborers et artificers, et liPe as Coillours de la quin- zisme, en alleggeance des villes ou tiel excesse fut pris.

Itm q viscontes, Conestables, Baillifs, gaolers, clercs des Justices ou des viscontes, nautls Ministres queconqes rienz ne pignent p cause de lour offices, de meismes les Svantz, p' fees, suete de prisone nen autre ma- nere; & sils eient rienz pris en tiele maffe, qils les facent deliPer as Coillours des disme & quinzisme, en eide de la coe pr temps q les disme & quinzisme courgent, auxibien pr tout le temps passe come pr le temps avenir; & q les dites Justices enquergent en lour sessions si les ditz Ministres eient rienz receuz de meismes les svantz & ce qils troPont p dels enquestes q les ditz ministres aPont receuz, facent meismes les Justices leP de chescun des ditz ministres, & liPer as ditz coillours ensemblement od lexcesses, fins et ran- ceons faitz, & auxint les aiSciementz de toux ceux qi 9ront aiPciez devant les ditz Justices, en allegeance des villes come desus est dit: et en cas q lexcesse trove en une ville passe la quantite de la quinzisme de meisme la ville, soit le remenant de tiel excesse leve, & paie p les ditz coillors a les plus pscheines villes povres, en eide de lour quinzisme, p avisement des ditz Justices; et ^ les fins, raunceons, excesses & airiciementz des ditz svants & laborers p' temps avenir, c'rante la dite quinzisme, soient lipez as ditz coil.lours en la forme susdite, p endenture affaire entre eux et les ditz Justid, issint q meismes les Coillours puissent estre chargez sr lour accompt p meismes les en- dentures, en cas q les ditz fins, raunceons, amciementz & excesses ne soient paiez en eide de la quinzisme avantdite; & cessante meisme la quinzisme, soit leve al oeps le Roi & respondu a lui p le viscont du Countee.

Itm q les ditz Justices facent lour sessions en touz les Countes DengleVre au meins quatre foitz p an, cest assaP a les festes del Anunciation de nre Dame, Seinte Margarete, Seint Michel, & Seint Nicholas, & auxint totes les foitz qil busoignera selonc la descre- cion des Justices; & q ceux qi plent en psence des dites Justices, ou auts choses facent en lor absence ou psence, en abaudissement ou meintenance des ditz svantz & laborers, au contraire de ceste ordinance, soient grevement punys selonc la descrecion des dites Justices: et si nul des ditz laborers artificers ou Svantz senfue dun Countee tanq, en autre, p cause de ceste ordinance, q les viscontes des Countes ou tiels 'futives Õsront trovez les facent pPndre, au mandement des Jus.tices des Countes dont ils senfuerent, & le mesnent a la chief gaole de meisme cel Counte, illoeqs a dem'er tanq, a la pscheine session des meismes les Justices, & q les ditz viscontz ret'nent tielx mandementz devant meismes les Justices a lour pscheines sessions, et q ceste ordi.nance soit tenue & garde, sibien deinz la Citee de Lon- dres come en auts Citees & Burghs & aillours pmy la Pre, sibien deinz franchise come dehors.

And that the same Justices have Power to enquire and make due Punishment of the said Ministers, Labourers,

Workmen, and other Servants; and also of Hostlers,

Harbergers, and of those that sell Viftual by Retail, or other Things here not specified, as well at the Suit of the Party, as by Presentment, and to hear and determine, and put the Things in Execution by the Exigend after the first Capias, if need be, and to depute other under them, as many and such as they shall see best for the keeping of the same Ordinance ; and that they which will sue against such Servants, Workmen, Labourers, [and Ar.tificers,] for excess taken of them, and they be thereof attainted at their Suit, they shall have again such excess.

And in case that none will sue, to have again such excess, then it shall be levied of the said Servants, Labourers,

Workmen and Artificers, and delivered to the Colleftors of the Quinzime, in alleviation of the Towns where such excesses were taken.

ITEM, That no Sheriffs, Constables, Baillifs, and VI.

Gaolers, the Clerks of the Justices, or of the Sheriffs, Sheriffs, nor other Ministers whatsoever they be, take any Thing ^""shall take for the cause of their Office of the same Servants, for nothing of Fees, Suit of Prison, nor in other manner ; and if they Servants for have any Thing taken in such manner, they shall deliver FeesÕ&c- the same to the Colleftors of Dismes and Quinzimes, in aid of the Commons, for the Time that the Disme and Quinzime doth run, as well for the time past, as for the Time to come ¥, and that the said Justices enquire Justices in their Sessions, if the said Ministers have any Thing re- shall enquire ceived of the same Servants, and that that they shall find there¡f by such Inquests, that the said Ministers have received, the same Justices shall levy of every of the said Ministers Forfeitures and deliver to the said Colleftors, together with the ex- ÈLall be cess and Fines and Ransoms made, and also the Amer- ^

ciaments of all them which shall be amerced before the Subsidy for said Justices, in alleviation of the said Towns, as afore the Time is said : And in case the excess found in one Town doth being, exceed the Quantity of the Quinzime of the same Town the Remnant of such excess shall be levied and paid by the said Colleftors to the next poor Towns, in aid of their Quinzime, by advice of the said Justices ; and that the Fines and Ransoms, Excesses and Amercements of the said Servants, Labourers, [and Artificers,] for the Time to come [running of the said Quinzime,1] be delivered to the said Colleftors, in the Form aforesaid, by Indentures to- be made betwixt them and the said Justices, so that the same Colleftors may be charged upon their Accompt by the same Indentures, in case that the said Fines, Ransoms, Amercements, and Ex.cesses be not paid in aid of the said Quinzime. And [sessing the said Quinzime,2] it shall be levied to the KingÕs Use, and answered to him by the Sheriffs of the Counties.

ITEM, That the said Justices make their Sessions in VII. all the Counties of England at the least Four Times a Scs>ionÈ of Year, that is to say, at the Feast of the Annunciation of *Ò*?'Ò* our Lady, Saint Margaret, Saint Michael, and Saint Quarterly Nicholas; and also at all Times that shall need, ac- or oftener. cording to the discretion of the said Justices; and that puni,hment those that speak in the presence of the said Justices, or of Abetton; other Things do in their absence or presence, in encou- raging or maintenance of the said Servants, Labourers,

[or Artificers] against this Ordinance, shall be grievously punished by the discretion of the same Justices ¥. and Of Servmu if any of the said Servants, Labourers, or Artificers do from flee from one County to another, because of this Ordi- nance, that the Sheriffs of the County where such fugi.tive Persons shall be found, shall do them to be taken at the Commandment of the Justices of the Counties from whence they shall flee, and bring them to the chief Gaol of the same County, there to abide till the next Sessions of the same Justices; and that the Sheriffs return the same Commandments before the same Jus.tices at their next Sessions ; and that this Ordinance be holden and kept, as well in the City of London, as in other Cities and Boroughs, and other Places throughout the Land, as well within Franchises as without,

1 while the taid Quinzime it running

.* on the said Quinximf ceasing

Hostler? and ViAuallera Bubjerf to Inquiry.

Excess of Wages received to be refunded

^¥1350.1,

i.

AU Cloths vendible shall be measured by the KingÕs Aulneger.

Cloths not of due Length and Breadth

according to Stat.

i Ed. III.

chapter 14, shall be forfeited.

Oath of Aulneger. Penalty for Nrgledt.

A Buyer may measure the Cloth, although measured by the Aulneger.

Defe&ive Cloth shall be forfeited.

II.

Recital and Confirmation of the Statute 9 Ed. III. stat. l.ch. I.

Statute the Third.*

ITEM, It is accorded and assented, in the same Par.liament, That all manner of Cloths vendible which shall be sold for whole Cloths in England, in whose Hands of the Merchants of the Realm of England, or other of the same Realm, they be found, shall be mea.sured by the KingÕs Aulnegeour and his Deputies in all Cities, Boroughs, and other Towns within Franchises and without, as well in the City of London as elsewhere. And that all the Cloths which shall be found of less Measure by a Yard, than of the Assise contained in the Statute of Northampton, by which it is ordained, That the length of every Cloth of Ray shall be measured by a line of vii Yards, Four Times measured by the List, and the Breadth of every Cloth of Ray, vi Quarters of the Measure by the Yard, and of coloured Cloths the Length shall be measured by the Back by a Line of Six Yards and a half, Four Times measured, and the Breadth Six Quarters and a half measured by the Yard, without [defoyling1] the Cloths; shall be [forfeit and arrested Õ] to the King; and that the Aulnegeour deliver the same to (3) the KingÕs Wardrobe by Indenture, not.withstanding any Franchise, Usage, or Privilege, made to the Cities, Boroughs, or to any Person of the Realm of England to the contrary : And the KingÕs Aulnegeour shall be sworn to do his Office well and lawfully; and in case he thereof be found in Default, and thereof be attainted before the Keepers of the Fairs, and Mayors, and Bailiffs of the Places, where the Cloth shall be bought, (4) or before any other whom our Sovereign Lord the King shall thereto assign, he shall have the Prison of one Year, and be ransomed at the KingÕs will, and put out of his Office for ever; and the Aul.negeour shall answer as well for his Deputies as for himself: And also it is accorded and stablished, That every Buyer of such Cloth, or other that will sue, that the said Aulnegeour hath done any Fraud or Deceit in his Office, and the falsity be notoriously proved and knowen at his Suit, shall have the one half of that that shall be so forfeit, or the Price, of the KingÕs Gift, and the King the other half. And that every Buyer of such Cloth, after he hath agreed of the Price with the Seller, may freely measure the Cloth at his will, to assay if it be of the Assise or not, before that he hath paid his Money, although the AulnegeourÕs Seal be put to the same; and if the buyer find any Default after the buying, he shall shew the same default to the Mayors and Bailifs of the Place, or to the Keepers of the Fair or Market; and if Default be found notoriously before them, the Cloth shall be for.feit to the King, and seised into the KingÕs hands, by the said Mayors and Bailiffs, or Keepers of the Fair or Market, and shall remain in their Custody ; and the said Mayors and Bailiffs or Keepers, shall certify to the Chancellor of the same Forfeiture, at the Suit of the Buyer, or of other which will sue, without any Thing taking of him ; and the Chancellor [in this Certificate '] shall send a Writ to the said Mayors and Bailiffs or Keepers, to deliver to him which so hath sued, the one half of the Forfeiture, and to save the other half to the KingÕs Use; and if the Mayor, Bailiffs, or Keepers, refuse to do execution of this accord, in the manner aforesaid, they shall be punished by Fine and Ransom when they shall be thereof attainted, as well at the KingÕs Suit as the PartyÕs : And that this Article begin to hold Place the First Day of September next coming, so that the Merchants and other, which have Cloths to sell, may freely deliver them of the Cloths that they have in their hands in the same time.

ITEM, Whereas it is contained in a Statute made at York the Ninth Year of our Lord the King that now is, that all Merchants, Aliens, and Denizens, and all other,

1 defouling MS. Tr. 2.

1 seized, andforfeited 1 the Keefer of

* or otter Judges for holding Pleat there,

1 upon this Certification

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. 18.

Tim acorde est & assentuz [en mesme le plemem'l 3 X totes man!es des draps vendables, qi Sront venduz pÕ entiers draps en Englefre, en qi meins des mar chantz du Roialme DengletVe ou au?s de meisme le Roialme ils soient trovez, soient aunez p le Auneour le Roi & ses deputez, en touz Citees Burghs k auts viHes, deinz franchise & dehors, sibien en la Citee de Londres come aillours; & q touz les draps q $ront trovez de meindre mesure p une aune q de lassise con- tenuz en lestatut de Norhampton, p quele est ordine q la longure de chescun drap de raye sra mesure une corde de vij. anz qua?foitz mesure p la liste & la Iaeure de chescun drap de Raye vj. quartÕs deÕlee mesure p laune, & des draps de colour la longure soit mesure p le dos p une corde de vj. aunes k demy qUa. rfoitz mesure, & la Iaeure vj. quartÕs & demy mesure p laune, sanz defoler les draps, soient arestuz & for- faitz au Roi; & q launeour les delivÕe au Garderober le Roi p endenture, nient contresteant franchises usage ou privilege fait as Citees Burghs ou a quecuq ps0ne du Roialme DengletVe au conPire; et soit launeour le Roi jurree de faire son office bien & loialment, & en cas qil soit ent trove en defaute & de ce soit atteint devant les gardeins des faires, ou Mairs Baillifs de lieux ou le drap €ra achate, ou au?s juges de tenir les plees illoeqes, ou devant au?s queux nre f le Roi a ce assignera, eit la prison dun an, & soit reint a la volunte le Roi, & ouste de son office pr touz joÕs; et respoigne launeour sibien pr ses deputes come pr lui meismes; & auxint acorde est & establi q chescun achatour de tielx draps ou autre qi vorra suir q le dit Auneour ad fait fraude ou deceit en son office, & la fausine soit notoirement pve & conue a sa suite, eit la moite de ce q €ra issint forfait, ou le pris, du doun le Roi, & le Roi lautre moite. Et q chescun achatour de tielx draps, aps ce qil soit acorde du pris od le vendour puisse franchement auS le dit drap a sa volunte [a savVnou [] sil soit dassise ou nemye, avant qil eit paie ses deniers, tut soit il q le seal Launeo' y soit mys; et si lachatoÕ troeve defaute a p's lachat monstf cele defaute as Mair & Baillifs du lieu, ou gardeins de la faire ou marche; et si defaute soit trove notoirement devant eux soit le drap forfait au Roi & seisi en la main le Roi p les ditz Mair & Bail- lifs ou gardeins de la faire ou Marche, & demoerge en lor garde; et mesmes les Mair & Baillifs ou gar.deins ctifient au Chaunceller de mesme la forfaitÕ a la sute lachatour ou dautre q vorra suir sanz riens pndre de lui, et le Chaunceller eu celle cÕtificacion, mande bref as ditz Mair Baillifs ou gardeins de li9er a celui q ensi avV suy lune moite de la forfait e, & de sau9 lau 9 moite al oeps le Roi; et si les Mair Baillifs ou gardeins refusent [de faire execucion de ceste acord en la manere avantdite, soient ptinys p fin & ranceon qÕnt ils 'sront de ce atteintz, si bien a la suite nre £' le Roi come a suite de ptie; et q cest article se comence a tenir lieu le p'iS jour de Sep- tembr pschein avenir, si q les marchantz k auts q. ont draps a vendre se puissent deliver franc eme des draps qils ont entre mains en le meen te P Km come contenu soit en un estatut fait a Evwy , lan du regne nre dit (' le Roi noefisme chantz aliens & denzeins & touz au

¥ Interlined on the Roll. 1 pur assaier Prixttd ofut.

3 Interlined on the Roll.

* Statute the Fourth in all former Printed Copies } and entitled * Statutum de Pannis. The ta u part 0y j},e Statuteentl[ c

according to its Place on the Statute Roll: It is entered on the Parliament Roll 25 Ed. UL F.i. Çu. 4 ¥ ^ p;rst 0f this Year,

in the Margin Ô Lestatut des enfantz nez pdela, des marchandises vendre,Õ kc. See the Note on


1350-1.

25¡ Edwardi, IIL Stat.3. c.2Ñ4.

315

deux de quel estat ou condicion qils soient, qi achat ou vendre voillent bledz, vins, avoir du pois, chars, pesson, & toutes au?s vivres & vitailles, leines, draps, Sees, marchandises & totes manies dauPs choses ven- dables, de quele pt qils viegnent p foreins ou p den- zeins, a quel lieu q ce soil, soit il Burgh, ville, Port du meer, faire, marche, ou autre lieu, deinz meisme le Roialme, deinz franchise ou dehors, les puissent franchement & sanz destourber vendre a qi q lour plest, auxibien as foreins come as denzeins forsp's les enemys de nre (Õ le Roi & de son Roialme: Acorde est, p nre dit 4' le Roi, Prelatz, Countes, Barons & touz autres g*ntz & coes en cest psent plement, q le dit estatut en touz pointz & articles contenuz en ycel soit tenu garde & meintenu. Et q si nul estatut, chre, Ire patente, pclamacion ou mandement, usage, allou- ance ou jugement soit fait au cont*ire soit oVtement repelle, anienty, & tenu pr nul: et outre ce q ches- cun marchant ou autre de quele condicion qil soit, auxibien alien come denzein, qi amene vins, chars, pesson, ou autre manere des vitailles, draps, peaux, ou avoir du pois, ou quecomqes au?s iSces ou marchan.dises a la Citee de Londres, ou as au?s Citees Burghs & bones villes Dengletre, ou portz de meer, les poet franchement, & sanz chalange ou empeschement de nuli, vendre en gros ou a retaill ou p pcelles a sa volume, a queconqes gentz qi les vodront achater, nient contresteant quecuq, franchise, g*nte, ou custume use, ou quecomqs autre chose faite au contÕire; desi- come q tielx franchises & usages sont en coe p'judice du Roi & de tut son poeple: et q nul Mair, Bail- lif, Cacchepole, Ministre, ne nul autre se melle de la vente de nule maSe des vitailles vendables, menez ou portez as Citees Burghs ne au?s villes, ne faire ne marche, fors soulement celi a qi les vitailles sont; et q pclamacion ensoit faite de novel en touz les Countez DenglePre, et en la de Citee de Londres, et en touz au?s Citees, Burghs, bones villes, portz du meer, & aillours deinz le Roialme Dengletre ou mestir Qra ; & q nre dit 4' le Roi s' ce face assign! ses Justices, totes les foitz q lui plerra & mester soit, denquere de touz ceux qi vendront ou riens facent alencontre, & de les punir selonc la peine contenue en meisme lestatut, fait lan noefisme; & q chescun qi vorra suir dePs nul riel eit brief de la Chancettie de lui attacher p son corps, come destourbeo' de coe pfit, de lui faire ent venir a respons en la Court le Roi.

Acorde est auxint & establi, q les forstallours des vins & des auPs vitailles, & [de toutes1] au?s i$ces & marchandises, q viegnont a les bones villes p tYe ou p eawe, en damage de nre 4' le Roi & de son poeple, si de ceo soient atteintz a la suite le Roi, ou de ptie, devant Mair Baillifs ou Justices a ce assignes, ou aillours en la Court le Roi, & sil soit atteint a la suite le Roi p enditement ou en autre manere, soient les choses forstalles forfaitz au Roi si lachatour ent eit fait gree au vendour; & sil neit fait gree de tut, mes p arres, encourge lachatour la forfait'e de tant come les biens forstalles amontent, selonc la value qil les aPa achate, sil eit de quoi, & sil neit, adonqs eit la prisone de deux annz, & plus a la volunte le Roi, sanz estre lesse a mainprise ou deliPs en autre ma9e, Et sil soit atteint a suite de ptie, eit la ptie la moite de tielx choses forstalles & forfaitz, ou le pris, du doun le Roi, & le Roi lautre moite.

Km p'ce q coes passages de neefs & batelx, en les g'ntz rivers Dengletre, si sont soventfoitz dcst'bez p 1c lever de gortz molins, estanks, estaches & kideux, en g*nt damage du poeple: Acorde est & establi, q 1 toutes on an ErasureÑdes totes Rot. Pari.

and every of them, of what Estate or Condition they were, which would buy or sell Com, Wine, [Avoir de pois,1] Flesh, Fish, and all other Livings and Viftual,

[Cloths, Chaffer, Wools,*] Merchandises, or any other Things vendible, from [what Party'] they come, by Foreigners or by Denizens, [to *] what Place soever it be, Borough, Town, Port of the Sea, Fair, Market, or other Place within this Realm, within Franchises or with.out, may freely and without disturbance sell the same to whom please them, as well to Foreigners as to Denizens, except [the KingÕs Enemies! ] : It is accorded by our Lord the King, the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and other great Men, and the Commons in this present Parliament,

That the said Statute, in all Points and Articles con.tained in the same, be holden, kept, and maintained.

And if that any Statute, Charter, Letters Patents, Pro.clamation, or Commandment, Usage, Allowance, or Judgement be made to the contrary, the same shall be openly repealed, void, and holden for none: And more- Merchant* over, that every Merchant, or other, of what Condition "^JiTtheir he be, as well Alien as Denizen, that bring Wines, Good* freely. Flesh, Fish, or other Vidtuals, Cloths, Woolfels, Avoir de pois or any other manner of Merchandises, or Chaffer, to the City of London, or other Cities, Bo.roughs, and good Towns of England, or Ports of the Sea, may freely and without Challenge or Impeachment of any, sell in gross or at Retail, or by Parcels, at his Will, to all manner of People that will buy the same, notwithstanding any Franchises, Grants, or Custom used, or any other Thing done to the contrary; sithence that such Usages and Franchises be to the common Pre.judice of the King and his People: And that no Mayor, No Officer Bailiff, Catchpole, Minister, nor other, shall meddle with meddle the Sale of any Manner of Viftual vendible, brought (6) to Cities, Boroughs, or other Towns, nor Fair nor Market, but only he to whom the Viftuals be ; and Pro- prociamation clamation be thereof made of new in all Counties of thereof *hall England, and in the City of London, and in ail other made. Cities, Boroughs, good Towns, Ports of the Sea, and other Places within the Realm of England, where need shall be; and that the King thereupon cause to be as- juÇticei *hall signed his Justices at all Times that shall please him, enquire of and if need be, to enquire of all those that shall offend 0ÒenderÈ- against this Ordinance, or do any Thing against the same, and to punish them according to the Pain con.tained in the same Statute made in the said Ninth Year; and that every Person that will sue against any such, shall have a Writ in the Chancery to attach him by his Body as a Disturber of the common Profit, to cause him to come thereof to make Answer in the KingÕs Court.

I TEM, It is accorded and established, That the Fore- III. stallers of Wines, and [all other Victuals, Wares,Õ] and Merchandises that come to the good Towns of England w\nn, by Land or by Water, in Damage of our Lord the King visual*,and and of his People, if they be thereof attainted at the Merchandite. Suit of the King, or of the Party, before Mayor, Bailiff, or Justices thereto assigned, or elsewhere in the KingÕs Court; and if they be attainted at the KingÕs Suit by Indiftment, or in other manner, the Things forestalled shall be forfeited to the King, if the Buyer thereof hath made Gree to the Seller; and if he have not made Gree of all, but by earnest, the Buyer shall incur the Forfeiture of as much as the forestalled Goods [for.feited1] do amount to, after the Value as he bought them, if he have whereof, and if he have not whereof, then he shall have Two Years Imprisonment, and more, at the KingÕs Will, without being let to mainprise, or delivered in other Manner. And if he be attainted at the Suit of the Party, the Party shall have the one half of such Things forestalled and forfeit, or the Price, of the KingÕs Gift, and the King the other half.

ITEM, Whereas the common Passage of Boats and iv.

Ships in the great Rivers of England be oftentimes an- New Wear* noyed by the inhansing of [Gorces, Mills, Wears,9]

Stanks, Stakes, and Kiddles, in great Damage of the *bÒtcd People; It is accorded and established, That all such

1 Avoir de pois, or Haberdash-Ware MS. Tr. a.

Õ Wools, Clothes, Ware*, St. 9 Ed. III.

* whence soever St. 9 Ed. III. 4 at St. 9 Ed. III. s the Enemies of our Lord the King and his Realm

6 or carried 7 and other Pi&ua/t, and all other Waree

* Not in Original, nor MS.Tr. a.

È Wears, Mills,

Von. I.

4l

^¥-D.1350.1,

[Gorces, Mills, Wears,'] Stanks, Stakes, and Kiddles, which be levied and set up in the Time of King [Ed.ward] the KingÕs Grandfather, and after, (l) whereby the said Ships and Boats be disturbed, that they cannot pass [in such River3] as they were wont, shall be out and utterly pulled down, without being renewed; and thereupon Writs shall be sent to the Sheriffs of the Places where need shall be, to survey and inquire, and to do thereof Execution ; and also the Justices shall be thereupon assigned at all Times that shall be needful.

1 Wears, Mills * in such Rivers MS. Tr. a.

* MS. Tr. a. omits these Words here.

touz tiels gortz molins, estanks, estaches & kideux, q sont leves & mys en temps le Roi lael & puis encea en tielx rivers, p queux les niefs & batebc sont des- tourbes qils ne poent passer come ils soloient, soient oustes & nettement abatuz, sanz estre relevez; Ç soient s' ce briefs mandez as viscontz de lieux ou mester 9ra, de s'veer & denquere & de faire ent exe- cucion, et auxint q Justices soient s' ce assignez a totes les foitz qil besoignera.

f In margine Rotuli.

Recital of Proceedings in Parliament 35 Ed. I.

The Origin and Purpose of the Possessions given to the Church.

Voidanccs and Present.ments of Benefices belong to the King and Great Men.

The Pope bestoweth Spiritual Livings upon Aliens not dwelling in England.

The Incon- veniencics ensuing thereon.

Srtatutu be t&Õtoteojtbs +

The STATUTE of PROVISORS of BENEFICES.

Statute the Fourth.*

WHEREAS late in the Parliament of good Memory of Edward King of England, Grandfather to our Lord the King that now is, the [xxv'] Year of his Reign, holden at Carlisle, the Petition [heard, put before *] the said Grandfather and his Council in his said Parliament by the Commonalty of the said Realm, containing, That whereas the Holy Church of England was founded in the Estate of Prelacy, within the Realm of England, by the said Grandfather and his Progenitors, and the Earls, Barons, and other Nobles of his said Realm, and their Ancestors, to inform them and the People of the Law of God, and to make Hospitalities, Alms, and other Works of Charity, in the Places where the Churches were founded, for the Souls of the Founders, their Heirs, and all Christians; and certain Possessions, as well in Fees, Lands, Rents, as in Advowsons, which do extend to a great Value, were assigned by the said Founders to the Prelates and other People of the Holy Church of the said Realm, to sustain the same Charge, and especially of the Possessions which were assigned to Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, Religious, and all other People of Holy Church, by the Kings of the said Realm, Earls, Barons, and other great Men of his Realm; the same Kings, Earls, Barons, and other Nobles, as Lords and Advowees, have had and ought to have the Custody of such Voidances, and the Presentments and the Collations of the Benefices being of such Prelacies: And the said Kings in Times past were wont to have the greatest Part of their Council, for the Safeguard of the Realm when they had need, of such Prelates and Clerks so advanced ; [the Bishop Õ] of Rome, accroch- ing to him the Seignories of such Possessions and Bene.fices doth give and grant the same Benefices to Aliens, which did never dwell in England, and to Cardinals, which might not dwell here, and to other as well Aliens as Denizens, as if he had been Patron or Advowee of the said Dignities and Benefices, as he was not of Right by the Law of England ; whereby if they should be suf.fered, there should scarcely be any Benefice within a short Time in the said Realm, but that it should be in the hands of Aliens and Denizens by virtue of such Pro.visions, against the good Will and Disposition of the Founders of the same Benefices ; and so the Eleftions of Archbishops, Bishops, and other Religious should fail, and the Alms, Hospitalities, and other Works of Cha.rity, which should be done in the said Places, should be withdrawn, the said Grandfather, and other Lay- Patrons, in the Time of such Voidances, should lose their Presentments, the said Council should perish, and Goods without Number should be carried out of the Realm, in Adnullation of the Estate of the Holy Church of England, and disherison of the said Grandfather, and the Earls, Barons, and other Nobles [of the said Realm,] and in Offence and Destruction of the Laws and Rights of his Realm, and to the great Damage of 1 five and thirtieth

1 being heard, which was offered unto 3 the Pope MS.Tr. 2.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. ,7.

CTE jadiSÕ Cn 16 pIe?Cnt de 1)0116 "ire Sire

^ Edward Roi Denglete, Ael nfe f le R0j qore

est, lan de son regne trentisme quint a Kardoil tenuz ote la peticion mise devant le dit Ael & son conseil enÕ le dit plement p la coalte de son Roialme, contenant 5 come seinte eglise DengletVe estoit founde en estat de p'lacie, deins le Roialme DengletVe, p le dit Ael & ses pgenitours, & Countes Barons & Nobles de son Roialme & lour ancestres, pr eux & le poepie enfourmer de^la lei Dieu, & pr faire hospitalites aumoignes & auts oevVs de eharite es lieux ou les eglises feurent foundes pr les almes de foundours & de lour heirs & de touz Cristiens; & ?teins possessions, tant en feez tres & rentes come en avowesons qe se extendent a grande value, p les ditz foundours feurent assignez as p>Iatz & auPs gentz de seinte eglise du dit Roialme, p' cele charge sustenir, & nomement des possessions q feu.rent assignes as Ercevesqes, Evesqes, Abbes, Priours, Religious & auts gentz de seint eglise, p les Rois du dit Roiahne, Countes, Barons & auPs Nobles de son Roialme, meismes les Rois, Countes, Barons & Nobles, come SeignÕs & avowes eussent & aP deussent la garde de tieles voidances, & les pVentementz & collarions des benefices esteantz des tieles jPlacies; & les ditz Rois en temps passe soloient aP la greinÕe ptie de lour con- seils pr la salvacion du Roialme q"nt ils eneurent mester, de tiels p>latz & Clercs issint avances; Le Pape de Rome, acrochant a lui la Seign'ie de tieles possessions & benefices, meismes les benefices dona & graunta as aliens qi unqes ne demÕerent el Roialme Dengletre, & as Cardinalx q y dem'er ne pÕroient, & as aurs 'ant aliens come denzeins, autresi come il eust este patron ou avowe des dites dignites & benefices, come il ne feust de droit selonc la loi Dengletre; p les queux sils feussent soeffertz a peine demYoit ascun benefice, en poi de temps, el dit Roialme qil ne 3roit es meins daliens & denzeins, p v*tue de tieles pvisions, centre la bone volunte & disposicion des foundours de meismes les benefices, & issint les eleccions des Ercevesqs, Evesches, & au?s Religious faudroient, & les almoignes, hospitalites & auts oevVs de eharite q sroient ftitz as ditz lieux sroient sustretes, le dit Ael & autÕs lais patrons en temps de tieles voidances pderoient lour psen.ementz, le dit conseil piroit, & biens sanz nombre roientit portes hors du Roialme, en adnullacion del es seinte eglise dengletre,& desheriteson u it È Countes Barons & nobles, & en offens & £

lois & droit'es de son Roialme, & grant damag

* Statute the Sixth in all former Printed Copies: It is here printed according to its place on the Statute Ôn thJ Parhament Roll aj Ed.IH. P. nu. 4<s. intided in the M in Ç Lestatut de reSvacons 8c pvis.Ó See the

the First of this Year.

Roll. It is Çtered

Note on

Statute

Go gl

e

poeple, & subPsion del estat de tut son Roialme susdit, & contre la bone disposition & volume des prints foun- dours; del assent des Countes, Barons, Nobles & tute la dite Coalte, a lour instante requeste, consideres les damages 8c grevances susdites en le dit plenl plement feust pÕveu ordine & establi q les dites grevances, op- pssions & damages, en meisme le Roialme des adonqs mes ne €roient soeffertz en ascun ma9e. Et ja mon- stre soit a nre Seign' le Roi, en cest plement tenuz a Westm a les Oetaves de la Purificacion de nre Dame, lan de son regne DengletVe vintisme quint, & de France duszisme, p la greveuse pleinte de toute la coe de son Roialme q les grevances & meschiefs susditz sabondent de temps en temps, a plus grant damage & desrruccion de tut le Roialme, plus q unqs ne firent; cest assa$ qore de novel nre seint piere le Pape, p pcurement des clercs & autrement ad reservee 8c reserve de jour en autre a sa collacion, geSalment & especialment, si- bien Erceveschees, Eveschees, Abbeies, & Priories, come totes dignetes 8c auts benefices dengletVe, q sont del avowerie de gentz de seinte eglise, & les donne aux- ibien as aliens come as denzeins, & pnt de touz dels benefices les priiSes fruitz & au?s pfitz plusours; 8c grande ptie du tresor del Roialme si est emporte 8c despendu hors du Roialme, p les p'chaceours de deles g"ces; 8c auxint, p tieles reservacions prives, plusours clercs avances en ceste Roialme p lour vVoies patrons, q ont tenuz lour avancementz p long temps pesible- ment, sont sodeinement ostes; sur quoi la dite Coe ad prie a nre Seign' le Roi q desicome le droit de la Corone DengletVe 8c la loi du dite Roialme sont deles, q sur meschiefs 8c damages q si aviegnont a son Roi.alme il doit & est tenuz p son dement, del acord de son poeple en son plement, faire ent remede 8c lei, en ostant les meschiefs 8c damages qensi avignont, q lui pleise de ce ordiS remede: Nre Seign' le Roi, veiant les meschiefs 8c damages susnomes 8c eant regard al dit estatut fait en temps son dit Ael, 8c a les causes contenues en ycele, le quel estasut dent touz jours sa force 8c ne feust unqes defait ne anulli en nul point,

8c ptant est il tenuz p son sement del faire garder come la loi de son Roialme, coment q p soeffrance 8c negligence ad este puis attempte a cont'ire; 8c auxint eant regard a les grevouses pleintes a lui faites p son poeple, en ses divV plementz cea enarere tenuz, voil- lantz les tsg'ntz damages 8c meschiefs q sont avenuz,

8c viegnont de jour en autre a la Eglise DengletVe p la dite cause remede ent ordiner; p assent de touz les gÕntz et la Coalte de son dit Roialme, Al hon' de Dieu 8c pfit de la dite eglise DengletVe 8c de tut son Roialme, ad ordine 8c establi, q les franches deccions des Erceveschees, Eveschees, 8c tutes auts dignites 8c benefices eledifs en EngleVe, se degnent desore, en maffe come eles feurent grantes p les pgenitours nre dit #r le Roi, 8c p les auncestres daubs Seign1rs foundes.

Et q touz fvlatz, 8c autV gentz de seinte eglise qi ont avowesons de quecomqes benefices des douns nre f' le Roi 8c de ses pgenitours, ou dauts Seign's 8c donours, pr faire divines svices 8c auts charges ent ordines, eient lour collacions 8c pÕsentementz franchement en manle come ils estoient felfes p lour donours. Et en cas q dascune Erceveschee, Eveschee, dignite ou autre quecuq, benefice, soit reservacion, collacion, ou pvision faite p la court de Rome, en dest'bance des eleccions, collacions ou p'sentacions susnomes, q a meisme les temps des voidances, q tieles reservacions collacions 8c pvisions deusent pndre effect, q a meisme la voidance nre Seign' le Roi 8c ses heirs eient 8c enjoicent p' cele foitz les col.lacions, as Erceveschees, Eveschees 8c auPs dignites elec.tives, qe sont de savowerie, audeles come ses pgenitours avoient avant q franche eleccion feust gÔunte, desicome

I his People, and in Subversion of all the Estate of his said Realm, and against the good Disposition and Will of the first Founders : By the Assent of the Earls, Ba.rons, and other Nobles, and of all the said Commonalty, at their Instances and Requests, the Damage and Griev- In the ances afore considered, in the said full Parliament it Pa£jm[nt was [ordained, provided, established, agreed, adjudged, p5ov;,jon' WJI and considered,1] That the said Oppressions, Grievances, made against and Damages in the same Realm from henceforth should Çud> Evil, not be suffered in any manner. And now it is shewed to our Lord the King in this present Parliament holden at Westminster, at the Utas of the Purification of our Lady, the Five and Twentieth Year of his Reign of England, and of France the Twelfth, by the grievous Complaints of all the Commons of his Realm, that the Grievances and Mischiefs aforesaid do daily abound, to the greater Damage and Destru&ion of all [his Realm of England,1] more than ever were before, viz. that now of late [the Bishop of Rome,5] by Procurement of Clerks The Pope and otherwise, hath reserved, and doth daily reserve to £lv*tgct ^ 0j- his Collation generally and especially, as well Archbi- ^'"church shopricks, Bishopricks, Abbeys, and Priories, as all an(j reservetb other Dignities and other Benefices of England, which be the First of the Advowry of People of Holy Church, and (4) give ^^.to the same as well to Aliens as to Denizens, and taketh ' of all such Benefices the First Fruits, and many other Profits, and a great Part of the Treasure of the said Realm is carried away and dispended out of the Realm, by the Purchasers of such [Benefices and Graces afore.said 5]; and also by such Privy Reservations many Clerks advanced in this Realm by their true Patrons, which have peaceably holden their Advancements by long Time, be suddenly put out: Whereupon the said Commons have prayed our said Lord the King, that sith the Right of the Crown of England, and the Law of the said Realm is such, that upon the Mischiefs and Damages which happen to his Realm, he ought, and is bound by his Oath, with the accord of his People in his Parliament, thereof to make Remedy and Law, [and in removing4] the Mischiefs and Damages which thereof en.sue, that it may please him thereupon to ordain Remedy:

Our Lord the King, seeing the Mischiefs and Damage CauseÇ before mentioned, and having Regard to the said Statute and Reasons made in the Time of his said Grandfather, and to the of nuking Causes contained in the same; which Statute holdeth tflIS Statute- always his Force, and was never defeated, [repealed7] nor adnulled in any Point, and by so much as he is bounden by his Oath to cause the same to be kept as the Law of his Realm, though that by Sufferance and Neg.ligence it hath been sithence attempted to the contrary ; also having Regard to the grievous Complaints made to him by his People in divers his Parliaments holden here.tofore, willing to ordain Remedy for the great Damages and Mischiefs which have happened, and daily do hap.pen to the Church of England by the said Cause ; by the Assent of all the great Men and the Commonalty of the said Realm, to the honour of God, and Profit of the said Church of England, and of all his Realm, hath [ordered Ò] and stablished, That the Free Eledions of Elections Archbishops, Bishops, and all other Dignities and Bene- of Bishops fices elective in England, shall hold from henceforth in an<1 ¡,her the Manner as they were granted by the KingÕs Progeni- ^/chureh tors, and [the Ancestors of other Lords, Founders of the sliaII be free, said Dignities and other Benefices.9] And that all Pre- as they were lates and other People of Holy Church, which have Ad- f¡unded- vowsons of any Benefices of the KingÕs Gift, or of any Collations of his Progenitors, or of other Lords and Donors, to do Divine Services, and other Charges thereof ordained, be free, shall have their Collations and Presentments freely to the same, in the Manner as they were enfeoffed by their Donors. And in case that Reservation, Collation, or Provision be made by the Court of Rome, of any Archbishoprick, Bishoprick, Dignity, or other Benefice, in Disturbance of the [free '¡J Eledions, Collations, or Presentations aforenamed, that at the same Time of the where the Voidance, [thatÕ1] such Reservations, Collations, and Popemaketh Provisions [ought to ÒJ take Effed, our Lord the King Ponton to and his Heirs shall have and enjoy for the same Time *he chureh the Collations to the Archbishopricks (Ò) and other the King Dignities eledive, which be of his Advowrv, such as shall present : his Progenitors had, before that free EJedion was

' provided, ordained, and established 3 this Realm

i our Holy Father the Pope MS. Tr. 2- 4 doth

1 Graces 1 for the voiding of

' MS. Tr. omits. * ordained

s> founded by the Ancestors of other Lords Ò MS Tr. omits.

11 when 11 shall ,J Bishopricks


318

25¡ Edw. III. Stat.4.

^¥D.1350.1.

So in Cases of Provision to Religious Houses j or to Benefices of the Advowson of theCltrgy.

Saving, when no Provision, or the Parties themselves present.

Presentations by Patrons; and on their Default by the King.

The Penalties for Disturb.ance by Pro visors:

Imprison.ment on Conviftion ;

Renunciation and Surety against future Attempts.

Process of Outlawry.

The King shall have intermediate Profits.

Commence.ment of this Act.

granted, [since that the Ele&ion was'] first granted by the KingÕs Progenitors upon a certain Form and Condition, as to demand Licence of the King to chuse, and after the Election to have his Royal Assent, and not in other Manner; which Conditions not kept, the Thing ought by Reason to resort to his first Nature: And if any such Reservation, Provision, or Collation be made of any House of Religion of the KingÕs Ad- vowry, in Disturbance of free Eledion, our Sovereign Lord the King, and his Heirs, shall have for that Time the Collation to give this Dignity to a convenient Person. And in case that Collation, Reservation, or Provision be made by the Court of Rome of any Church, Prebend, or other Benefices, which be of the Advowry of People of Holy Church, whereof the King is Advowee Para.mount immediate, that at the same Time of the Void- ance, at which Time the Collation, Reservation, or Pro.vision [ought to Õ] take Effeft as afore is said, the King and his Heirs thereof shall have the Presentment or Collation for that Time ; and so from Time to Time, whensoever such People of Holy Church shall be dis.turbed of their Presentments or Collations, by such Reservations, Collations, or Provisions, as afore is said ; saving to them the Right of their Advowsons and their Presentments, when no Collation or Provision of the Court of Rome is thereof made, (3) where that the said People of Holy Church shall or will to the same Bene.fices present or make Collation; and that their Presen.tees may enjoy the Effed of their Collations or Present.ments : And in the same Manner every other Lord, of what condition that he be, shall have the Collations or Presentments to the Houses of Religion which be of his Advowry, and other Benefices of Holy Church which be pertaining to the same Houses. And if such Advowees do not present to such Benefices within the half Year after such Voidances, nor the Bishop of the Place do not give the same by Lapse of Time within a Month after half a Year, that then the King shall have thereof the Presentments and Collations, as he hath of other of his own Advowry. And in case that the Presentees of the King, or the Presentees of other Patrons of Holy Church or of their Advowees, or they to whom the King, or such Patrons or Advowees aforesaid, have given Benefices per.taining to their Presentments or Collations, be disturbed by such Provisors, so that they may not have Possession of such Benefices by virtue of the Presentments or Col.lations to them made, or that they which be in Posses.sion of such Benefices be impeached upon their said Pos.sessions by such Provisors ; then the said Provisors, their Procurators, Executors, and Notaries, shall be attached by their Body, and brought in to answer; and if they be convict, they shall abide in Prison without being let to Mainprise, or Bail, or otherwise delivered, till that they have made Fine and Ransom to the King at his Will, and Gree to the Party that shall feel himself grieved. And nevertheless before that they be delivered, they shall make full Renunciation, and find sufficient Surety that they shall not attempt such Things in l ime to come, nor sue any Process bv them, nor by other, against any Man in the Court of Rome, nor in any Part elsewhere, for any such Imprisonments or Renunciations, nor any other Thing depending of them.

And in case that such Provisors, Procurators, Exe.cutors, or Notaries be not found, that the Exigent shall run against them by due Process, and that Writs shall go forth to take their Bodies in what Parts they be found, as well at the KingÕs Suit as at the Suit of the Party, and that in the mean Time the King shall have the Profits of such Benefices so occupied by such Provisors, except Abbeys, Priories, and other Houses, which have Colleges or Convents ; and in such Houses the Colleges and Convents shall have the Profits; saving always to our Lord the King, and to all other Lords, their old Right. And this Statute shall have Place as well of Reservations, Collations, and Provisions made and granted in Times past against all them which have not yet obtained corporal Possession of the Benefices granted to them by the said Reservations, Collations, and Pro.visions, as against all other in Time to come. And this Statute oweth to hold Place and to begin at the said Utas.

Õ seeing that the Elections were

Õ should 3 or MS. Tr. 2.

[' les elections feurent p'mes g*ntez, p les pgenitours le Rot, sÕ cteines foÕme & condicion, come a demander du Roi conge de eslir, & puis ap>s la deccion dav> son assent roial, & nemye en autf man!e; les queles condic.ons nyent gardez, la chose doit p reson resortir a sa p'me natÕe: et q si dascune Meson de Religion del avowerte le Roi, soit tiele reservation, collation ou pvision faite, en destoÕbance de f*nChe electionÕ eit nre i' le Roi & ses heirs a cele foitz la collationÕ a doner cele dignite a psone covenable. Et en cas S reservacion, collation ou pvision soit faite [a!] la Court de Rome, de nuleEsglise, [pvende,3] ou autr beneficeS sont del avowerie des genz de seinte esglise, dont le Roi est avowe pamount inmediat, q a mesme le temps de voidance, a quel temps la reservacion collation ou*l pvision deusent p>ndre effeit, come desus est dit, ij le Roi & ses heirs de ce eient le p>sentement, ou col.lation a cele foitz ; & issint de temps en temps a totes les foitz q tieles gentz de seinte eglise sront dest'bes de lour p'sentementz ou collations p tieles reserva- cions collations ou pvisions come desus est dit; Sau- vee a eux le droit de. lour avowesons & p'sentementz qfiit nul collation ou pvision de la Court de Rome ent ne soit faite, ou q les dites gentz de seinte eglise osent & vuillent a meismes les benefices psenter ou collacion faire, & lour p>sentees puissent leffeQ de lour collations & p'sentementz enjoier: et en meisme la manle eit chescun autre Seign' de quel condicion qil soit, les p'sentementz ou collations a les mesons de religion q sont de savowerie, & as benefices de seinte eglise q sont apÕtenantz a meismes les mesons. Et si tiels avowes ne p'sentent point a tides benefices, deinz le demy an aps tieles voidances, ne levcsqs de lieu ne la donne p laps de temps deinz un mois aps le demy an, q adonqs le Roi eit ent les p'sentementz & colla.tions, come il ad dauPs de savowerie demeisne. Et en cas q les p'sentes le Roi, ou les p'sentes dau'ts patrons de seinte eglise, ou de lour avowes, ou ceux as queux le Roi ou tielx patrons ou avowes susditz avont done benefices apÕtenantz a lour pÕsentementz ou collations, soient destÕbez p tiels pvisours, issint qils ne puissent avoir possession de tieles benefices, p vtue des p'sentementz & collations issint a eux faitz, ou q ceux q sont en possessions des dels benefices soient empesches sur lour dites possessions p tielx pvisours, adonqes soient les ditz pvisours & lour peu- rarours, execute's & notaires attaches p lour corps, et menes en response, et sils soient conviclz demoer- gent en prisone sanz estre lo se a meinprise, en bailie, ou autrement delivres, tanqils avont fait fin & redemD- cion au Roi a sa volente, & gree a la ptie q se sentera greve. Et nient meins, avant qils soient delivres a- cent pleine renunciacion, & troevent sufficeante seurete qils nattempteront tiele chose en temps avemr, ne nu pees sueront p eux ne p autre dev¡s nuly en la due Court de Rome, ne nule part aillours, p nuks tiels emprisonementz ou renunciations, ne nu e au dependant de eux. Et en cas q tielx pv,sours, pc; ratours, executoÕs & notaires ne Ôrow*. 4

gende courge devs eux p due pees, * 4 de p'ndre lour corps quel * bien a la suite le Roi come de pue, et qe

*mps k Rot <* * *¥*£¥{£**

ocupez p tielx pvisours, orsp n tieles me-

auts mesons qont college ou Õ fitz> sauvam

sons eient les Covent & co eges . . rnrs |our aun-

totefoitz a nfe f Õ le Rot & a., au auITesibien J1-'

en

ciene droit. Et eit cest estutu ^ grantes

reservacions collations & pvisions anes adept

temps passe, dev*s touz ceaux cUX grauntes, p

corporele possession des bene Õ ^visions, come meismes les reservacions, coHactons ^ £statut

de& toux auts en tempsj^oetaves susditz- tenir lieu comenceant a les ^

Ñ< These Sentences are written ¡n dre Rot.Po'1 : p Rot. Rail.


S>tatutu apufc GSIestm in i&Õltamento in festo S>Õci pliant anno regnt Begis Û. t cit Pteestmo q'nto tcnto, f cm.

A STATUTE made at WESTMINSTER;

In the Parliament holden in the Feast of Saint Hilary;

In the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of K. EDWARD the Third.

In Marginc Rotuli.

*>r

Mi

**

.Ç*

tet

?È

ft*:

Kit

*È

a4n;

ssa>

DlS

tali

tea

.toÇ

ate

oa:

tea

ei:

IÇ)B

ft

m

mi

SBC

:iai

ias

.I'

step

[Iocs

IBB

teas

iiÈ

sib;

is**

pteÈ

tell

p'sbi

k*È

ptef

jii*

EÈs

3,^

a*'

k!*:

.f*

I*

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 16. i^U plcment somonz a Westm, cn la feste de Seint

Hiller lan du regne nre Seign' le Roi Edward DengletVe vintisme quint, & de France douzisme, nre f' le Roi del assent des Prelatz, Dues, Countes, Barons, & de tout la comunalte de son Roialme DengletVe, au dit plement somons, al honr de Dieu & de Seinte Eglise, & en amendement de son dit Roi.alme, ad ordeine & establi les choses soutzescriptes.

En p'mes, p'ce q tresg*untz & tresout*geouses da.mages & grevances sont faites au poeple p les pno's & p'veo's des vitailles p' les hosteux nre <f' le Roi, ma dame la Roigne, & de Io' enfantz, Si est acorde & assentuz en le dit plement, q les pno's & p'veio's des bledz pr les ditz hosteux les p'ignent p mesure rase, selonc ceo q home use pmy le Roialme. Et q touz bledz, feyns, litere & bestaill, & touz auPs vi.tailles & choses quecuqes, queles sont aprendre p' meis- mes les hosteux, soient p*'sez a la Proie value, p les Conestables & aut's bons gentz des villes ou tieles prises se feront, sanz ce q p manaces, ou duresces soient les preisours chacez a mettre autre pris q lour dement ne voet, & come curt coement en les pVcheins marchees : et q entre les Purveours et ceux des queux les biens Sront prises, en la psence des Conestables & preisours, soient failles tantost faites, saunz ceo q les gentz des queux les biens sront prises soient aillours traitz ou t'vaillez ; & meismes les failles ensealez des seals les pnours des choses issint prises, p les queles failles gre soit fait as ceux des queux les choses sront issint prises: et si nul pnour ou P'veour p' les ditz hosteux face p autre ma9e, soit meintenanr arestu p la villee ou la prise sra faite, et mesne a la pscheine gaole, et si de ceo soit atteint, soit la fait de lui come de laron, si la quantite des biens le demand ; solonc ceo qen un estatut fait en temps meisme nre f' le Roi lan de son regne quint, & en un autre estatut fait en temps laiel nre Seign' le Roi s' tieles prises, est con- tenuz plus au plein : et q desore soit contenuz es cbmissions des tieux P'veours et pnours, lentent et la peine contenuz en cest estatut: et q nule comission soit faite forsq, soulement souz les g'nt ou prive sealx le Roi; ne q nul home soit tenuz de obeier a autre comis.sion nen autre maffe q nest dit en avant; et q meisme lestatut tiegne lieu en toutz pointz dePs chescun pnour & p'veour, de chescune rnaPe des vittailles en chescune ptie du Roialme de quele condition qii soit.

Auxint p'ceo q diPses opinions ount este einz ces heures qeu cas, q'nt il avient doit estre dit treson, & en quel cas noun, le Roi a la requeste des Seign's & de la Coe, ad fait dedarissement q ensuit, Cest assavoir;

Statute the Fifth.

AT the Parliament summoned at Westminster in the Feast of St. Hilary, the Year of the Reign of our

Corn shall

Tallies of the Goods taken.

Lord King Edward the Third [after the Conquest,J of England the Five and twentieth, and of France the Twelfth ; our said Lord the King, by the assent of the Prelates, Earls, Barons, and of all the Commonalty of his Realm of England summoned to the Parliament, to the honour of God and Holy Church, and in Amend.ment of his said Realm, hath ordained and established the Things underwritten.

FIRST, Forasmuch as great and outrageous damage and grievance hath been done to the People by the Takers and Purveyors of Victuals, for the Houses of pu**eyora^ our Sovereign Lord the King, the Queen, and their by Meaiure Children ; It is accorded and assented in the said Parlia- striked ment, That the Takers (') of Corn for the said Houses Things taken shall take the same by Measure striked according as it by Purveyors is used through the Land. And that such Corn, Hay, sfla,i be , Litter, Bestall and all other Viftuals and Things, which *tP^he wry shall be taken for the said Houses, shall be [taken'] Value. by the very Value, by the Constable and other good People of the Towns where such Taking shall be made, without that that the Praisers by Menace or Duress shall be driven to set any other Price than their Oath will, and as commonly runneth in the next Markets.

And that betwixt the Purveyors and them whose Goods shali be taken in the presence of the Constables and Praisers, Tallies be made incontinently, without that that the People whose Goods shali be taken, shall be drawn or travelled elsewhere, and the same Tallies sealed with the Seals of the Takers of the Things so taken, by which Tallies Gree shall be made to them whose Goods shall be so taken ; and if any Purveyor or Taker for Punishment the said Houses, do in any other Manner, he shall be for undue f maintenant arrested by the Town where the Taking p"rT'rlnc* shall be made, and brought to the next Gaol; and it ^ c 3 he be thereof attainted, it shall be done of him as of a Thief, if the Quantity of the Goods the same require; according as in a Statute made in the Time of our So.vereign Lord the King that now is, the Fifth Year of his Reign, and in another Statute made in the Time of the King's Grandfather upon such Takings, is contained more at the full: and that from henceforth in the Commissions of such Takers and Purveyors, the Intent and Pain limited in this Statute shall be contained: and that no Commission be made, but only under the PurveyorsÕ

KingÕs great Seal or Privy Seal; nor that no Man be bender bound to obey [any such Commissions, other or in what Õkt Qrnt or Manner 4J than is aforesaid; and that the same Statute priry Sell, take place in all Points against every Taker and Pur.veyor of every Manner of Victual in every part of the Realm, of what Condition soever he be.

ITEM, Whereas divers Opinions have been before II. this Time [in what Case Treason shall be said, and in Declaration what not;s] the King, at the Request of the Lords and J^br ªCM of the Commons, hath made a Declaration in the Man- adjudged ner as hereafter followeth, that is to say; When a Man Treason.

Vo l. I.

Õ and Purveyoun

1 praysed Õ immediately

< any other Commyssions, or in other manner MS. Tr. 2. 1 what case should be adjudged Treason, and what not /

4m

Compassing the Death of the King, Queen, or their eldest Son ;

violating the Queen, or the KingÕ6 eldest Daughter unmarried, or his eldest SonÕs Wife ( levying War j adhering to the KingÕs Enemies; counterfeiting the KingÕs Seals, or Money; importing counterfeit Money ; killing the Chancellor, Treasurer, or Judges in Execution of their Duty. The King shall have the Forfeiture of all the OffendersÕ Lands. PetitTreason. Forfeiture of the Lands to the Lords. New

Questions of Treasons shall be decided in Parliament.

Certain Offences not T reason.

In such Cases already happened, the Chief Lords shall have the Escheats.

Saving the KingÕs Year and Waste.

Scire facias to Terre- tenants, &c.

III.

Challenge of an Indiitor upon an Inquest.

doth compass or imagine the Death of our Lord the King, or of our Lady his [Queen '] or of their eldest Son and Heir; or if a Man do violate the KingÕs [Companion,1] or the KingÕs eldest Daughter unmarried, or the Wife (Õ) the KingÕs eldest Son and Heir ; or if a Man do levy War against our Lord the King in his Realm, or be adherent to the KingÕs Enemies in his Realm, giving to them Aid and Comfort in the Realm, or elsewhere, and thereof be [probably5] attainted of open Deed by [the People'] of their Condition: Ajid if a Man counterfeit the KingÕs Great or Privy Seal, or his Money ; and if a Man bring false Money into this Realm, counterfeit to the Money of England, as the Money called Lushburgh, or other, like to the said Money of England, knowing the Money to be false, to merchandise or make Payment in Deceit of our said Lord the King and of his People; and if a Man slea the Chancellor, Treasurer, or the KingÕs Justices of the one Bench or the other, Justices in Eyre, or Justices of Assise, and all other Justices assigned to hear and de.termine, being in their Places, doing their Offices: And it is to be understood, that in the Cases above rehearsed, [that5] ought to be judged Treason which extends to our Lord the King, and his Royal Majesty: And of such Treason the Forfeiture of the Escheats pertaineth to our Sovereign Lord, as well of the Lands and Tene.ments holden of other, as of himself: And moreover there is another manner of Treason, that is to say, when a Servant slayeth his Master, or a Wife her Husband, or when a Man secular or Religious slayeth his Prelate, to whom he oweth Faith and Obedience ; and [of such Treason the Escheats ought to pertain6] to every Lord of his own Fee : And because that many other like Cases of Treason may happen in Time to come, which a Man cannot think nor declare at this present Time ; It is accorded, That if any other Case, supposed Trea.son, which is not above specified, doth happen (7) before any Justices, the Justices shall tarry without any going to Judgement of the Treason, till the [CauseÓ] be shewed [and declared before the King and his Parlia.ment,9] whether it ought to be judged Treason or [other10] Felony. And if percase any Man of this Realm ride armed [covertly"] or secretly with Men of Arms against any other, to slay him, or rob him, or take him, or retain him till he hath made Fine or Ran.som for to have his Deliverance, it is not the Mind of the King nor his Council, that in such Case it shall be judged Treason, but shall be judged Felony or Trespass, according to the Laws of the Land of old Time used, and according as the Case requireth. And if in such Case, or other like, before this Time any Justices have judged Treason, and for this Cause the Lands and Te.nements have comen into the KingÕs hands as Forfeit, the chief Lords of the Fee shall have the Escheats of the Tenements holden of them, whether that the same Tenements be in the KingÕs hands, or in others, by Gift or in other Maimer; Saving always to our Lord the King the Year, and the Waste, and the Forfeitures of Chattels, which pertain to him in the Cases above named; and that [the Writs"] of Scire facias be granted in such Case against the Land-tenants, without other Original, and without allowing [any Proteftion 15] in the said Suit; and that of the Lands which be in the KingÕs hands, Writs be granted to the Sheriffs of the Counties where the Lands be, to deliver them out of the KingÕs hands without Delay.

ITEM, It is accorded, That no Indiftor shall be put in Inquests upon Deliverance of the Indi&ees of Felonies or Trespass, if he be challenged for that same cause by him which is so indidled.

. Wife È of

* proveably MS. Tr. a. 4 People 5 it

6 such Manner of Treason givetb Forfeiture of Escheat t

7 of new, MS. Tr. 7. 1 Case

9 before the King in his Parliament, and it he declared else Ò openly

Ó Writs Ò the Protection of our Lord the King

qÔnt home fait compasser ou ymaginer la mort are Seign' le Roi, ma dame sa compaigne, ou de lour fitz primer & heir ; ou si home violast la compaigne le Roi, ou leisnesce fill le Roi nient marie, ou la Com paigne leisne fitz & heir du Roi; & si home leve de guerre contre nre dit SeignÕ le Roi en son Roialme ou soit aherdant as enemys nre SeignÕ le Roi en le Roialme, donant a eux eid ou confort en son Roialme ou p aillours, & de ceo pvablement soit atteint de o?t faite p gentz de lour condicion: et si home contre- face [les gÓnt ou prive sealx le Roi,1] 0u sa monoie, et si h5me apport faus monoie en ceste Roialme con' trefaite a la monoie DengletVe, siconie la monoie ap." pelle [Lucynburgti Õ] ou autre semblable a la dite monoie DengletVe, sachant la monoie estre faus, pÕ marchander, ou paiement faire en deceit nre dit SeignÕ le Roi & son poeple; et si home tuast Chanceller, Tresorer, ou Justice nre Seign' le Roi del un Baunk ou del autre, Justice en Eir & des assises & toutes ants Justices assignez a oier & tVniner esteiantz en lours places en fesantz lours offices: et fait a enten.dre qen les cases suisnomez doit estre ajugge treson [q sestent5] a nre Seign' le Roi & a sa roial majeste; et de tiele manle de treson la forfaitÕe des eschetes apptient a nre Seign' le Roi, si bien des fres & teiiz tenuz des auts, come de lui meismes: et ovesq ceo il yad autre manic de treson, cest assavoir qÕnt un ?vant tue son meistre, une feme q tue son baron, qÕnt home seculer ou de religion tue son Prelat, a qi il doit foi & obedience ; & tiele manie de treson donn for- fait'e des eschetes a chescun Seign' de son fee ppre: et p' ceo q plusurs autV cases de semblable treson p'ront escheer en temps a venir, queux home ne pÕra penser ne declarer en p*sent, assentu est q si autre cas supposee treson q nest especifie p amount aviegne de novel devant ascunes Justices, demoerge la Justice saunz aler au juggement de treson, tanq p devant nre Seign' le Roi [en4] son plement soit le cas monstree & desclarre le quel ceo doit estre ajugge treson ou autre felonie. Et si p cas ascun home de cest Roialme chivach arme descovert ou secrement od gentz ar- mees contre ascun autre, p' lui tuer ou derober, ou pÕ lui phidre & retenir tanqil face fyn ou raunceon p' sa deliverance avoir, nest pas lentent du Roi & de

l conseil q en tiel cas soit ajugge treson, einz son gge felonie ou tspas solonc la lei de la ire aun- nement usee, & solonc ceo q le cas demand: et en tieu cas, ou autre semblable devant ces heures, :une Justice eit ajugge treson, & p celle cause les :s & teiiz soient devenuz en la main nre Seign e >i come forfaitz, eient les chiefs Seign's de^ fee lours hetes des teiiz de eux tenuz, le quel q les tenz ent en la main nre SeignÕ le Rot, ou en la main es ?s, p donn ou en autre maSe; Sauvant totefottz a

. SeignÕ le Roi lan & le wast, & auts forfate^ ' oc8 ' iã cases suisnomez;

,s &---- Ò* Ò,ieu u Òu,ti

ver la pteccion nre Se gn . j,

, de les tVes q son. en la - k Ò(, Ço brief as viscon.es des Conn^ ^ ont de osuer la main le R en en-

Auxint acorde est, q nu % ou de felonie, est s' la delivWe del endi e ^ endite-

soit chalange p uele cause p // m,.vij.(i7.)

. le grant seal le Rot. Pari. Eot.P^

È Lusseburgti Rot. Pari. Ò

4 & Rot. Pari-

Go

s

Hi

S

s

.li,

s'

H

s

s,

l'ii

n

:(S^

Èi,

m

am

ltB(;

!ÇV

"Ç(È!

lift;

Wflt

*a:

**!

Hh

!È(:

Çi'Ç

È¥

Qtl|i

|k:

am

P

sits

<F

feb

an

lili

M'

liii

is

ait

Itš

iiif

it!

jkr

lc-

niff

U<

iš

>È

b'

yt

È*

Èf

if

s'

.fÕ

de mensur & pond.

Estre cco, come contenu soit en la g*nt CtSre des franchises Dengletrre q nul soit pris ne emprisone, ne ouste de son frank ten ne de ses franchises ne de ses franches custumes, sil ne soit p lei de la tVe;

Acorde est, assentu & establi, q nul desore soit pris p peticion ou suggestion faite a nre Seign' le Roi ou a son conseill, sil ne soit p enditement ou p*sente- ment des bones & loialx du visnee ou tiele fait se face, & en due manle, ou pees fait sur brief origi.nal a la coe lei; ne q nul soit ouste de ses fran.chises ne de son frakteii sil ne soit mesne duement en respons, & forjugge dyceles p voie de lei; et si rien soit fait at encontr soit redresse & tenue p' nul.

Ensement acorde est & establi, q executours des executours eient accion des dettes, acomptes, & des biens emportez du primer testatour, & execucion des estatutz marchantz & reconissances faites en court de record au phner Testatour, en meisme la maSe come le phner testatour avÕoit sil feust en vie, auxi- bien daccions de temps passe, come de temps avenir, en toutz cases ou juggementz ne sont pas renduz unqore entre tieux executours des executours; mes q les juggementz a cont*ire en temps passe, estoisent en lour force; et q meismes les executours des execu.tours respoignent as au?s de tant come ils avÕeront recov*i des biens du p'mer testatour, sicome les phners executours ferroient sils feussent en pleine vie.

Auxint acorde est & assentu, q nul pnour de buche ou de maerisme al oeps nre Seign1 le Roi, pr oveyns ne pr auPs choses faire, coupe, ne abate les arbres de nully cressantz entour ou dedeinz sa mansion; et si nul face au conrfre face gre a la ptie du damage au treble,

& eit la prisone dun an, & soit forjugge de son office.

Estre ceo est acorde & establi, q nul Forester ne Gardein des forestes, ou des chaces, ne nul autre Ministre, ne face ne coille putÕe ne nul autre col.lect des vitailles ne de nul autre chose, p colour de son office contre nully volunte, deinz lour baillie ne dehors, forspris ce qest due dauncien droit.

Auxint acorde est & assentu, q nul home soit arte de trover gentz darmes, hobellers narchers au?s q ceux q tiegnent p tiele 9vice, sil ne soit de coe assent & g*nt fait en plement. Ensement prce q tresgrant damage & desceit est fait au poeple, p tant q plus's marchantz usent dachater & poiser leines & aurs mar- chandises p une pois qest appelle Aunseft, acorde est & establi, q celle pois appelle Aunsett entre achatour et vendour soit del tout oste, & q chescun vend & achatte p balances, issint q les balances soient owels & les leines & au?s marchandises owelment poisez p droit pois; et q le sak de leine ne poise q vint & sys peres, & chescun pere poise quatorze livres, & q lestater de la balance ne encline ne a lune ptie, ne al autre, & q le pois soit acordant al estandavd del Escheker: et si nul achatour face al encontre, soit grevousement puny si bien a la seute de ptie come a la seute nre Seign' le Roi.

Auxint come contenue soit en la gÒnde Chre q une mesure soit usee pmy tout EngletVe, la quele chartre nad mie este tenu bien en ceo point avant ces heures; si est acorde & assentu, q touz les mesures cest asa- voir bussel, di bussel, & peck, galon, potel Sc quart, p toute EngletVe deinz franchise & dehors soient acor- dauntz al estandard nre Seign' le Roi; & contiegne le quar? oet busselx p lestandard & nient pluis ; & soit chescune mesure de blee rase saunz comble, sauvez les rentes & fermes des Seign's queles soient mesurez p tiele mesure come eles soleient avant ces heures:

IV.

None shall

ITEM, Whereas it is contained in the Great Charter of the Franchises of England, that none shall be impri- ^tÈken u on soned nor put out of his Freehold, nor of his Franchises s'gg-cttion¡D nor free Custom, unless it be by the Law of the Land ; without It is accorded assented, and stablished, That from hence- lawful forth none shall be taken by Petition or Suggestion Prf,cntment; made to our Lord the King, or to his Council, unless it be by Indictment or Presentment of good and lawful People of the same neighbourhood where such Deeds be done, in due Manner, or by Process made by Writ original at the Common Law; nor that none be out of nor diifran- his Franchises, nor of his Freeholds, unless he be duly brought into answer, and forejudged of the same by J the Course of the Law; and if any thing be done against the same, it shall be redresseed and holden for none.

ITEM, It is accorded and stablished, That Executors of Executors shall have Adtions of Debts, Accompts, and of Goods carried away of the first Testators, and Execution of Statutes Merchants and Recognizances same Rights made in Court of Record to the first Testator, in the and Dutiei same Manner as the first Testator should have had if he were in Life, as well of A&ions of the Time past, as of the Time to come, in all Cases where Judgement is not yet given betwixt such Executors (') ; but that the Judgements given to the contrary to this Article in Times past shall stand in their Force; and that the same Executors of Executors shall answer to other of as much as they have recovered of the Goods of the first Testators, as the first Executors should do if they were in full Life.

ITEM, It is accorded and stablished, That no Taker VI. of Wood nor of Timber to the KingÕs Use for work, Purveyors nor for to make other thing, shall cut or cast down the Xree"^abouT Trees of any Man growing about or within his House ; thc Mansion, and if any do to the contrary, he shall make Gree to the Party of his Treble Damage, and to have one yearÕs Prison and to be forejudged of his office.

MOREOVER It is accorded and stablished, That no Forester, nor Keeper of Forest or Chase, nor any other Minister, shall make or gather Sustenance, nor other

V.

Executors of Executors shall have the

as the first Executors.

VII.

Keepers of Forests shall not exa&

Gathering of Vi&uals, nor other Thing, by colour of putllr(. &c

tVipir Offirp ?orainsf anv ManÕs "Will, within thfÈir TVaili- u.. ___<

their Office, against any ManÕs Will, within their Baili.wick nor without, but that which is due of old Right.

ITEM, It is accorded and assented, That no Man shall be constrained to find Men of Arms, Hoblers, nor Archers, other than those which hold by such Services, if it be not by common Assent and Grant made in Parliament.

by colour of Office.

VIII. No finding of Men of Arms, but by Tenure, or Grant in Parliament.

ITEM, Whereas great Damage and Deceit is done to the People, for that divers Merchants use to buy and Auncel weigh 'Wools and other Merchandises, by a Weight Weight which is called Auncel; It is accorded and established, abollsh'li- That this Weight called Auncel betwixt Buyers and Goods shÈU Sellers, shall be wholly put out; and that every Person be weighed do sell and buy by the Balance, so that the Balance be BAmce. even, and the Wools and other Merchandizes evenly weighed by right Weight ¥, so that the Sack of Wool weigh no more but xxvi Stones, and every Stone to weigh xiv 1. and that the Beam of the Balance do not bow more to the one part than to the other ; and that the Weight be according to the Standard of the Ex.chequer : And if any Buyer do the contrary, he shall be grievously punished, as well at the Suit of the Party, as at the Suit of our Lord the King.

X.

Magna Cart*, chapter *5. respe&ing Measures

ITEM, Whereas it is contained in the Great Charter, that one Measure shall be throughout England, which Charter hath not been well kept and holden in this point in Times past ¥, It is accorded and assented, That all the Measures, that is to say, Bushels, Half-bushels, Tecited and Peck, Gallon, Pottle, and Quart, throughout England, enforced, within Franchises and without, shall be according to the KingÕs Standard ; and the Quarter shall contain Eight Bushels by the Standard, and no more ¥, and every Measure of Com shall be striken without Heap, saving the Rents and Eerms of Lords, which shall be measured by such Measures as they were wont in Times past.

* of Executors

^¥.0.1351

Justices shall inquire of and punish the Offenders.

Saving of Franchises.

XI.

Aid to make the KingÕs Son Knight, or to marry his Daughter.

XII.

None shall take Profit by Exchange of Gold or Silver.

XIII. The current Coin shall not be impaired.

XIV.

Process

against

Persons indifled of Felony.

XV.

The Penalty of Purveyors taking more Sheep before sheanngTime than are wanted.

XVI.

Exception of Nontenure of Parcel.

XVII. Process

of Exigent in Debt, Detinue, and Replevin.

And the Purveyors of the King, of the Queen, and all other, shall make their Purveyances by the same Mea.sure striked in the same manner; and at all Times that shall be needful, [and'] our Lord the King shall assign certain Justices in every County to inquire, hear, and determine upon the Points aforesaid, and upon the same to do Punishment according to the Trespass, as well at the PartyÕs Suit as at the KingÕs; so always, that all Manner of Franchises be saved to the Lords in all Points without Blemish to be made in any Manner.

ITEM, It is assented, That reasonable Aid to make the KingÕs eldest Son Knight, and to marry his eldest Daughter, shall be demanded and levied after the Form of tne Statute thereof made, and not in other Manner, that is to say, of every (') Fee holden of the King without mean, Twenty Shillings and no more, and of every twenty pound of Land holden of the King without mean in Socage twenty Shillings and no more.

ITEM, It is accorded, That it shall be lawful for every Man to exchange Gold for Silver, [or Silver for Gold, or for Gold and Silver,3] so that no Man hold [the same as exchanged,*] nor take no Profit for making such Exchange, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the Money so exchanged; except the KingÕs Exchangers, which take Profit of such Exchange, according to the Ordi.nance afore made.

ITEM, It is accorded, That the Money of Gold and Silver which now runneth, shall not be impaired in Weight nor in Allay; but as soon as a good way may be found, the same be put in the antient State, as in the Sterling.

ITEM, It is accorded, That after any Man be indifled of Felony before the Justices in their Sessions to hear and determine, it shall be commanded to the Sheriff to attach his Body by Writ or by Precept, which is called a Capias; and if the Sheriff return in the same Writ or Precept, that the Body is not found, another Writ or Precept of Capias shall be incontinently made, re.turnable at three weeks after; and in the same Writ or Precept it shall be comprised, that the Sheriff shall cause to be seised his Chattels, and safely to keep them till the Day of the Writ or Precept returned; and if the Sheriff return, that the Body is not found, and the Indiftee cometh not, the Exigend shall be awarded, and the Chattels shall be forfeit, as the Law of the Crown ordaineth ; but if he come and yield himself, or be taken by the Sheriff, or by other Minister, before the Return of the second Capias, then the Goods and Chattels shall be saved.

ITEM, Forasmuch as the Takers and Buyers of the KingÕs Prises, do take Sheep from the People betwixt Easter and the Feast of Saint John Baptist, with their Wools, and prise the same at a small Price, and after send them to their own Houses, and do them to be shorn to their own Profit, in deceit of the King, and great Oppres.sion of the People ; It is accorded, that no such Taker, Purveyor, nor Buyer, shall take any Sheep before the Time of shearing, but as much as may reasonably suffice till the Time of shearing ; and after that Time they shall take as many Sheep shorn, and not other, that may reasonably suffice them for the Time to come: And if any Taker, Purveyor, or Buyer of the Realm, do against the same, and be thereof attainted at the Suit of the King, or of the Party, it shall be done of him as of a Thief or a Robber ; and the pain shall be con.tained in every Commission of such Purveyors.

ITEM, It is accorded, That by the Exception of Non.tenure of Parcel no Writ shall be abated, but for Quan.tity of the Nontenure which is alledged.

ITEM, It is accorded, That such Process shall be made in a Writ of Debt, and Detinue of Chattels, and taking of Beasts, by Writ of Capias, and by Process of Exigend [by!] the SheriffÕs Return, as is used in a Writ of Accompt.

1 Omit this Word. 2 Knight's

3 or for Gold, or Silver for Silver or for Gold,

* a common Exchange 5 upon

et facent les pÕveours le Roi, ma dame la Roime k t¡utz autres, lours pÕveances p meismes les mesures rases, & en meisme la matte; & a toutes les f0jt2 5 mesner Õsra, nfe SeignÕle Roi assignera Heines Justices en chescune Countee, denqueer & doier & tWier * les pointz suisditz, k de faire ce due punishment solonc chescun tspas, si bien a la seute de ptie, come a la seute le Roi; Issint totes foitz q toutes maÕSes dÇ franchises soient sauvez as SeignÕs en touz pointz saunz nul emblemissement ent faire en qcumq, ma&,

Estre ceo acorde est & assentu q renable eid pÕ faire leisne fitz le Roi Chivaler, & Sa eisnesceÕfill marier, soit demande k leve solonc la forme del esta- tut ent fait, k nemie en autre matte, cest assavoir de chescun fee (') tenue du Roi saunz mecn, vim souldz & nient plus ; & de chescun vint livree de ?re tenue du Roi saunz meen en sokage vint souldz & nient plus.

Ensement acorde est & establi, q bien Use a chescun hGme de chaunger or pÕ argent ou pÕ or, ou argent pr argent ou pÕ or, issint q nul home tiegne coe es- chaunge, ne rien p>igne de pfit p' tiel eschaunge faire, s' peine de forfait'e de la monoie issint chaungee, forprises les Chaungeours le Roi, les queux p>ignent pfit pr tiele eschaunge solonc lordenance avant faite.

Auxint acorde est & estabU, q la monoie dor & dargent qore coert, ne soit mie empire, en pois nen alai; mes au plus tost q home pusse trover bone voie qele soit mys en Iauncien estat, come en esterling.

Et auxint est acorde & assentu, q ap*s ceo q ascun home soit endite de felonie devant Justices en lour sessions doier & tminer, soit comande au viscont dat- tacfi son corps, p brief ou pkept qest appelle Capias, & le viscount retoum en le dit brief ou p>cept q le corps soit mie trovee, meintenant soit autre brief ou pkept de Capias fait, retournable as trois symeignes aps; & en meisme le brief ou p>cept soit compris q le viscount face seisir les chateux & les sauvement garder tanq, a jour de brief ou p>cept retournable; et si le vis.count respoigne q le corps nest pas trovee, ne lendite vient point, soit lexigend agarde & soient les cha.teux forfaitz, sicome la lei de la corone demand; Mes

viegne & se rend ou soit pris p viscount ou p tre Ministre devant le retourn del scde Capias, onqs soient les biens & les chateux sauvez. Ensement p'ce q les achatours & pnours des prises le oi pnent berbitz du poeple, pentre la Pasch et la fest Seint Johan od les leines, k les fount preiser a uene *] pris, & puis les mandent a lours mesons mesne & les fount tounder a lour pfit demesne, en ceit du Roi k gÓnt oppssion du poeple, Si est acorde assentuz, q nul des tieux Purveours, pnours & acta- urs ne p>igne nules berbitz devant la seisone du undeson, font* a tantz q p'ront suffire resonabtan ntq. au temps du toundison, & ap>s cel temps pÕtg a tantz de berbitz tounduz & nemie auts com ront suffire resonablement p' le temps avernr, Ç

,1 P'veour, pnour ou achatour du Rotalme, fa e *1 en ntre, & ceo soit atteint a la seute le to Ç££ it fait de lui come de laron ou de robbour & Wttla ine contenueen chescune comission des ueu p ^ Auxint acorde est & assentue, q P fo , [a mnten'e de pcell null brie soit a £nsement

lantite de la nountenÕe qest alegg ¥ ^ ^

orde est k assentue, q autiele p des

ief de dette, deteneu des&£££ , , ers p brief de Capias, & P brief dacompt.

de viscount, Çcome xix. (È)


Estre ceo acorde est k assentue, q nient contre- esteant adjoumement faite en Eire p brief de lifetate pbanda p'chacee en favour des neifs, p' delaier les Seign's de lours accions dePs tieux neifs, soient les Seign's receux dalegger excepcions de villenage contre lours vileins en routz briefs le quel q les ditz briefs de libtate pbanda soient p'chacez p deceit ou en autre maSe, et q les Seign's pussent seisir les corps de lours vileins, auxi bien come ils p'roient devant q tieux briefs de libtate pbanda feurent ordenez & p'chacez.

Auxint come nre Seign' le Roi eit avant ces heures fait pteccions as div*ses gentz q lui estoisent tenuz en ascuii ma8e des dettes, qils ne €ront mie empledez des dettes queles ils deivent as au?s, tanq, ils eussent fait gre a nre Seign' le Roi de ceo q lui estoit due p eux p resoun de sa pVogative, & issint durantes tieles ptec.cions nul home ad este osee dempleder tieux dett's; acorde est & assentue, q nient contreesteant tieles pteccions les pties qount accions a lours dettours, soient respounduz en la Court le Roi p lours det.tours, et si juggement soit sur ceo rendu p' le pleintif ou demandant, soit lexecucion de cel juggement mys en suspens tanq, gre soit fait au Koi de sa dette; et si les Creansours voillent emp'ndre p' la dette le Roi, soient ils a ceo receuz, k outre eient execucion dev*s lours dettours de dette a eux due, & auxint recovW de9s eux tant come ils paieront p' eux au Roi.

ITEM, It is accorded and assented, that notwithstand- XVIII. ing adjournment made in Eyre, by Writ of Libertate ^ j^1š* probanda, purchased in favour of Villaines to delay the pi^ded,

Lords of their Actions of such Villaines, the same Lords and ¥ Villain* shall be received to alledge the Exception of Villainage *e,ze<?> against their Villaines in all Writs, whether that the said Writs of Libertate probanda were purchased by deceit Libertate or in other manner; and that the Lords may seise the probanda. Bodies of their Villaines, as well as they might before that the Writs of Libertate probanda were ordained or purchased.

ITEM, Forasmuch as our Lord the King hath made XJX-, before this Time Protections to divers People, which jjr^tor^>8 * were bounden to him in some manner of Debt, that ,uaye not- they should not be impleaded of the Debts which they withstanding owed to other, till they had made Gree to our Lord the Proteaion*. King of that which to him was due by them, by reason of his Prerogative; and so during such Protections no Man [hath used, nor'] durst implead such Debtors ; It is accorded and assented, That notwithstanding such Stay of . Protections, the Parties which have Actions against their Debtors, shall be answered in the KingÕs Court by their 0f KingÕ* Debtors; and if Judgement be thereupon given for the Debt; or the Plaintiff or Demandant, the Execution of the same Judgement shall be put in Suspence till Gree be made for A to the King of his Debt; and if the Creditors will undertake for the KingÕs Debt, they shall be thereunto received, and shall have Execution against the Debtors of the Debt due [and adjudged *] to them, and also shall recover against them as much as they shall pay to the King for them.

Ensement acorde est & assentue, q les Moneours, k au?s gardeins k Ministres de la monoie, receivent plat dor & dargent p pois, k en meisme la maSe delivent les monoies qÒnt eles Õ^ront failz p pois, k nemie p nombre, saunz nully targer. Estre ce, come avant ces heures les Botillers nre SeignÕ le Roi & lours deputees soleient pndr, & pnent de jour en autre, moult plus des vyns, p colour de lour office al oeps nre Seign' le Roi qil ne bosoigneroit, des queux les plus fiebles ils deliv*ent al oeps nre fr le Roi, & les meillours en gÔnt nombre ils retiegnent de9s eux a vendre & a faire ent lour pfit, & alafoitz ils relessent as marchantz ceo qils ount pris de eaux, p' fines & donnes qils pignent de meismes les marchantz p extor.sion, en g*nt damage & empov'issement des ditz mar.chantz ; si est acorde k establi q le Seneschal del Hosdel le Roi, & le Tresorer de la Garderobe, man- dent as touz les portz DengletVe la ou vyns sont a pndr al oeps le Roi le c?tein nombre q le Botiller pndra en chescun port, si q rien soit pris outre cel nombre; et q Meir & Baillifs des ditz portz c?ti- fient les ditz Seneschal & Tresorer le nombre des toneux issint prises p le Botiller ou ses lieutenantz, souz les seals des ditz Meir & Baillifs, k p endenture faite entre eaux & les pnours des ditz vines ; et en cas qil soit trove q le Botiller ou ses lieu tenantz pignent plus ou pignent lower de nully ou delaie nully p colour de son office, come p arest, face gre de double a la ptie & soit ouste de son office, & eit la prison & soit reint a la volume le Roi; et le Roi as- signera ses Justices q*nt lui plerra denquere sur cestes choses; & respoigne le Botiller sibien p' ses deputees come p' lui meismes, la ou ils ne sont mie sufficeantz.

Auxint pr ce q ascuns p'cbacent a la Court de Rome pvisions, davoir Abbeies St Priories en Engle?re, en destruccion du Roialme Sc de seinte religion, acorde est & assentue q chescun q p'chace tieles pvisions dabbeie ou de priorie, q lui k ses executours & peuratours q suent & fount execucion de tieles pvisions, soient hors de la pteccion nre SeignÕ le Roi; & q home pusse faire

ITEM, It is accorded and assented, That the Money- ors, and other Wardens and Ministers of the Money, shall receive Plate of Gold and Silver by the Weight; and in the same Manner shall deliver the Money when it shall be made, by Weight, and not by Number, with.out any tarrying.

XX.

Plate .hall be received at the Mint, and Coin delivered, by Weight.

XXI.

Abuses by the KingÕs Butlers m Purveyance of Wine.

Regulations

therein.

ITEM, Whereas before this Time the KingÕs Butlers and their Deputies were wont to take, and daily do take much more Wine, by Colour of their Office, to the KingÕs Use, than they shall need, whereof the worst they deliver to the KingÕs Use, and the best in great Number they retain to themselves, to sell and make thereof their Profit; and sometime they release to Mer.chants that which they have taken of them, for Fines and Gifts, which they take of the same Merchants by Extortion, to the great Damage and Impoverishment of the said Merchants ; It is accorded, That the Steward of the KingÕs House, and Treasurer of the Wardrobe, shall send to all the Ports of England, where Wines be to be taken to the KingÕs Use, the certain number which the Butler shall take in every Port, so that nothing be taken over this Number; and that the Mayor and Bailiffs of the said Ports certify the said Steward and Treasurer of the Number of all the Tuns so taken by the Butler or his Lieutenant, under the Seal of the said Mayor and Bailiffs, by Indentures made betwixt them and the Takers of the said Wines; and in case that it be found, that the Butler or his Lieutenant take more, or take Reward of any, or delay any by Colour of his Office, as by arrest, he shall make Gree to the Party of the double, and shall be put out of his Office, and have Imprison.ment, and be ransomed at the KingÕs Will; and the King shall assign his Justices when it shall please him, to enquire upon these Things; and the Butler shall answer as well for his Deputies as for himself, where they be not sufficient.

ITEM, Because that some do purchase in the Court XXU. of Rome Provisions, to have Abbies and Priories in on

England, in Destruction of the Realm, and of Holy \voV;Óon?Èt Religion; It is accorded, That every Man that pur- Rome,tor chaseth such Provisions of Abbies or Priories, that he and Abbie*, or his Executors and Procurators, which do sue and make Pnone* Execution of such Provisions, shall be out of the KingÕs Protection ; and that a Man may do with them as of

Punishment of the Butler*.

Old Printed Copie* omit these Word*.

4n

VoL. I.

XXIII.

Companies of Lombards answerable for the Debts of their Fellows.

Of the proclaiming the Statute.

Enemies of our Sovereign Lord the King and his Realm; And he that offendeth against such Provisors in Body or in Goods, or in other Possessions, shall be excused against all People, and shall never be impeached nor grieved for the same at any ManÕs Suit.

ITEM, Whereas much People of the Realm, which have made Contra&s with Lombards, that be named of the Companies dwelling in the same Realm, which Lombards after that they have made their Obligations to their Creansours, have suddenly escaped out of the Realm without Agreement made to their said Creansours, in deceit and great damage of the People: It is accorded and assented, That if any Merchant of the Company, knowledge himself bound [by the Manner,'] that the Company shall answer of the Debt. So that another Merchant which is not of the Company, shall not be thereby grieved or impeached.

1 in that manner,

The King to the Sheriff of Kent, Greeting. Certain Sta.tutes passed in our Parliament assembled at Westminster in the Feast of St. Hilary last past, by Us, the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, and others of the Commonalty of our Realm of England, summoned to the said Parliament, We do send to you under our Seal; charging you to cause the said Statutes to be read in your full County Court, and the same to be striflly observed, and holden. Witness the King at Westminster, the sixth day of March.

Like Writs are dire&ed to all the Sheriffs through England, under the same date.

A like Writ is dire&ed to the Justice of Ireland, changing what ought to be changed, under the same date.

Like Writs are direfted to the Persons under-written, under the same date; that is to say:

William de Shareshull and his Companions, Justices assigned to hold Pleas before the King himself:

John de Stonore and his Companions, Justices of the Com.mon Bench:

The Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer.

de lui come de enemy du Roi et du Roialme- Ç ' celui 5 face contre riels pvisours en corps ou biens ou en aurs possessions, soit excuse dev's touz gents & p tant ne soit james greve nempeschee au seute de nully.

Auxint pÕce q plusurs gentz du Roialme, q0m fait comrades ove Lumbardz q sont nomez des compaignies demorantz en meisme le Roialme, queux Lombards aP*s qils ount fait lours obligacions a lours Creansours, se sont sodeinement eschapez hors du Roialme, saunz gre faire a les ditz Creansours, en deceit & g*m damage du poeple ; acorde est & assentuz q si nul marchant de compaignie conue se oblige p la marJe, q la compaignie respoigne de la dette. Issint q autre marchant qi nest mie de la compaignie ne soit p tant grevez nempeschez.

Jfc Vic! Kane, sattm. Quedam statuta, in pliamento nro apud Westm in festo sei Hillar px ptito convocato, p nos Prelatos Duces Comites Barones 8c alios de coitate regni nri Angt ad dem pliamentum sumonitos, edita, tibi mittim9 sub pede sigilli nri, mandantes qd statuta p*dcfa in pleno Com tuo legi 8c ea firmi? observari h teneri fad. T. R. apud Westm vi. die Mar?.

Cons feria diriguntÕ singulis vicecomitibj p Angt sub eadem data.

Cons bre dirigit' Justie Hifeii mutatis mutand sub eadem data.

Coni feria dirigunt' subscripris sub eadem data vidett.

Witto de Shareshull 8c sociis suis Justie ad ptita coram rege tenend assign.

Jofe de Stonore 8c sociis suis Justie de coi Banco.

Thes 8c Baronibj de scaceio.

flDrdtnatto pÕ Clcro

feÕa apuD OZKestm, anno r- ia.C. tÕett tucegtmo qutttfo.

An ORDINANCE for the CLERGY,

Made at Westminster in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of K. Edward III.

Statute the Sixth.*

OUR Lord the King, seeing and examining by good Deliberation the Petitions and Articles delivered to him in his Parliament holden at Westminster in the Feast of St. Hilary, the Year of his Reign of England the Five and twentieth, and of France the Twelfth, by the Honourable Father in God, Simon Archbishop of Canterbury, and other Bishops of his Province, upon and for certain Grievances, which they alledged to be done to Holy Church, and to the Clergy, against the Privileges of Holy Church ; and then they prayed, that

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 16 d.

Nre Seignour le Roi, veues 8c examinez p bone deliberacion les peticions 8c articles a lui bailliez en son plement, tenuz a Westmonster en la feste de seint Hillar lan de son regne DenglePre vinrisme quint, 8c de France duszisme, p Lxm'able pierš 01 Dieu Simon Ercevesq, de Cantbirs et auts Evesqs de sa pvince, s' 8c p' c?teines grevances queles ils disoient estre faites a seinte eglise et a la clergie, encontre les privileges de seinte eglise, 8c dunk ils prierent q cove-

* Statute the Third in all former Printed Copies; and entitled Ò Statutum pro Clero. A Statute for the Clergy.Ó-It is entered on the Back of the Statute Roll. See the Note to Statute the First of this Year.


DÕfclanaSc

Statute

In Margine

Rotuli.

<25¡ Edw. III. Stat. 6. c. 1Ñ4.

3 25

A.D. 1351-2.

S

s

V*

'È>i

¥u

Si

fa

V

i

Çii

fci

ill

k

nable remedie ent foist ordene, al rePence de Dieu & de seinte eglise, & de lassent de son dit plement, p' lui & ses heirs voet & gÔnt les point z southescriptz.

Prin)ement q toutz les franchises et privileges g*ntez p devant a la dite clergie soient confermez & tenuz en toutz pointz. Et q"nt as psentementz af.faire p nre dit Seignour le Roi ou nul de ses heirs, as benefices de seinte eglise en autri droit p auncien title, nre Seignour le Roi, al hon' de Dieu & de seinte eglise voet et gÒnt, de meisme lassent de son dit ple.ment, q desore il ne nul de ses heirs ne p*ndra title de p>senter a nul benefice en autri droit, de nul temps de ses pgenitours, ne q nul Prelat de son roialme soit tenuz de receivre nul tiel p'sentement afaire, ne ent faire execucion; ne nule Justice del une place ne de lautre pusse ne deive sr nul tiel p)sentement affaire plee tenir ou juggement doner; mes q le dit Roi & ses heirs soient de touz tieuz psentementz forbarrez a touz jours, sauvant au dit Roi & a ses heirs toutz tielx pÕsentementz en autri droit de tout son temps et de temps avenir.

Et p'ce q en plement tenuz a Westmonstier lan du regne nre dit Seign' le Roi quatorzisme, entre au?s choses adonqes g*ntez as Prelatz & a seinte eglise, estoit or.dene q le Roi ne pndroit title de psenter a nul benefice en autri droit, forsqs de vacacions q aviendreient des tielx benefices deinz trois annz pscheins devant son psente- ment, quele chose semblast trap pjudiciele au Roi & a ses heirs, Acorde est en cest plement q la dite ordi.nance qÔnt a ce point soit tenu pr nule, & q toutz les autls articles contenuz en meisme lordenance, & gÒntes adonqs faitz a seinte eglise, estoisent en lour force.

Auxint come nre Seign' le Roi eit, avant ces heures, pris title de psenter a suggestion des plusours clercs, la ou le title nad este vVei, & pmi tielx psen- tementz & juggementz s' ce renduz, les clercs ount este receuz p Ordinaries des lieux, contre dieu Sc bone foi, & en depssion de ceux q avoient bone & vVei title es ditz benefices; si voet le Roi & g"nt, tj a quele heure qil ferra collacion ou psentement desore a nul benefice ensi en autri droit, q le title s' quel il se fon- dra soit bien examinee qil soit vVei; et a quele heure q avant le juggement rendu le title soit trovee p bone informacion nient vVei ne just, soit la collacion ou Psentement ent fait repelle, & eit le patron ou le pos.sessor, q monstra & pva le faux title, s' ce briefs de la Chancellerie qÕnq, a lui sront busoignables.

Item come les ditz Prelatz eient grevousement pleint enpriant ent remedie, de ce q clercs seculers, auxi bien Chapelleins come auts, Moignes & auts gentz de religion, eient este treinez & penduz p agard des Justices seculers, en pjudice des franchises, & deps.sion de jurisdiccion de seinte eglise; si est acorde & g"nte p le Roi, en son dit plement, q touz maSes des clercs, auxibien seculers come religiouses, qi sront desore convi&z devant les Justices seculers p' qcomqs felonies ou tresons touchantes auts psones q le Roi meismes ou sa roiale majeste, eient & enjoient fran- chement desore privilege de seinte eglise, & soient saunz nule empeschement ou delai liv'ez a les Ordi.naries eux demandantz. Et p' ce gÓnt le dit Erce- vesq, pmist au Roi, q sur le punissement & sauve gard de tieux clercs meffesours, q sront ency as Orde- nares livÕez, il enferroit ordenance covenable, p la quelle tieux clercs enserroient salvement gardez & duement puniz, ensi q nul clerc empndreit mes baudure de ensi meffaire p defaute de chastiement.

a conveniable Remedy might be thereof ordained, to the Reverence of God and of Holy Church ; by the Assent of his Parliament, for him and his Heirs, willeth and granteth the Points underwritten.

FIRST, That all the Privileges and Franchises granted heretofore to the said Clergy be confirmed and holden in all Points. And as touching Presentments to be made by our Lord the King, or any of his Heirs, to a Benefice of Holy Church in anotherÕs Right by old Title, our said Lord the King, to the Honour of God and Holy Church, willeth and granteth, of the Assent of the said Parliament, that from henceforth he nor any of his Heirs shall not take Title to present to any Bene.fice in any otherÕs Right of any Time of his Progenitors; nor that any Prelate of his Realm be bound to receive any such Presentment to be made, nor to do thereof any Execution; nor that any Justice of the one Place, or the other, may not nor ought not to hold Plea, or give Judgement upon any such Presentment to be made; but that the said King and his Heirs be for ever here.after clearly barred of all such Presentments ; saving always to him and his Heirs all such Presentments in anotherÕs Right [fallen, or to fall,1} of all his Time, and of the Time to come.

AND, Because in the Parliament holden at Westminster the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of our Lord the King that now is, amongst other Things then granted to the Prelates of Holy Church, it was ordained, That the King should not take Title to present to any Bene.fice in anotherÕs Right, but of the Voidances which shall happen of such Benefices within Three Years next before his Presentment, which Thing seemeth very pre.judicial to the King and his Heirs; It is accorded in this present Parliament, That the said Ordinance, as to this Point, shall be holden for none ; but nevertheless, that all the other Articles contained in the said Ordi.nance, and [GrantÕ] then made to Holy Church shall stand in their Force.

ITEM, Whereas before this Time our Lord the King hath taken Title to present to Benefices at the Sugges.tion of many Clerks, where the Title hath not been true, and by such Presentments and Judgements there.upon given, the Clerks have been received by the Or.dinaries of the Places, against God and good Faith, and in Depression of them which had good and true Title to the said Benefices ; now the King will and granteth, That at what Time he shall [take Õ] Collation or Present.ment from henceforth to any Benefice in anotherÕs Right, that the Title whereupon he groundeth himself shall be well examined that it be true ; and at what Time before Judgement (Õ) the Title be found by good Information untrue or unjust, the Collation or Presentment thereof made, shall be repealed; and the Patron, or the Pos.sessor, which shall shew and prove the false Title, shall have thereupon Writs out of the Chancery as many as to him shall be needful.

ITEM, Whereas the said Prelates have grievously complained, praying thereof Remedy, for that secular Clerks, as well Chaplains as other Monks, and other People of Religion, have been drawn and hanged by Award of the secular Justices, in Prejudice of the Fran.chises of Holy Church, and in Oppression of the Juris.diction thereof; It is accorded and granted by the said King in his Parliament, That all Manner of Clerks, as well secular as religious, which shall be from henceforth convift before the secular Justices aforesaid, for any Treasons or Felonies touching other Persons than the King himself, or his Royal Majesty, shall from hence.forth freely have and enjoy the Privilege of Holy Church, and shall be without any Impeachment or Delay de.livered to the Ordinaries demanding them. And for this Grant the said Archbishop promiseth to our Lord the King, that upon the Punishment and safe keeping of such Clerks Offenders, which so shall be delivered to the Ordinaries, he shall thereof make a convenient Ordinance, whereby they shall be safely kept and duly punished, so that no Clerk shall take Courage to offend for Default of Correction.

1 Not in Original; nor in MS.Tr. 2.

2 Grants 3 make * rendered

I.

Confirmation of Privileges and Fran.chises.

The King's Presentations to Benefices in Right of another, limited to Titles in hit own Time.

II.

A Repeal of the Statute of i + Ed III. Stat 4. cap a. touching the KingÕs Pre.sentation to a Church, in anotherÕs

Right.

III.

On Present.ations in anotherÕs Right the King's Title shall be examined.

IV. Clerks convided of Felony or Treason shall be delivered to their Ordinaries.

V.

Clerks arraigned shall not be remanded to Gaol, on surmise of other Offences.

VI.

BishopÕs Temporalties shall uot.be seised for a Contempt.

VII.

The Title taken for the King to a Benefice lapsed, may be counter- pleaded.

VIII.

Cognisance of Avoidance of Benefices declared to appertain to the

Ecclesiastical

Judge.

IX.

Indi&ments of Ordinaries for Extortion must be certain.

ITEM, Although that Clerks arraigned of Felony before secular Justices, which challenged their Clergy, and were demanded by the Ordinary of the Place, have been often before this Time remanded to the Gaol by the said Justices, surmising to them, that other Ihings be to be said against them ; nevertheless because the com.mon Law is, That a Clerk in such Case ought not to be remanded to the Gaol, but ought to be presently ar.raigned of all, or otherwise delivered to the Ordinary ; It is accorded, l hat this Point be kept by all manner of Justices and Judges secular throughout our Realm.

ITEM, Because the Temporalties of Archbishops and Bishops have been oftentimes taken into the King s Hands for Contempts done to him upon Writs of Quare non admisit, and likewise for divers other Causes, whereof the said Prelates have prayed the King, that no such Taking shall from henceforth be made, sith they be Peers of the Land ; the King will and granteth, in the same Parliament, That all the Justices which from henceforth shall give Judgement against any Prelate of the Land in such Case, or the like, that they in such Case may freely receive, and from henceforth shall receive for the Contempt so judged, a reasonable Fine of the Party so condemned, according to the Quantity of the Trespass, and after the Quality of the Contempt, incontinently at the Time of the Judgement, if the Party offer the same, or otherwise after the Judgement, at what Time the Party will offer himself; and if it need, the Chancellor and the Treasurer shall be called to the Receipt of the said Fines.

ITEM, Because that many Presentments to divers Benefices of Holy Church, as well of the Patronage of Lay People, as of People of Holy Church, which were void by Six Months, whereof the Collation of such Be.nefices by Lapse of Time was devolute, and of Right pertaining to the Ordinaries of the Places, were reco.vered by the King by Judgements thereof given of the Assent of the said Patrons, in Deceit of the said Col.lations so made reasonably by the said Ordinaries ; in which Pleas (Ô) the Ordinaries nor their Clerks, to whom they did give such Benefices, were not received to shew nor defend their Right in this Behalf, [nor to counterplead the KingÕs Right so claimed,1] which if not reasonable ; Wherefore the King, by the Assent ol the said Parliament, will and granteth for him and his Heirs, That when Archbishops, Bishops, or other Or.dinaries, have given a Benefice of Right devolute to him by Lapse of Time, and after the King presenteth and taketh the Suit against the Patron, which percase will suffer that the King shall recover without Adlion tried, in deceit of the Ordinary, or the Possessor of the said Benefices, that in such Case, and in all other Cases like, where the KingÕs Right is not tried, the Arch.bishop or Bishop, Ordinary or Possessor, shall be re.ceived to counterplead the Title taken for the King, and to have his Answer, and to shew and defend his Right upon the Matter, although that he claim nothing in the Patronage in the Case aforesaid.

ITEM, Whereas the said Prelates have shewed and prayed Remedy, for that the secular Justices do accroch to them Cognisance of Voidance of Benefices of Right, which Cognisance and the discus-ing thereof pertaineth to the Judges of Holy Church, and not to the Lay Judge; The King will and granteth, That the said Justices shall from henceforth receive such Challenges made or to be made by any Prelate of Holy Church in this Behalf, and moreover thereof shall do Right and Reason.

ITEM, Because that the KingÕs Justices do take In- duftments of Ordinaries, and of their Ministers, of Extortions and Oppressions, and impeach them, with.out putting in certain, wherein or whereof, or in what Manner they have done Extortion ; The King will, That his Justices shall not from henceforth impeach the Ordinaries, nor their Ministers, because of such Indid- ments of general Extortions or Oppressions, unless they say, and put m certain, in what Thing, and of what, and in what Manner the said Ordinaries or their Ministers have done Extortions or Oppressions.

Ô to defend tbmselvei, and to counterplead the King', Right ,o claimed, Omit these Words.

Item coment q clercs, aresnez de felonie devant Justices seculers q chalengeient leur clergie & feurent demandez p le Ordinaire del lieu, eient este sovent avant ces tieures remandez a la gaole pies ditz Justices s'mettant a eux q home ad autre chose a dire dev*s eux ; nientmeins pÕ ce q coe lei est q clerc en tieu cas ne doit estre remande a la gaole, mes doit meintenant estre arenee de tout, ou autrement delivres al Ordenairie- Acorde est q cest point soit garde p toutea ma3es des Justices & Jugges seculers p toute nre roialtne.

Item p' ce q les temporaltees des Ercevesqes & Eves- qes ount este sovent foitz pris en la main le Roi, p' contempt fait a lui s' le brief Quare non admisit, & ensement p plusures auts causes, dount les dkz Pre- latz ount priez au Roi q nule tiele prise se face desore desicome ils sont Peires de la Pre; si voet le Roi & g*nti en meisme ceste dit plement, q touz les Justices q ren- dront desore les juggementz cofitre nul Prebt de la Vre, en tieu cas ou semblable, qils en tieu cas pussent franche- ment receivre & desore receivent pÕ le contempt ensi ajugge fyn resonable de la ptie ency condempnee, so- lone la quantite du Pspas & sokmc la qualite du con.tempt, meintenant au temps de juggement, si !a ptie loffre, ou autrement ap>s le juggement a quelle heure q la ptie le voet offrer, et sil busoigne, le Chanceller & Tresorer soient a la receite de dit fyn appellez.

Item p'ce q plusurs p'sentementz as diPses bene- fices de seinte eglise sibien de -pronage de laies gentz come de gentz de seinte eglise, qestoient voides p sys mois, dount les collacions de tieux benefices p laps de temps estoient devolutz & de droit app'tenan- tes a les Ordinaries des lieux, estoient recopiz p le Roi, p juggement ent rendu de lassent des ditz patrons, en deceit de les collacions ensi faites reson- ablement p les ditz Ordinaries, en queux plees, a eux defendre & contrepleder le droit le Roi ensi cla- mee, les Ordinaries ne lours clercs as queux ils do- noient tieux benefices, nestoient receuz a monstrer ou defendre lour droit en ceHe ptie, la quele chose nes- toit mie resonable ; p quoi le Roi, de lassent de son dit plement, voet & g'nt pr lui & pr ses heirs, q q*nt Ercevesq,, Evesq,, ou autre Ordinarie ad done un benefice de droit a lui devolut p laps de temps, k a p's le Roi p'sente & p'igne sa seute dePs lun patron, qi p cas voet soefrir q le Roi recoP saunz acdon trie, en deceit de Lordinair, ou le possessour des ditz benefices, q en tieu cas & en toutes au'ts cases sem- blables ou le droit le Roi nest pas trie, Lercevesq,, Evesq,, Ordinar, ou le possessour soient receuz a contrepleder le title pris pr le Roi, & davoir son re spons & a monstrer Sc defendre son droit s' la matire, tout soit il q il riens cleime el pronage en cas susdit.

Item come les ditz Prelatz eient monstrez & priez remedie s' ce, q les Justices seculers acrochent a eux conissance de voidance des benefices de droit, quelle conissance & discussion attient a Jugge de seinte eglise, & nient a lai Jugge; si voet le Roi & gnte q les dites Justices desore receivent tieles chalenges faites ou affaire p qcumqs Prelatz de seinte eglise, en celle ptie, & outre ent facent droit & reson.

Item p'ce q les Justices le Roi pnent enditementz des Ordinaries & de lours Mimstres, de extorsions k oppssions, & les empeschent saunz ce qils mettent en Ptein en quoi ou de qi ou en quelle marie ils ount fait extorsion, si voet le Roi q les Justices le Roi ne empes. chent desore les Ordinaries ne lour Ministres p cause de tieux enditementz des geiials extorsions ou ¡PP" sions, sils ne mettent ou dient en ctein en que c chose & de qi & en quelle marie les ditz Ordinaries ou lours Ministres ount fait extorsions ou oppssions.


-2.

25¡ Ebw. III. Stat.l.

327

&tatutum toe jfojma letoattonts ©ectme^qutnte.

The STATUTE of the Form of levying of the Fifteenth.*

Ex MS. Cott. Nero. C. I. fo. 66.

COME nre (' le Roi Prelatz [Dues'] Countz Barouns & au?s [graundz*] assemblez en cest pse1 plement tenuz a Westm en la feste de seint Hillar lan de nre C le Roy Dengt xxv*. & de Fraunce xij'. eient g*untez as les Coes du Roiat Dengt en tide de x'. & xv'. queux les ditz Coes ount g*untez a nre f le Roi, p' lesploit de sa guerre de Fraunce & defence de son Roiat Dengt, p' trois ans pscheinz ensuantz, toutz les fyns issuez forfaitz aiSciamtz & to1* au?s pfitz, q sout ou ?rout levez ou p's des laborers artifices regra- tiers vitaitt hostillers & to1* maSe dez odours & dez €vÔntz en to'* pointz, coe pleinemt est contenuz en lestat' ent fait au darreign plemt tenuz a Westm as lez Oeptavez de la Chaundeleure lan suisdit, de la feste de Pasq, darreigne passe tanq, au darreigne tme du paienit dez disme & xv*. av*ntditz: Et ovesqs ceo si riens soit aderere dez ditz fins & aiScianitz & auts pfitz suisditz de la fesance du die estat1, q nest mye paicz a lez Coes en tide de lour disme & xv*. cur.rant devaunt sez hoeurez, [ou des somez *] dez queux le Roy nest mye respondue, adonqs eient lez ditz Coes ceo q est issint aderere en tide de lour x'. & xv'. trienalx a ceo [pleinemt*] g*untez : les ditz Coes prie1 a nre i' le Roi & as les g'undz, q Comissions dez laborers soient faitz as c?teinz gentz en chune Countee nomez p les ditz Coes en mesme le plenit, denquere & de fair droit solonq, lestat1 av*ntdit: Et

q mesmez lez Justic pigne1 gagez resonablez, chune golonqs son estate, dez issuez & pfitz sourdantz a lour Sessions; & q lez JustiC facent deliver lour extretz as Coillo's dez ditz x'. & xv'. es Countees ou ils Qrout p endentur. Et q lez estretz ent livÕez en les- chequer soie1 liv'ez as ditz Justic, q lez facent liver hors de lour garde as ditz Coillo's; & mesmez lez Justi? av*nt lour levez en chune [Countee5] facent affirer lez anJciamtz co' appent, et qu*nt ils Profit [issint affaire 6] soie* toutz les estretz & to'* les pfitz de lour Session a la fyn de chune Session mys en ctein some en la psence des ditz Justic? & coillo's & des Chrs & sjantz de meuz vauez de paiis, & soit aporc5ne mesme la some p Seme' dez bonez & loialx Clirs & auts; de chune Hundr soie1 c?ttins gentz eslieux devÕnt mesmez lez Justic tantz come busoignia jurrez a monstrer & a dire, de chune ville del Hundr & de chune (7) la gast meschief & empovissenit dicett, sitin deinz f*un- chisez come dehors, saunz celler ou favour fair a nulluy, & soit la s5me, q'unt tie sra mys issint en ?tein, au fyn de chune Session apporcone entre lez villez av'ntditz & hamelx, p ladvys dez ditz Justif & p le dement dez ditz Coillours 8: auts suisnomez solonqs lestate des ditz villez Harnett & lour mesehiefs, & solonqs ceo q lour necc'ie dde ; issint q a chune ville & hamel soit allowe sa portion, & mys en <?tein, & la cause dicelle, dev*nt les ditz Justic, mys en lour record; & recoupe en ptie de paieiiit del auncien taxe dez ditz viti & hamett ; & qe le remen'nt du

. Printed Copies omit. * gentz 3 en somonce

4 perlement > Session 6 afferez

7 hamett

Statute the Seventh.

WHEREAS Our Sovereign Lord the King, the I" whÇt

Prelates, (') Earls, Barons, and other [People,*] £j*ªer 1 ' assembled at his Parliament holden at Westminster in the rc,pÇaing Feast of Saint Hilary, the Year of the Reign of our said So- Labourer* vereign Lord the King, of England the xxv. and of France .

the xij. [hath J] granted to the Commons of the Realm of England, in Aid of the Disme and Quinzime, which Subsidy, the said Commons have granted to our Sovereign Lord the King, for the Speed of his Wars of France, and Defence of his Realm of England, for three Years next ensuing, all the Fines, Issues, Forfeits, Amerciaments, and all other Profits which be or shall be levied or taken of Labourers, Artificers, Regratours, Vitailers,

Hostlers, and all Manner of Workmen, and of Ser.vants, in all Points fully as is continued in the Statute thereof made at the last Parliament, holden at Westminster at the Utas of Candlemas, the Year aforesaid, from the Feast of Easter last past, till the last Term of the [Parliament*] of the Disme and Quinzime aforesaid :

And further if any Thing be behind of the said Fines, Amerciaments and other Profits aforesaid, [of5] the making of the said Statute, that is not paid to the Commons in Aid of their Disme and Quinzime, running before this Time, [in Summons6] whereof the King is not answered, that then the said Commons shall have that that is (Õ) behind, in Aid of their Disme and Quin.zime triennial, granted at this Parliament: And the said Commons prayeth our Sovereign Lord the King, and the Great Men, that Commissions of Labourers be made to certain People in every County, named by the said Commons in this Parliament to enquire and do Right according to the said Statute: And that the same Justices take reasonable Wages, every one after his Estate, of the Issues and Profits rising of their Sessions:

And that the Justices do to be delivered their Estreats to the Colleftors of the said Disme and Quinzime, in the Counties where they shall be, by Indenture. And that the Estreats thereof delivered at the Exchequer shall be delivered to the said Justices; and that they do the same to be delivered out of their Custody to the said Colleftors; and the same Justices before their rising in every Sessions shall do to be affered the Amerciaments as pertaineth ; and when they shall be (") affered, all the Estreats and all the Profits of their Sessions, at the End of every Sessions shall be put in a certain Sum, in the Presence of the said Justices and Colleftors, and of the Knights and Serjeants of the best of the Country ; and [be it apportioned of the same Sum9] by the Oaths of good and lawful Knights, and other [of every Hundred in the Form as hereafter fol- loweth ; that is to say Ô¡] of every Hundred there shall be certain People chosen before the same Justices, as many as shall need, sworn to show and to say of every Town of the Hundred, and of every Hamlet, the Wastes,

Mischiefs, and Impoverishments of the same, as well [of"] Franchises as without, without concealing, or fa.vouring of any Man: And the Sum when it shall be so put in certain, shall be apportioned at the End of every Sessions, betwixt the said Towns and Hamlets, by the Advice of the said Justices, and by the Oath of the Colletiors and other above named, according to the Estate of the said Towns and Hamlets, and their Mis.chief, and according as their Necessities demandeth ; so that to every Town and Hamlet the Portion shall be allotted and put in certain, and the Cause of the same before the said Justices, and put in their Record, and recouped in part of Payment of the old Tax of the said Towns and Hamlets; and that the Remnant of

1 Dukes 1 Great Men 3 have ¥ Payment

5 from 6 or of the Sums 7 so * to

s the said Sum shall be apportioned m Not in Original.

¥' within

* These Titles are from the Old Printed Copies and Translations. This Instrument is notentered on the Statute Roll. The various Readings in the Notes are from the Old Printed Copies.

Vol. I.

40

328

25¡ Edw. III. Stat. 7.

^¥.^¥1351.2,

ThiÇ Article for the Clergy is respited until the next Parliament.

the said Tax of the said Towns and Hamlets, be levied by the said ColleGcrs, beside the Estreats de.livered to them by the said Justices, according to the said apportioning and no more, upon Pain to lwe the Treble to the Parties of whom the Things shall be levied, and which thereof feeleth them grieved, and to be ransomed at the KingÕs Will; and that the said Jus.tices have Power to hear and determine, as well at the Suit of the Party, as at the KingÕs Suit, of the Col- leftors, Under Colle&ors, Taxers, and all other Minis.ters, and all other which shall do or come against the said Ordinances, and to make thereupon ready Punish.ment ; and that all the Profits rising of such Punishments in any Manner, which shall be judged before the said Justices, of such Labourers, Workmen, and Artificers, or because of them, shall be in Aid of the Commons, for to bear the Charge of their Disme and Quinzime aforesaid ; and that it be contained in the Commissions thereof made that all Ministers of Lords of Franchises, and their Bailiffs shall be attendant to the said Justices upon a grievous Pain : To which Things aforesaid, Our Sovereign Lord the King, and the Prelates, (') Earls, Barons and other Great Men, being in the said Parlia- ment, have fully given their Assent: So always that by Occasion of any Point aforesaid, the levying nor the Payment of the said Disme and Quinzime triennial, shall in nowise be delayed at any of the Terms aforesaid.

Dull!

(') taxe des ditz villez & hamett soit levee p lez ditz Coillo's oustre les estretez liv'ez a eux p lez ditz Jus tif, solonq, lapporcionement suisdit, & nient pluis, sur peyne de pdre la treble as ptiez dez queux lez chosez (¥) & q de ceo soi sentont grevez, & destre reintz a la volume le Roi; et q lez Justic eient power doier & Pmler, sifen a suite de ptie come al suite le Roi, dez Coillo's & Southcoillo's taxours & autrez Ministrez qconqs, & dez toutz auPs q ferrout ou vendrout count1 lez ordeign*ncez suisditz, & affaire s' ceo redde pu- nissenit; & q to11 lez pfitz issantz dez tielx punis- semtz en qconq^ marie, q Profit ajuggez dev*nt lez ditz JustiC, des tielx Laborers oPours & artifick, ou p cause deux, soient en eide de la coie, p' port5 la charge de lour xe. & xv'. av*ntditz; et q contenue soit en lez Comissions ent faitz, q toutz Ministrez des f rs dez fÔunchisez & de lour bait! soient entendantz a lez ditz Justic, sur greve peyne: as queux chosez nre (' le Roi & lez Prelatz, Dues, Countz, [Barouns,3] & au?s gÕundz au dit plement assemblez ount donez lour assent pleSemt; issint toutz voiez, q p cause de null point suisdit de lever ne de paier les ditz x". & xvÓ. triennalx ne soit pas delaie en nuff ma9e a nul dez ?mez suisditz.

. dit Õ Dront levez * Printed Copits omit.

THE KING to All to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Whereas in our last Parliament holden at Westminster in the Feast of Saint Hilary last past, among other Petitions and Articles exhibited in the same Parliament by the Honourable Father in God Simon Archbishop of Canter.bury, for himself and his brethren the Bishops of his Pro.vince, concerning certain Grievances which they alledged to be done to Holy Church against the Privileges thereof, it was claimed on the part of the said Clergy, that all Clerks con.victed of having falsified or counterfeited our Money, or our Great or Privy Seals, ought to enjoy the Privilege of Holy Church, and that the Church had been in possession of such : We, by reason that we cannot, for other great Businesses, attend to the Discussion of this Point, willing as well to preserve the Estate of Holy Church as our own, do will and grant, that this Article be put in suspense until our next Parliament, in the which the Point may be more fully dis.cussed, and the Truth thereof tried: and that, if in the mean time any Clerk be conviCt of having falsified or counter.feited the Money of the Land, or either of our Seals aforesaid, he shall not for the Time be put to death by Award of the Secular Judge, but be remanded to Prison, there to remain in safe Custody without making any Deliverance to the Ordi.nary, until it be otherwise ordained therein.

In Witness whereof We have caused these our Letters Patents to be made. Given at Westminster the Twentieth day of February, in the Twenty-sixth year of our reign of England, and of France the Thirteenth.

¥ This Article is not inserted in any of the Old Printed Copies next after Ô Ordinatio p Clero Õ which is printed as Statute

Ex magno Rot. Stat. m. 16 d.*

Le Roi a touz ceux as queux cestes ires vendront Artidosp saluz. Come en nre darrein plement, tenuzaWestm Clerorespcdwr en la feste de Seint Hiller darrein passe, entre au?S peticions & articles mises avant en meisme le plement p lon'able piere en Dieu Simon Ercevesq, de CanPbirS, pr lui & ses confrers Evesqes de sa pvince, des ?teines grevances queles ils disoient estre faites a seinte eglise encontre les privileges dycelle, feust chalenge dep la dite clergie, q qcumqes clercs convictz de ce q ils avoient fauxe ou contrefait nre monoie ou nre g*nt ou privee seals, deussent enjoier privilege de seinte eglise, & q leglise avoit este en possession de tieux:

Nous p cause q nous ne poons mie p' auts grosses busoignes entendre a la discussion de ce point, voil- lantz auxibien sauver lestat de seinte eglise come le nre, volons & g*ntons q cest article soit mis en suspens, tanqs a nre pÕsehein plement; en le quel ce point p'ra plus pleinement estre discusse & la v*ite ent trie: et q si en le meen temps nul clerc soit convidl, qil eit iauxe ou contrefait la monoie de la tVe, ou ascun de noz sealx avantditz, qil ne soit p' le temps mis a la mort, p agarde de Jugge seculer, mes remys a prisone a y demorer en sauve gard, saunz nulle Usance faire al Ordenair tanq, autrement ensoit ordene. En tesmoignance de quelle chose nous avoms fait faire cestes noz tres patentee.

Don a Westm le xx. jour de FevW, lan de nre regne DengletVe vintisme sisme & de France fszisme.

or Translations: It is entered on the Back of the Statute Roll, the Sixth of this Year, in the preceding Pages, 324Ñ


Anno 27¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D.1353.

Statutu tontÇ aDnullatojes fuaictor' Cur' ©ester; tÕc'm anno jrjcaij.*

A STATUTE AGAINST AnNULLERS OF JUDGMENTS OF THE KingÕs COURT ;

MADE IN THE TWENTY-SEVENTH YEAR.

Ex magtto Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 15.

Nre Seign' Ie Roi, de Iassent & a la priere des Grauntz & de la coe de son Roialme DengletVe, a son gÕnt conseil tenuz a Westmonster le Lundy p's- chein a^s la feste de Seint Matheu Lapostle, lan de son regne, cest assavoir Denglefre vintseptisme & de F*nce quatorzisme, en amendement de son dit roialme, & p' les leis & usages de son dit roialme meintenir, si ad ordene & establi les choses souzescriptes.

Priniement, p'ce q monstree est a nre dit Seign' le Roi, p grevous & clamous pleintes des Grantz & cites avantditz, coment piusours gentz sont & ount este traites hors du roialme, a respondre des choses dount la conissance apptient a la Court nre Seign' le Roi; & aussint q les juggementz, renduz en meisme la Court, sont empeschez en autri Court, en pjudice & desftitson nre Seign' le Roi & de sa corone, & de tout Ie poeple de son dit roialme, & en defesance & anientissement de la coe lei de meisme le roialme usee de tout temps ; S' quoi eue bone delibacion od les g*ntz & au?s du dit conseil, assentu est & acorde, p nre dit Seign' le Roi & les g'ntz & coes susditz, q totes gentz de la ligeance le Roi, de quele condicion qils soient, qi trehent nulli hors du Roialme, en plee dount la conissance apptient a la Court le Roi, ou des choses dount juggementz sont renduz en la Court le Roi, ou qi suent en autri Court a deffaire ou empescher les juggementz renduz en la Court le Roi, eient jour contenant lespace de deux mois, p garnissement affaire a eux en le lieu ou les pos.sessions sont qi sont en debat, ou aillours ou ils avont ?res ou aut\ possessions, p le viscont ou autre ministre du Roi, destre devant le Roi & son conseil, ou en sa Chancellerie, ou devant les Justices le Roi en ses places del un Eaunk ou del autre, ou devant au?s Justices le Roi qi sront a ce deputez, a respondre [en lo' ppre psones '] au Roi du contempt fait en celle ptie ; et sils ne veignent mie au dit jour [en ppre psoneÕ] de esteer a la lei, soient ils, lour pcuratours, attoumez, executours, Notairs & meintenours, de cel jour enavant mis hors de la pteccion le Roi, & lour tres, biens & chateux forfaitz au Roi, & soient lour corps ou qils soient trovez, pris & emprisonez & reintz a la volume le Roi; et s' ce soit brief fait de les pndre p lour corps, et de seisir lour tres, biens & posses.sions en la main le Roi j et si retourne soit quils ne sont mie trovez, soient mis en exigend & utlaghez. Purveu totes foitz q a quele heure qils viegnent devant qils soient utlaghez, & se veullent rendre a la prisone le Roi, destre justicez p la lei & receivre ce q la Court le Roi agardera en celle ptie, qils soient a ce receuz ; la forfait'e des tres, biens & chateux, demorante en sa force, sils ne se rendent deinz les ditz deux mois come devant est dit.

% } Interlined on the Roll.

Statute the First.

OUR Lord the King, by the Assent and (Õ) Prayer of the Great Men, and the Commons of his Realm of England, at his great Council holden at Westminster, the Monday next after the Feast of St. Matthew the Apostle, the Twenty-seventh Year of his Reign of England, and of France the Fourteenth, in Amendment of his said Realm, and Maintenance of the Laws and Usages (Õ) hath ordained and established these Things underwritten.

FIRST, Because it is shewed to our Lord the King, by the grievous and clamorous Complaints of the Great Men and Commons aforesaid, how that divers of the People be, and have been drawn out of the Realm to answer of Things, whereof the Cognisance pertaineth to the KingÕs Court; and also that the Judgements given in the same Court be impeached in [another Court,3] in Prejudice and Disherison of our Lord the King, and of his Crown, and of all the People of his said Realm, and to the undoing and Destru&ion of the Common Law of the same Realm at all l imes used: Whereupon, good Deliberation had with the Great Men and other of his said Council, It is assented and accorded by our Lord the King, and the Great Men and Commons aforesaid, That all the People of the KingÕs Ligeance of what Condition that they be, which shall draw any out of the Realm in Plea, whereof the Cognisance pertaineth to the KingÕs Court, or of Things whereof Judgements be given in the King's Court, or which do sue in [any other Court,4] to defeat or impeach the Judgements given in the KingÕs Court, shall have a Day containing the Space ofTwo Months, by Warning to be made to them in the Place where the Possessions be, which be in Debate, or otherwise where they have Lands or other Possessions, by the Sheriffs or other the KingÕs Ministers, to appear before the King and his Council, or in his Chancery, or before the KingÕs Justices in his Places of the one Bench or the other, or before other the KingÕs Justices which to the same shall be deputed, to answer in their proper Persons to the King, of the Contempt done in this Behalf; and if they come not at the said Day in their proper Person to be at the Law, they, their Procurators, Attornies, Executors, Notaries, and Maintainors, shall from that Day forth be put out of the KingÕs Protection, and their Lands, Goods, and Chattels forfeit to the King, and their Bodies, wheresoever they may be found, shall be taken and imprisoned, and ransomed at the KingÕs Will: And upon the same a Writ shall be made to take them by their Bodies, and to seize their Lands, Goods, and Possessions into the KingÕs Hands; and if it be returned that they be not found, they shall be put in Exigent, and outlawed.

Provided always, That at what Time they come before they be outlawed, and will yield them to the KingÕs Prison to be justified by the Law, and to receive that which the Court shall award in this Behalf, that they shall be thereto received ; the Forfeiture of the Lands, Goods, and Chattels abiding in their Force, if they do not yield them within the said Two Months, as afore is said.

* 0/hL laid Realm ¥ j * C¡Ur>

* This Title is in the Margin of the Entry on the Statute Roll. In the Printed Copies and Translation* the Statute is

intituled ¥ Statutum de Proyisonbus Ecclesiasticorum.Õ * A Statute of Provisors.Õ

All Subjeftj suing in a Foreign Court for Matter* cognizable in the King** Court, or questioning elsewhere the Judgement* of the King'* Court, shall have Two Months* warning to answer for such Contempt.

On Non- appearance they shall be outlawed, forfeit their Lands and Goods, and be imprisoned.

Offender* coming in before Outlawry, shall be received.

ii.

In a Pardon of Felony the Suggestions and Sug- gestorÕs Name shall be comprised.

III.

Commissions to enquire of Offenders against Stat. 73 EJw.III.

t. 6.

IV

The Mischief resultingfrom forfeiture of Cloths not measuring the Assize:

The KingÕs Release o( such Forfeitures.

Cloths under the Assise shall be allowed for in Price.

AulnegerÕs Fee for every Cloth and half Cloth sold.

A Subsidy granted lo the King of every Cloth.

ITEM, Because our Lord the King hath often granted Charters of Pardon of Felonies upon feigned and untrue Suggestions of divers People, whereof much Evil hath chanced in Times past, and for to eschue such Evil, It is accorded and assented by our said Lord the King, and all the said Council, That from henceforth in every Charter of Pardon of Felony, which shall be granted at any ManÕs Suggestion, the Õ said Suggestion, and the Name of him that maketh the Suggestion, shall be com.prised in the same Charter; and if after, the same Sug.gestion be found untrue, the Charter shall be disallowed and holden for none: And the Justices before whom such Charters shall be alledged, shall enquire of the same Suggestion, and that as well of Charters granted before this Time, as of Charters which shall be granted in Time to come ; and if they find them untrue, then they shall disallow the Charters so alledged, and shall moreover do as the Law demandeth.

ITEM, For the great and outrageous Dearth of Victuals, which Hostlers [Herbingers,'] and other Re- grators of Victuals make through the Realm, to the great Damage of the People passing through the Realm : It is accorded and established, That [the Justices *] learned in the Law, which be good and convenient, shall be newly chosen to enquire of the Deeds and Outrages of such Hostlers, Regrators, Labourers, and all other com.prised in the Statute another Time thereof made, and them to punish, and moreover to do right to the King and his People : Saving always to every Lord and other, their Franchises in all Points.

ITEM, Whereas the Great Men and Commons have shewed to our Lord the King, how divers Merchants, as well Foreigners as Denizens, have withdrawn them, and yet do withdraw them to come with Cloths into England, to the great Damage of the King and of all his People, because that the KingÕs Aulneger surmiseth to Merchant Strangers, that their Cloths be not of Assise, that is to say, The coloured Cloth of the Length of Six and twenty Yards measured by the [Crest,3] and of the Breadth of Six Quarters and an Half; and the Cloth of Ray, of the Length of Eight and twenty Yards measured by the List, and of the Breadth of Six Quarters, and [whereas the same have been arrested4] as forfeit to our Lord the King; (5) they have prayed our said Lord the King, that it may please him to release and put out such Forfeitures in Ease of his People, for a convenient Recompence to be made to him [of the other Party ;6^] Our Lord the King, upon such Condition hearing their Supplication, hath released and [excluded him of7] all the said Forfeitures, and he willeth and granteth for him and for his Heirs, that there shall be no Cloths forfeit, although they be not of the same Assise ; but the KingÕs Aulneger shall measure the Cloth, and mark the same, by which Mark a Man may know how much the Cloth containeth ; and of as much as the Cloth which is bought for Cloth of Assise, shall be found less than the Assise, Allowance or Abatement shall be made to the Buyer in the Payment which he shall make for the same Cloth, after the Quantity of the Price for which the Cloth was bought; And the Aulneger shall take for every Cloth so mea.sured, which is of Assise, that is to say, of the Seller an Halfpenny, and of Half a Cloth a Farthing, for his Office, and no more; nor they shall take nothing of the Cloths which be less than [of the Half Cloth ;*] and that he nothing meddle of the Aulnage of any Cloth, but only of Cloths which are to be sold : And for so much the said Lords and Commons have granted to the King a Subsidy of every Cloth which is to be sold, to take of the Seller over the Customs thereof due, that is to say ; Of every Cloth of the said Assise, wherein there is no Grain, iv. d. and of every Half such Cloth, ii. d. and of every Cloth of Assise of Scarlet, vi. d. and of every Half such Cloth, iiid. and of every Cloth Half Grain of Assise, v. d. and of every Half such Cloth ii d. ob. And that (9) every Cloth passing the Half Cloth of Assise by Three Yards and more, which is no Cloth whole of Assise, and also of every Cloth passing the

1 of Inm ' Justices MS. Tr.l. 3 Crest or back MS. Tr.2.

* arretteth the tame 5 ant^ MS. Tr. 2.

<. on the other part s t wholly tut out

> a Half-Cloths 9 of MS. Tr. a.

Aussint pÕce q nre Seignour le Roi ad sovent g*ntee chartres de pdon de felonies, p feintes & nient Stables suggestions de pluseurs gentz, dount pluseurs mail sont avenuz cea en arere, & pr tieux malx eschuir si est acorde & assentu, p nre dit Seign' le Roi & tout le dit conseil, q desore en chescun chartre de pdon de felonie, q €ra g*nte a suggestion de nully, soit la dite suggestion, & le noun de celui qi fist la suggestion, compris en meisme la chartre; et si a pÕs soit trove la suggestion nient viable soit la chartre desalowe, & tenue p' nulle: & enquergeflt les Justices, devant queux tieux chartres sont alleggez, de meisme la suggestion, & ce aussibien des char!

tres avant ces heures grantez, come dez chartres q €ront g*ntez en temps avenir; et sils la troessent nient vVaie, adonqes desalowent la chartre issint aleggee, & enfacent outre ce q la lei demand.

Ensement pr les g*ntz & outraieouses chiertees del vitailles, q les hostelers des herfejpies & au?s Regra.ters de vitailles fount p tout le Roialme, a g*nt damage du poeple qi passe pmie le roialme, Acorde est & esta- bli, q Justices sachantz de lei, qi soient bones & covena, bles, soient de novel eslutz denquere des faitz & des out. rages de tieux hostelers, Regraters, laborers, & touz au?s compris en lestatut autrefoitz ent fait, & de les punir, h outre faire droit au Roi & au poeple: Sauvant totesfoitz a chescun SeignÕ & au?s leur franchises en toutz pointz.

Aussint pÕce q les Grantz & Coes ount raonstree a nre SeignÕ le Roi, coment pluseurs marchantz sibien foreins come denzeins, se ount retraitz, & uncore se retreent de venir od draps en le roialme Dengletre, a g*nt damage du Roi & de tout le poeple, p cause q launeour le Roi s'mette as Marchantz estranges q leur draps ne sont mie dassise, cest assavoir le drap de co.lour de la longure de vint & sis aunes mesuree p le dos, & de la laeure de sys quarters & dl, & le drap de raie de la longure de vint & oet aunes mesuree p la liste, & de la laeure de sys quarters, & les arest come forfaitz au Roi; & ount prie a nre dit SeignÕ le Roi fj lui plese relesser & oster tieles forfeitures, en eese de son poeple, pÕ covenable recompensacion faire a lui dautre pt; nre SeignÕ le Roi s> tiele condicion otreiant a lour supplicacion, ad relesse & oste de tout les dites forfaitÕes, & voet & g"nt p' lui & pÕ ses heirs, q mes ne soient nul draps forfaitz, tout ne soient ils de lassise avantdite ; mes q launeour le Roi face auner les draps, & les nJcher p quele rSche home purra conoistre com- bien le drap contient; et de tant come fcra trove le drap q est achate pÕ drap dassise, estre meinz q dassise, soit allowance ou rebatement fait a lachatour en le paie- ment qil ferra pÕ meisme le drap, solonc la quantite du pris pÕ quel le drap feust achate; et q launeour pigne pÕ chescun drap iHnt aunee qest dassise, cest assavoir du vendour un maill & de dl drap un ferthyng, pÕ son

jffice, & nient plus; ne qil ne p>igne rien de drap q est neinz q dl drap, et qil ne se melle rien de launage dÇ luls draps, fors soulement de draps q sont a vendre: >t p tant les ditz SeignÕs & Coes ount gÕnte au Roi un iubsid de chescun drap qest a vendre, a pWre du ven- lour, outre les custumes ent dues, Cest assavoir; de ches- run drap du dite assise, en quele m ad point de graine, iij d. & de d! tieu drap ij d. de chescun drap e scar taise vi d. 4 de dr lieu drap Sj d. & <k irap dassise de dl graine cinqs demers, c jraB ii. d. ob. et q de chescun drap Ò

irapÕdassise p trois aunes & plus, ^neSÔ '^ mtiere dassise, & aussint de chescun drap P*

Hie de fomfemt

gie

Go

q

27¡ Edw. III. Stcit. 1. c.4Ñ8.

331

drap entiere p trois aunes & plus, soit pris solonc laf- ferant du subsid qest a paier p' le drap entiere de meisme la sorte, issint totesfoitz q de nul drap q ne contient pas dl drap, ne de draps queux home fait a son oeps demesne p' vestir lui & sa meisnee, ne de draps ensealez du seal du Coillour du dit subsid, des queux meisme le Subsid est unefoitz p;iie p le vendour, a qi mains q tieux draps deviegnent apes, a vendre ou en autre maSe, rien du dit subside soit paie ne demande: et q tote mat2e de draps q sont mis a vente, avant qils soient ensealez du dit seal, soient forfaitz au Roi, & pris en sa main p le dit coillour ou auneour, ou p le depute de lun de eux, ou autrement p Bailiffs de la ville ou tiel drap vendable nient enseale sra trove.

Ensement acorde est & assentu, q defens & pcla- macion soient faites q nul Marchant Engleis nengrosse ne forstalle vins en Gascoigne, ne les pigne p voie dacate, de nul Gascon ne dautre, pr paier en EngleÕtÕre p' plus g'nt sumc q vins ne sont coement venduz en Gascoigne, p cause dappst [ou'] pil de meer, ou pr nul autre colour, s' peine de vie & de membre, & de forfait'e des ditz vins & de touz lour au'ts biens & chateux dcPs le Roi, & de forfait'e de leur tYes et tefiz devs les chiefs Seign's j & eient les chief Seign's brief deschete en le cas.

Aussint est ordene & establi, q touz Marchantz r\ *

Gascons & auts estranges pussent amesner sauvement leur vins en Englet re, a queu port q lour plerra, & faire ent lour pfit; Issint totes foitz q le Botiller le Roi pVa faire la p'veance [le Roide vins des aliens qÕnt bosoigne sra, fesant paiemcnt pr meismes les vins deinz xl. jours, en maSe come ad este usee dauncien temps.

Ensement acorde est 6c assentu, q nul Marchant Engleis, ne nul de ses €vantz ou auPs de p eux, naille en Gascoigne a demorer illoeqes, nautre neit illoeqes demorant, pr faire bargaine ou achate de vins p qconq, colour, devant le temps de vendenge ou de [reik,J] cest assavoir avant q coe passage se face p' quere vins illoeqes ; et q nul nachate ne ne bargaine p lui ne p autre vins, fors soulement en les ports de Burdeux 6c de Baion, s' les peines & forfait'es pscheinement avantdites : et si nul soit trove illoeqes fesant au contraire, soit pris & arestu, p le Seneschal de Gascoigne ou le Cones- table de Burdeux, & le corps maunde en EngletVe a la Tour de Londres: et q meisme le Seneschal ou Conestable Ptifie au Roi en sa Chancellerie des nouns de tieux arestuz, & de lour meis?s & compaignons ensemblement od tout le fait.

Aussint ordene est & establi q tous vins vmeilles & blauncs, q vcndront en le dit Roialme & en les Vres de Gales 6c Dirland a vendre, soient bien & loialment gaugez p le Gaugeour le Roi ou son depute : et si nul mette destourbance ou debate, & ne voet mie soefrir ses vins estre gaugez, qil forface les ditz vins & soit puni p emprisonement & reint a la volunte le Roi: et si defaute soit trove en le Gaugeour, q il ou son depute ne soit mie pst de faire son office q'nt il Õsra

requis, ou face fraude ou deceit en fesant son office,

au damage de lachatour ou de le vendour, paie a la ptie endamagee ses damages au treble, & pde son office & soit puni p emprisonement 6c reint a

la volume le Roi. Et en cas q meinz soit trove

en le tonel ou pipe, q ne deust estre de droit so.lonc lassise du tonel, soit allowe & recope en le paie- ment la value de ce q faudra de tieu tonel ou pipe.

1 en Printed Copies. ' Printed Copies omit.

1 reikcs Printed Copies.

whole Cloth by Three Yards and more, shall be taken after the Rate [or1] Subsidy which is to be paid for the whole Cloth of the same Sort; so always, that of no Cloth which containeth not Half a Cloth, nor of Cloths which a Man maketh for his own Use to clothe him and his Meiny, nor of Cloth sealed with the Seal of the Collector of the said Subsidy, of which the same Sub.sidy was once paid by the Seller, to whose Hands [that1] such C|oths shall come after to sell, or in any Manner, nothing of the said Subsidy shall be paid and demanded: And that such Manner of Cloths which be put to Sale before that they be sealed with the said Seal, shall be forfeit to the King, and taken into his Hands by the said Colle&or or Aulneger, or by the Deputy ot One ol them, or else by the Bailiffs of the Town where such vendible Cloths not sealed shall be found.

ITEM, It is assented and accorded, that Defence and Proclamation shall be made, that no English Merchant shall engross nor forestall Wines in Gasroin, nor take them by way of buying of any Gascoin, nor of other, for to pay in England, for any greater Sum than Wines be commonly sold in Gascoin, because of the [Prest, in J] Peril of the Sea, or by any other Colour, upon Pain of Life and Member, and of Forfeiture of the Wines and of all their other Goods and Chattels to the King, and of Forfeiture of all their Lands and Tenements to the Chief Lords ; and the Chief Lords shall have a Writ of Escheat in such Case.

ITEM, (4) That all Merchants, Gascoins, and other Strangers may safely bring their Wines into England, to what Port that shall please them, and make thereof their Profits ; so always that the KingÕs Butler may make Purveyance of Wines of Aliens when need shall be, making Payment for the same Wines within Forty Days, in the Manner as hath been used in old Time.

ITEM, (!)That no English Merchant, nor any of his Servants, nor other for them, shall go into Gascoin there to abide, nor shall have any other there dwelling, to make Bargain or buying of Wines by any colour before the Time of the Vintage, (6) that is to say, before that common Passage be made to seek Wines there j and that none buy nor bargain by himself nor by other, any Wines, but only in the Ports of Burdeaux and Bayon ; upon the Pains and Forfeitures next aforesaid : And il any be there found doing against the same, he shall be taken and arrested by the Steward of Gascoin, or the Constable of Burdeaux, and his Body sent into England to the Tower of London : And thatv the same Steward or Constable certify the King in his Chancery of the Names of such arrested, and of their Masters and Fel.lows also with all the Deed.

ITEM, It is accorded and established, That all Wines Red and White, which shall come into the said Realm, and into the Land of Wales and Ireland, to sell, shall be well and lawfully gauged by the KingÕs Gaugers, or their Deputies : And if any do set Disturbance or De.

bate, and will not suffer the same to be gauged, he shall forfeit the said Wines, and shall be punished by Impri.sonment, and ransomed at the KingÕs Will: And if

Default be found in the Gauger, that he or his Deputy be not ready to do his Office when he shall be required, or that he do Fraud or Deceit in doing his Office, to the Damage of the Buyer or of the Seller, he shall pay to the Party grieved his Treble Damages, and lose his Office, and be punished by Imprisonment, and ransomed at the KingÕs Will. And in case that less be found in the Tun or Pipe, than ought to be of Right after the Assise of the Tun, the Value of as much as shall lack of such Tun or Pipe shall be allowed and dedufted in the Payment.

* of the * soever

J < apprest or loane, in MS. Tr. 2.

4 1 Outfit, or

it is ordained and established

! il is accorded and assented 4 or the Rack Vintage,

Cloths put to Sale not sealed (hall be forfeited.

V.

Felony to forestall or ingro.s Gascoin Wine.

VI.

Merchants may bring their Wines to English Ports.

VII.

When and where Gascoin Wines may he bought.

VIII.

All Wines to be gauged.

Punishment for Disturb.ance ;

of Gauger for Neglect or Fraud.

Abatement of Price on defect of Quantity.

VOL. I.

4 P

27¡ Edw. III. Stat. 2. c.l.

= ....- ~ r. .^aBaans

ad. lass,

i.

At what Towns the Staple of Wool, Leather, Fells, and Lead, for England, Wales, and ¥Ireland, shall he hidden.

To what Ports they shall be conveyed.

£D?Mnario £>tapularum.*

The ORDINANCE

Statute the Second.

EDWARD by the Grace of God [&c.'] To (*) our Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, Ministers, and other our Faithful People to whom these present Letters shall come Greeting : Whereas, good Deliberation had with the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons and [Great Men of the Counties, that is to say of every County, one for all the County, and of the Commons of Cities and Boroughs of our Realm of England, summoned to our Great Council, holden at Westminster the Monday next after the Feast of Saint Matthew the Apostle, the Seven- and-twentieth Year of our Reign of England, and of France the Fourteenth, for the Damage which hath notoriously come as well to Us and to the Great Men, as to our People of our Realm of England, and of our Lands of Wales and Ireland, because that the Staple of Wools, Leather, and Woolfels of our said Realm and Lands have been holden out of our said Realm and Lands, and also for the great Profits which should come to the said Realm and Lands if the Staple were holden within the same, and not elsewhere ; to the Honour of God, and in Relief of our Realm and Lands aforesaid, and for to eschew the Perils that may happen of the contrary in Time to come, by the Counsel and Com.mon Assent of the said Prelates, Dukes, Earls and Barons, Knights and Commons aforesaid, We have ordained and stablished the Things underwritten (4) :

FIRST, That the Staple of Wools, Leather, Wool.fels, and Lead, growing or coming forth within our said Realm and Lands, shall be perpetually holden at the Places underwritten ; that is to say, for England at Newcastle upon Tine, York, Lincoln, Norwich, Westminster, Canterbury, Chichester, Winchester, Exeter and Bristow ; for Wales, at Kaermerdyn ; and for Ireland at [Devylin,5] Waterford, Cork and Droghda, and not elsewhere: And that all the said Wools, as well old

as new, Woolfels, Leather and Lead, which shall be carried out of the said Realm and Lands, shall be first brought to the said Staples, and there the said Wool and Lead, betwixt Merchant and Merchant, or Merchant and others, shall be lawfully weighed by the Standard; and that every Sack and Sarpler of the same Wools so weighed, be sealed under the Seal of the Mayor of the Staple; and that all the Wools so weighed and sealed at the Staple of York, Lincoln, Norwich, Westminster, Canterbury and Winchester, and also Leather, Wool.fels, and Lead which shall come there, the Customs of

* King of England and of Franco, and Lord of Ireland,

1 all 3 Knights 4 that is to say s Dublin

of the STAPLES.

Ex Rotulo Stapule ; in Turr. Lond: de anno r. R. E. t'cii vicesimo septimo. m. 22.

I" r E Roi Õ] a toutz noz Viscontz, Mein, Baillift, Ministres, & au?s noz foialx as queux cestei p>sentes ires vendront, Salutz. Pur ce q eue bone de. libacion od Prelatz, Dues, Contes, Barons, & Chivalers des Countees, cest asavoir de chescun Counte, un, p' tout le Counte, & des Coes de Citees & Burghs de nre roialme Dengletre, somons a nre g*nt conseil tenuz a Westmonster le Lundy p>schein ap>s la feste de Seim Matheu lapostle lan de nre regne Dengle?re vintsep- tisme & de France quatorzisme, s' les damages q sont notoirement avenuz sibien a no9 & a les Grantz, come a nre poeple de nre roialme Dengle?re, & de noz tres de Gales & Dirland, p cause q lestaple de laines quits & peux lanutz de noz ditz roialme & tVes ad este tenue hors de meismes noz roialme & tres, & aussim s' les g"ntz pfitz q avendroient a noz ditz Roialme & tres, si lestaple feust tenue deinz ycelles & nulle pt aillours; si avons a lonour de Dieu & en releva- cion de noz Roialme & tVes avantditz, & p' eschuir les pils q purront avenir du contraire en temps ave- nir, p conseil & coe assent des ditz Prelatz, Dues, Countes, Barons, Chivalers & Coes avantditz, ordene & establi les choses souzescriptes, Cest assavoir.

P'niement q les Estaples de laines, quirs, peux lanuz & plomb, cressantz & pvenantz deinz noz roialme & tres avantditz, soient tenuz ppetuelement es lieux souzescriptz ; Cest assavoir pr EngletVe, a Noef Chastel sr Tyne, Everwyk, Nicole, Norwicz, West- monster, Cantbirs, Cicestre, Wvncestre, Excestre, & Bristuyt; Et pr Gales, a Kaermdin; Et pr Irlande a Dyvelyn, Waterford, Cork & Droghda, & nulle part aillours : et q totes les dites laines aussibien veilles come noveles, peux lanutz, quirs & plomb qi sront mesnez hors des ditz roialme & tres, soient primes mesnez as dites Estaples, k illoeqes les ditz laines It plomb entre Marchant et Marchant, ou Marchant & auts, loialment poisez p lestandard; & chescun Sac & Sar.pler dycelles laines issint poisez, enseale souz le Seal du Meire de lestaple; et q totes les laines ensi poisez & sealez a les Estaples Dev'wik, Nicole, Norwicz, Westmonster, Cantbirs, & Wyncestre, & aussint quirs & peaux lanutz & plomb qi vendront illoeqes, paie

1 Edward p la g*ce de Dieu, Roi DcnglePrr, Sc de F'nce, 8c Seign' Dirland, Rot. Ord.

¥ This Title is from the Margin of the Roll of the Staple. In the Old Printed Copies and Translations, this Instrument u intituled Ò Statutum Stapule; The Statute of the Staple.Ó It is not entered on the Statute Roll; but in the Tower of London there is preserved among the Parliament Rolls, a Roll of this Year intituled Ô Rotut Ordinaconu apud Wcstm in magno onsi^ ibidem sumonitodie Lune px post festu Sci Mathei Apti fcajs, anno r. r. E. Pcii, videlt Angt vicesimo septimo & Yxmc qÒ^ decimo.Õ On that Roll this Ordinance is entered, the Various Readings of which in the Notes are marked Ret. Ord.

Roll, after the Entry of this Ordinance, there follows the Grant of a Subsidy, with divers Petitions of the Commons, an ^ thereto on which Chapters I, 2, 3, and 4 of Statute the First of this Year appear to have been framed. Ihc 0 co ^ follows: Ò Item pr ceo q plusours Articles tochantz lestat le Roi 8c coe pfit de son roialme, sont acor ez asf,en . , ^tnt

Prelatz, Grantz, 8c coes de sa frea ce conseil ore tenu ; prie la dite coe, q les Articles susditz sciunt * Je recon|e recitez, 8c entrez en roule de mesme ce plement; a tie) entent, q les Ordinances & acortes faites en onsei s ne ^ crjc,

come sils fuissent faitz p coe plement. * * ¥ 11 plest au Roi, q totes les Ordinances faites de lestap t, soct ^ ^cmcnt en chescun Countee DenglePre, 8c en chescun lieu ou les Estaples sont, au fyn qils soient fermement prjnlcd in

p'greindre fermete eles Pront rehercez 8c mys en roule du plement.Ó A Copy of this Ordinance o te __VarioÒs

CayÕs Edition of the Statutes from MS. Reg. 19A.XIV. A more con-eft Copy is inserted in MS. Celt. Here, - -J Readings from these Copies, and from the Old Printed Copies, are inserted in the Notes.


27¡ Edw. III. Stat.2. c. 1, 2.

333

K

S

Mi,

Sp

C0K|

i*4

*>,

>.*

tn,tÇ

kk

4li

ill

*(¥

aši

Fail

2la

ClK

¥ !M 1 fc:

p*

pil

noH

--

lit

i*i

Ml

Bš QiiScatorei 11' lint sub

illil P"tE fk celeris ,!i" justicia eis nil fiat, & qct s, nichil ab eis capiat' ult* antiquas ggi cuitumas.

ta>

1* ________

|HÈ

if*

fj<

i-:

*È

I*

*r

Ž'

af

if

j

ent la custume de lestaple, soient tesmoignez p bille enseale du Seal du Meire de lestaple, & amesnez as portz souzescriptz, Cest assavoir ; dePwyk, a Hall, de Nicole, a Seint Botulf, de Norwicz, a Gram Jememuth, de Westmonster, a Londres, de CanPbirs, a Sandewicz, & de Wyncestr, a Suthampton; & illoeqes soient les dites laines & plomb autrefoitz poisez p noz CustuirJs assignez en meismes les portz; & totes les laines & plomb q ?ront amesnez as portz de Noef C.hastel, Cicestr, Excestr, Bristuit, Kaernidyn, Dyvelyn, Wa?- ford, Cork & Droghda, ou les auPs Estaples sont tenuz, soient illoeqes forsq^ unefoitz poisez p lestandard entre Marchant et Marchant, ou Marchant et auPs, en p>sence de noz Custumers illoeqes; et soit endent'e faite entre le Meire de lestaple esteant en port de Meer, et. noz Custun)s illoeqes, de totes les laines & plomb issiht poisez, & aussint de quirs & peux lanutz q ven- dront a meisme lestaple pr passer illoeqes: & meismes celles laines & plomb, & aussint quirs & peaux lanuz, custumez & cokettez, & les Custumes ent dues paiez a noz Custumers en toutz les ditz portz, cest assavoir de denzeins pr le temps qils ount passe, di mÔr du Sac de laine, di m*r de [CCC.'] peaux lanutz, & une m*r du last de quirs, & daliens, x s. du Sac de laine, x s. de [CCC.'J peaux lanutz & xxs. du last de quirs, & iij d. de chescun vint souldee de plomb, soient adonqes les dites marchandises, p Marchantz estranges qi les avont achatez, & nounpas p Engleis, Galeis ne Irrei's, amesnez as pries de dela, hors de noz ditz roialme & rres, qu pt q plerra as ditz Merchantz estranges: et q les ditz Meire & Custunis ne delaient nul home volun- trivement p' gaigne, ne p celle cause nen autre manle riens ne pignent de nully, p' faire ce q apptient a leur offices, s' peine demprisonement, & de paier a la ptie le double de ce qils a9ont ensi pris, & aussint de ce q la ptie 9ra endamagee p cause de tiele prise ou delaie, & outre de estre reint a nfe volunte, mes se tiegnent paie de ce qils pndront en ?tein pr lour offices faire: et q le Meire de lestaple & les Custumers pignent dement de toutz Marchantz, qi ensi passeront laines, quirs, peaux lanutz & plomb, qils ne tendront nulle Estaple p dela de meismes les Marchandizes.

Item p' replener les ditz Roialme & t res de monoie, & de plate dor & dargent, & de marchandises dauts tVes, & pr doner talent as Marchantz estranges de venir ove leur i$ces & marchandises es roialme & Pres avantditz, Si avons ordene & establi q touz Marchantz estranges, qi ne sont mie de nre enemite, de quele Pre ou nacion qils soient, pussent sauvement & seurement, souz nre pteccion & sauf conduit, venir & demorer en noz roialme & Pres avantditz, queu pt qils vorront, & dilloeqes retoumer, od leur niefs, nices, & marchandises qconqs, 6c franchement vendre leur marchandises a les Estaples, 6c aillours deinz mesmes noz roialme & Pres a qi q les vodra achater, paiant les custumes ent dues. Et p' plus asseurer Marchantz estranges & au?s, mes- nantz biens & Marchandises es ditz Roialme & Pres, si volons & g'nions, ordenons & establissons, pur nous, noz heirs & subgitz, q riens ne soit pris outre les custumes avantdites, ne preisez a nre oeps, p colo' de vente ou en autre maihie, de eux contre leur volunte, ne p noz minisPs ne les ministres de noz heirs, ne p les minisrs de nul des roialx, Prelatz, Dues, Contes, Barons, Seignours ne Dames, ne de nul autre petit ne g*nt: et si nul Ministre ou autre, p colour de son Office ou en autre nianie, p'igne rien de eux contre

, / trois centz R-.t. Ord: MS. Reg.

the Staple thereof paid, shall be witnessed by Bill, sealed with the Seal of the Mayor of the Staple, and brought to the Ports under-written, that is to say; from York to Hull, from Lincoln to Saint Botolf, from Norwich to Great Yarmouth, from Westminster to London, from Canterbury to Sandwich, and from Winchester to Southampton ; and there the said Wools and Lead shall be another Time weighed by our Cus.tomers assigned in the same Ports ; and all the Wools and Lead brought to the said Ports of Newcastle, Chi.chester, Exeter, Bristow, Kaermercfyn, [Devylin,1] Wa.terford, Cork and Droghda, where the other1 Staples be holden, shall be but once weighed by the Standard betwixt Merchant and Merchant, or Merchant and other, in Presence of our Customers there ; and an On^rrmov^ Indenture shall be made betwixt the Mayor of the ¡n IrdcntÕure' Staple being in the Port of the Sea, and- our Customers ^ be made there, of all the Wools and Lead so weighed, and also between the of all the Leather and Woolfels which shall come to and* *

the said Staples to pass there : and the same Wools and llu. Customer Lead, and also the Leather and Woolfels customed and 0f the Port, cocketed, and the Customs thereof duly paid to our said Customers in all the said Ports, that is to say, of The ÇeÈerxl Denizens for the Time that they have passed, half a Customiof mark of a Sack of Wool, half a mark of Three hundred Staple*

Woolfels, a mark of a Last of Leather, and of Aliens payable by Ten Shillings of a Sack of Wool, Ten Shillings of Denizem and Three hundred Woolfels, and Twenty Shillings of a Ahem.

Last of Leather, and Three-pence [of every Sow Õ] of Lead, then the said Merchandises shall be carried by Merchant! Merchants Strangers which have bought the same, and A,le?sÕ *nd, not by Englishmen, Welshmen, nor Irishmen, to the s'uhjeAs,shall Parts beyond the Sea out of the said Realm and Lands, transport to what Parts it shall please the said Merc Iran tsStrangers: beyond Sea, And that the said Mayor and Customers shall delay no Wool>&c- Man willingly for Gain; nor for such Cause, nor in other Manner, shall any Thing take of any Person to do that which pertaineth to their Office, upon Pain of Impri- sonment, and to pay the Party the Double of that which they have so taken, and also of that which the Party shall be endamaged because of such taking or delay, and moreover be ransomed at our Will, but shall hold them content of that which they did take in certain to Every do their Office : And that the Mayor of the Staple and Merchant Customers take an Oath of all the Merchants which so shall pass with Wools, Leather, Woolfels and Lead, kda no that they shall hold no Staple beyond the Sea, of the Staple beyond same Merchandises. ,he Sci-

ITEM, to replenish the said Realm and Lands with II. Money and Plate, (J) Gold and Silver, and Merchandises Merchant! of other Lands, and to give Courage to Merchant Stran- fbaSTSemider gers to come with their Wares and Merchandises into KingÕi the Realm and Lands aforesaid, We have ordained and Protection, established, That all Merchants Strangers, which be not Ènd Çpeedy of our Enmity, of what Land or Nation that they be, may safely and surely under our Protection and safe- ,hem> and condud come and dwell in our said Realm and Lands nothing be where they will, and from thence return with their taken of them Ships, Wares and all Manner of Merchandises, and tte

freely sell their Merchandises at the Staple and elsewhere Custom!, within the same Realm and Lands, to any that will buy them, paying the Customs thereof due. And more to assure the Merchants Strangers and others bringing Goods and Merchandises within the said Realm and Lands, We Will and Grant (4) for Us and for our Heirs and SubjeCls, That nothing shall be taken over the Their Goodi Customs aforesaid, nor taken of them to our use by n0*t0 Colour of Sale, nor in other Manner against their Will, Pur,cy*nce- nor by the Ministers of Us or of our Heirs, nor by the Ministers of any of the (s) Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons,

Lords nor Ladies, nor of any other Great nor Small:

And if any Minister or other, by colour of his Office or in other Manner take any Thing of them against their

1 Dublin È of every xxs. MS. Tr. 2. È of

* ordain and eUabliib, * Royal Family,


hi.

Merchants, Native and Alien, ma) buy Wools, and bring them to the Staples, and Aliens may export them. Felony for the KingÕs Subjefts to export Wool, &c.

No Subjeft (hall export Wool, &c. in a StrangerÕs Name, nor keep a Servant beyond the Sea. to survey the Sale of Wool, &c.

Nor receive Payment for the same Abroad.

Every Man may carry his own Wool, &c. to the Staple to sell.

Warranty of Packing.

Agreement, he shall be incontinently arrested by the Mayors and Bailiffs of the Place,-if it be out of the Staple, or by the Mayor [or'] Ministers of the Staple if it be within the Staple; and speedy and ready Process shall be against him from Day to Day, and from Hour to Hour, according to the Law of the Staple, and not at the Common Law, as well out of the Staple as within, at every ManÕs Complaint that so shall be grieved ; and if he be thereof attainted, he shall pay to the Merchant the Double of that which he hath taken, and as much to Us; and that no Commission be made to take such Prises of the said Merchants; and if any Commission be made, it shall be holden [for none. Õ]

ITEM, We will and Grant, That all Merchants, as well Aliens as Denizens, may buy Wools, Leather, Woolfels and Lead, through our Realm and Lands, without Covin or Collusion to abate the Price of the said Merchandises; so always that they bring the same to the Staples: and that no Merchant, English, Welsh nor Irish, shall carry any Manner of Wools, Leather, Woolfels or Lead out of the said Realm and Lands, upon the Pain of Life and Member, and of Forfeiture of the said Merchandises, and of all their other Goods and Chattels to Us, and of Forfeiture of all their Lands and Tenements to the Chief Lords; and the Chief Lords shall have a Writ of Escheat in the Case : And

that no Strange Merchants by Covin betwixt them and English, Irish or Welsh Merchants shall carry out of the Realm and Lands aforesaid, the said Wares and Merchandises (Õ) ta the Profit of English, Irish, or Welsh Merchants, in Part or in all; nor that any Mer.chant, English, Irish, or Welsh, nor other, make Covin or Collusion with Merchants Strangers, to carry their Wools, Leather, Woolfels or Lead, to the Parts beyond the Sea, out of the Realm and Lands aforesaid, under the Name of Merchants Strangers, nor shall send nor [hold4] their Servants, or other their Attornies in the Parts beyond the Sea, out of our said Realm and Lands, to sell or to survey the Sale of their said Wools, Leather, Woolfels and Lead there, or to receive the Money coming of the Sale of the said Wools, Leather, Wool.fels and Lead ; nor that any Englishman, Irishman, or Welshman, by himself nor by other, take Payment of Gold nor of Silver, nor of other Thing in Recompence or Commutation, or in the Name of Payment in the Parts beyond the Sea out of the Realm and Lands afore.said, of Merchandises sold in England, Ireland, or Wales, touching the Staple, but all such Payment shall be made in Gold or in Silver, or Merchandise in England, Ireland, or Wales, where the Contract was made, upon the Forfeitures and Pains next aforesaid : Nor that the Merchants Strangers nor Denizens make betwixt them privily nor apertty, any Company or Confederacy in Fraud or Deceit of this Ordinance, nor that any main.tain [the Same for gain, nor in other Manner to do5] any such Fraud or Deceit upon the same Pains and Forfeitures, . And always it is to be understood, that every Englishman, Irishman, or Welshman, may freely bring their own Wools, Leather, Woolfels and Lead, to the Staple to sell there, without being compelled to sell them in the Country. And that every Merchant that shall sell his Wools at the Staple be bound to warrant the packing of the same Wools.

IV.

That Prises be not made of Goods or Carriages coming to the Staple.

ITEM, Forasmuch as no Staple may be profitable for Us and for our said Realm and Lands, unless it be free; We will and grant for Us and for our Heirs, for the Maintenance of the said Staple, that all Manner of People may come with their [Carriage6] and Goods to the Staple, and from the same return freely, without being disturbed by Prises of Us or of any other; Saving to Us and to our Heirs all Manner of Prises Royal, of

* and * surreptitious and naught.

1 of English, Welsh, or Irish Merchants, 4 heep

5 them for gain, or in other manner in Ò Carriages

lour gre, soit meintenant arestu p le Meire & Baillift du lieu, sil soit hors de lestaple, ou p les Meire Be Minisfs del Estaple sil soit deinz lestaple, & soit has. five & redde pees fait dePs lui, de jour en jour & de heure en heure, solonc la leie de lestaple, & neraie a la coe lei, sibien hors de. lestaple come dedeinz a chescuni pleinte qi issint Qra grevee; et sil soit ent atteint, paie au Marchant le double de ce qil prist,

& tant a nous; et q nulle comission soit faite de pndre tieles prises des ditz Marchantz, et si nulle tieleco- mission soit fait, soit tenue surreptice Be pÕ

Item nous volons & g*ntons, q touz Marchantzsibien qi a denzeins come estranges pussent achater laines, quire, peux (') & plomb, p touz noz roialme & tVes, saunz covyne ou collusion pr amenuser le pris des dites Mar- chandises, issi Estaples: Et ne passe nulle plomb, hors des ditz roialme & Vres, sÕ peine de vie & de membre & de forfait'e des dites Marchandises, & de touz leur au?s biens & chateux devÕs nous, & de for- fait'e de leurs tres & teiiz dev's les chiefs Seign's; & eient les chiefs SeignÕs brief deschete en le cas ; etq nuls Marchantz estranges, p covine entre eux et Mar. chantz Engleis Galeis ou Irreis, amesnent les dites merces & marchandises des Marchantz Engleis, Galleis ou Irreis, hors du Roialme & ?res avantditz, au pfit des Engleis, Galeis ou Irreis, en ptie ou en tout; he q nul Marchant Engleis, Galeis ne Irreis nautre, face covyne od Marchantz estranges damesner leur laines, quirs, peux lanutz ou plomb, as pries de dela, hors du roialme & tres avantditz, souz noun des Marchantz estranges, nenvoient ne tiegnent leur ?vantz ou auts leur attournez es dites pries de dela, hors de noz ditz roialme & tres, pr vendre ou sveer la vente de leur dites laines, quirs, peaux, ou plomb illoeqes, ou de re- ceivre les deniers pvenantz de la vente des dites laines, quirs, peaux (Õ) & plomb; ne q nul Engleis, Galeis ne Irreis, p lui ne p autre, p*igne paiement dor ne dargent, nautre chose, en recompensacion ou comutacion au en noun de paiement, es pries de dela, hors de noz roialme & tres avantditz, des marchandises vendues en Engle- tre Gales ou Irlande, tpuchantes lestaple, mes soit tout tiel paiement fait, en or ou argent ou marchandises en Engletre, Gales ou Irlande, ou le contract se fist, s' les peines & forfait'es pscheins avantdites: ne q les Marchantz estranges, ne Marchantz denzeins, facent entre eux, en prive nen apte, compaignie ne confe- deracie en fraude ou deceite de ceste Ordenance, ne q nul les meintiegne pr gaigne nen autre mane en tiele fraude ou deceite, s' meismes les peines & for-

totes toitz

qus les amesnent a les ad StapuUi q nul Marchant Engleis, Galeis, ne Irreis du',a1i maSe de laines, quirs, peaux lanuz Ñ

ne eit1 reran

itures. Et toutdys fait a entendre q chescun Engleis, aleis & Irreis, pusse amesner franchement ses laines rres, quirs, peaux (') & plomb a lestaple a vendre oeqes, saunz estre artee de les vendre en pais. Et q lescun Marchant qi vent ses laines a lestaple, soit te- ,z a garantir la empakkure de meismes les laines. Item pr ce q nulle Estaple poet estre pfitable p no p' noz ditz roialme & tres, si ele ne soit fraunche; volons & grantons pr nous & noz heirs, p nrainte nee du dite Estaple q totes maSes des gentz pussent nir, od leur cariages & biens, devs lestaple, & retour r dicelle franchement, saunz ce qils soient destour z prises de nous ou de nul autre; Sauvees a nous s Theirs ro.es maSes des prise, roial, de Ç ÇÇ

DÕ Want Packure.

Qd prise non Sat de rebj sea cariign- niaitikj a StapubšÕ

!}

lanutz MS. Erg:

MS.Cctt: Printed Ccpitt.

¥m

Òft

Hx

S

S

**È<

¥H

a,lt!

s

>k*,[

#Ç;

s

>Hil

'Hi

3È1

ft.

Bib

Wll

>*Èi

Wl!

A*

>fcl

late:

i>k

mi

in

Blit

fcÈ

-*- Qd Justic R Kii "on heant B cognicoes de rtbj tang St Stapulas.

ill

nbC'

all (y.Mare*.

. calli ne alii **f Ministri R III * intromit..

tant infra *ÔE Stapulai.

F1

111

l3>

(*

' Q4 licencia 1 non conce- .I9 dat' indigenis jj( ad fducend lanas. ill

*È

dau?s cariages & vitailles, p toutz nos roialme & 9res avantditz, auncienemet dues & usees de droit, come ad este fait p nous Sc noz auncestres devant ces heures: et eit chescun cariour retournant de lestaple, une bille souz le Seal du Meire de lestaple, p quele if poet estre conu qil serf a lestaple, contenant les jour- nees q lui bosoigne pr son retoumer a lostiel, quele Bille lui soit grante franchement; et soit meisme le Meire juree q il ne fra nulle dele bille pr nul autre q ne sert a lestaple ; et si nul tiel cariour, charette, beste, nief, ou autre chose, q sert pr cariage de ce q apptient a lestaple, soit pris, & soit deinz la vge hors de les.taple, soit hue & crie leve s' les pnours, & soient mein- tenant les pnours pris, p gentz de la ville ou la prise feu9t faite, ou p gentz dauVs villes, sils soient defuantz, & mesnez devant le Seneschal & Mareschalx de nre Hosriel, Sc illoeqes soit fait redde punisement de eux solonc ce q le fait demand; et si dele prise soit faite hors de la v^ge, soit hue & crie leve, & soient les pnours pris & arestuz, p la villee ou tiele prise est faite, ou p au?s villees p'scheines sils soient defuantz, & mesnez a la jPscheine gaole Sc illoeqes soit fait de eux come de larons si le fait le demand. Et en cas q les gentz de tiels villes soient negligentz, & ne veullent p'suir & arester tieux pn's come devant est dit, respoignent les quatre villees pscheines, des da.mages q purront estre trovez devant ceux qi nous a ce assignerons les pleintifs avoir encurru p lour defaut, sils ne se pussent resonablement ent excuser; et si deles prises soient faites en lieu ou lestaple est, soient les pnours arestuz p les Meire Sc Minists de les.taple, & droit fait as pleintifs p les ditz Meire Sc Mi- nisÕPs; Issint totes voies q si tiele prise soit faite a les.taple, & lestaple soit deinz la v'ge, & les pnours arestuz soient de nre hostiel, adonqes soit fait droit de eux p les Meire & Minists de lestaple; Sc soient le Seneschal & Mareschalx de nre hostiel, ou le lieutenant le Senes.chal, a ce appellez, sils y voillent estre, p' veer q droit se face des ditz pnours solonc la lai de lestaple ; et en cas qils ne y viegnent point, aillent les Meire Sc Minists de lestaple avant en le pees, & facent justice solonc la lei de lestaple, nient contreesteante la nounvenue des Seneschal ou Mareschalx, ou lieutenant avantditz.

Item en cas q nre Baunc, ou la coe Baunc, ou Jus- dees en Eire, ou Justices dassises, ou la place de la Mareschalcie, ou ascunes auts Justices viegnent es lieux ou les dites Estaples sont, les dites Justices, ne Seneschal ne Mareschalx, nauts des dites places, neient nulle conissance illoeqes de choses q apptiegnent au conissance des Meire Sc Minists de lestaple.

Itm nous volons Sc defendons, q nuls Mares.chalx nauts Minists de nre hostiel ne dautri ne facent liv*ee ne se mellent es lieux ou les Estaples sont te.nues, de mesons, ou Marchantz ou leur meisnee, ou laines ou auPs Marchandises de lestaple sront herbgez, ne nentrent en ycelles pr leur office faire illoeqes, ne riens ne pbgnent pr ent faire desport a nulli, s' peine de faire gre a la ptie a qi seute il sra at- teint, du quatreble de ce q le pleinrif sra endamage, Sc outre soit grevousement puni dePs nous.

Item no9 volons & grantons q nulle conge ne pri.vilege de faire passer p Engleis, Galeis ne Irreis, laines, quirs, peaux lanutz ne plomb, hors des ditz roialme & Pres, ne soit gÒnte p nouz ne noz heirs contre ceste Ordenance; et si nulles soient grantez au contraire, soient tenues pr nulles, & ne doignent garantie ne excusacion a ceux qi ferront passer les dites Mar.chandises, qils nencoergent les peines Sc forfait'es contenues en le dit tierce Article.

all Manner of (Ô) Carriages and Vi&uals through all our

said Realm and Lands of old Times due and used of

Right, as have been made by Us and by our Ancestors

in Times past: And every Carrier returning from the

Staple, shall have a Bill under the Seal of the Mayor of

the Staple, whereby it may be known that he serveth

the Staple, containing the [Journeys*] which he needeth

for his Return [to the House,J] which Bill shall be

freely granted to him ; and the sam* Mayor shall be

sworn that he shall make no such Bill for any other

than (4) which serveth the Staple; and if any such Offender!

Carrier, Carts, Ships, Beasts, or other Thing, which

serveth for Carriage of that which pertaineth to the Hue and

Staple be taken, and be within the Verge out of the Cry. and

Staple, Huy and Cry shall be levied upon the Takers,

and the Takers shall be presently apprehended by steward and

People of the Town where the Prise was made, or by Marshal of

People of another Town, if they [be lacking,5] and the King*!

brought before the Steward and Marshal of our House; Houae j

and there ready Punishment shall be made of them,

according as the Deed requireth ; and if any such

Prise be made out of the Verge, Huy and Cry shall be

levied, and the Takers shall be taken and arrested by

the Town where such Prises shall be made, or by other

'Towns near, if they [be lacking5] and brought to the

next Gaol, and there to be done of them as of Felons,

if the Deed the same require. And in case that the

People of such Towns be negligent, and will not pursue

and arrest such Takers as before is said, the Four Towns

next shall answer of the Damages that may be found,

before them whom We shall thereto assign, that the

Plaintiffs have incurred by their Default, if they cannot

reasonably excuse themselves thereof; and if such Or before the

Prises be made in a Place where the Staple is, the Mayor and

Takers shall be arrested by the Mayors and Ministers of

the Staple, and Right done to the Plaintiffs by the said

Mayors and Ministers ; so always, that if such Prise be

made at the Staple, and the Staple be within the Verge,

and the Takers arrested be of our House, then Right

shall be done of them by the Mayor and Ministers of

the Staple; and the Steward and Marshal of our

House, or the StewardÕs Lieutenant, shall be thereto

called, if they will be there, to see that Right be done

of the said Takers according to the Law of the Staple ;

and in case they come not, the Mayor and Ministers of

the Staple shall proceed in the Process, and do Justice

according to the Law of the Staple, notwithstanding the

not coming of the Steward or Marshal, or Lieutenant

aforesaid.

ITEM, In case that our Bench or Common Bench, or V. Justices in Eyre, or Justices of Assise, or the [Place6] of That the the Marshalsea, or any other Justices, come to the Places where the said Staples be, the said Justices nor [Stew- not cogni- ards, nor Marshals, nor of other the said Place,7] ranee of shall have any Cognisance there, of that 'Thing which pertaineth to the Cognisance of the Mayor and Ministers StapfJ"^ * of the Staple.

ITEM, We will and defend, That no Marshal nor VI. other Minister of our House, or of others, shall make That Livery, nor meddle, in the Places where the Staples be otofficer* holden and kept, [nor with !] the Houses where the intermeddle said Merchants or their People, or Wools, or other not within Merchandises of the Staple be lodged, nor enter into the Sujpta. the same to execute their Office there, nor take any Thing thereof to spare any, upon Pain to make gree to the Party at whose Suit he shall be attainted, of the quatreble of that which the Plaintiff shall be endamaged, and further shall be grievously punished by Us.

ITEM, We will and grant, That no Licence or Pri- VII. vilege to make Passage by Englishmen, Irishmen, or Thai Licenc* Welshmen, of Wools, Leather, Woolfels or Lead, out w

of the same Realm and Lands, shall be granted by Us Nativei to or our Heirs against this Ordinance; and if any be export granted to the contrary, they shall be holden for none ; w¡o1*- and they shall give no Warranty, nor Excuse to them, which shall cause to be passed the said Merchandises, that they shall not incur the Pains and Forfeitures con- See Chapter 3. tained in the said (Õ) Article.

1 other * Dayi-journiet Õ to hostel MS. Tr. 2.

4 him 5 havefie.i 6 Court

1 the Steward nor Martial, nor any othen of the laid Courtj,

¥ of * third MS. Tr. 2.

y Go gle

All contract and trespasses within the Staple (hall be ruled by the Law-Mer.chant.

The Mayor and Justices of the Staple only (hall hare Jurisdiction.

Of the11 ITEM, We have ordained and established, That the Jurisdiction Mayors and Constables of the Staple shall have Juris-

and Privileges di&ion and Cognisance within the Towns where the to be observed Staples shall be, of People, and of all Manner of Things in the Staple, touching the Staple; and that all Merchants coming to the Staple, their Servants and Meiny in the Staple, shall be ruled by the Law-Merchant, of all Things touching the Staple, and not by the common Law of the Land, nor by Usage of Cities, Boroughs, or other Towns; and that they shall not implead nor be impleaded before the Justices of the said Places in Plea of Debt, Covenant and Trespass, touching the Staple, but shall implead all Persons of whom they will complain, as well such as be not of the Staple, as those that be of the Staple, which shall be there found, and in the same Manner they shall be impleaded, only before the Mayor and Justices of the Staple, which shall be thereto deputed, of all Manner of Pleas and of Aftions, whereof the Cog.nizance pertaineth to the Ministers of the Staple: So always that (') all Manner of Contracts and Covenants made betwixt Merchant and Merchant, or other whereof the one Party is a Merchant or Minister of the Staple, whether the Contrail or Covenant made be within the Staple or without, and also of Trespasses done within the Staple to Merchants, or to Ministers of the Staple by other, or by any of them to other, the Party Plaintiff shall chuse whether he will sue his Aftion or Quarrel before the Justices of the Staple by the Law of the Staple, or in other Place [of1] the common Law, and he shall be thereto received; So always that in the Pleas touching any of our House, the Steward or his Lieutenant, and the Marshals of our House, shall be with the Mayor of the Staple, to see that Right be done to the Parties as before is said, if they will be there : But Pleas of Land and of Freehold shall be at the common Law. And if Merchants or their People being in the Staple, because of the same do commit Felony, or be slain, robbed, or maimed by any Persons, the Mayor of the Staple and other meet Persons shall be assigned Justices, to hear and determine the said Felonies and Maims within the Staple without Delay, according to the common Law; and if any such Felon or Tres.passer be taken or detained within any Franchise, to whomsoever the same be, because of such Felony or Maim done within the Staple, it shall be presently com.manded by Writ, to cause the said Felon, or him that did the Maim, to come before the said Justices, to do Right of him in Form aforesaid ; and if they that have such Prisoners in Ward, will not deliver them, they shall incur the Pain of an hundred pounds to Us ; and never.theless they shall deliver the Body in the Form aforesaid. And in case that any Indidment be made out of the Sta.ple, of Felonies or Trespasses done by People of the Staple, or by other to them within the Staple, the same In.didment shall be sent before the said Mayor, and them which shall be assigned Justices with him, to do Right in this Party : and if the Plea or Debate be [[made J J before the Mayor of the Staple, betwixt the Merchants or Ministers of the same, and thereupon to try thereof the Truth, an Inquest or Proof is to be taken, We will that if the One Party and the other be a Stranger, it shall be tried by Strangers ; and if the One Party and the other be Denizens, it shall be tried by Denizens; and if the one Party be Denizen, and the other an Alien, the one half of the Inquest, or of the Proof, shall be of Denizens, and the other half of Aliens.

The Plaintiff (hall have the option of suing at Common-law.

In Pleas touching the KingÕs House, the Steward and Marshal (hall assist.

Pleas of Land;

Felony, or Maim done within the Staple (hall be tried at Common-law.

Felons within Franchises (hall be delivered up to thejusticcs of the Staple.

Indi&mcuts found out of the Staple (hall be sent before them.

The Inquest upon Trials;

Aliens,

Denizens,

MeCaetas

linguz.

IX. ITEM, To the Intent that the Contrads made within

the same Staple shall be the better holden, and the Pay.ments readily made; We have ordained and established, That every Mayor of the said Staples shall have Power to take Recognizances of Debts, which a Man will

Ô of MS. Tr. 2.

at

3 moved MS. Tr. 2.

Item,voãs orienc & esubli, <j 1ã stables de les EstaDles eiVnr . . -.We-

Estaples eient jurisdiccion & conissance WÕ deinz les villes ou les Estaples - serront de - - n P vÔ*c? Ç

gentz & de tote maSe des choses touchantes lestaple SL et q touz Marchantz venantz a lestaple, leur Cm'z & leur meisnee en lestaple, soient mesnez p la lei nur- chant des totes choses touchantes lestaple, & nemie p la coe lei de la Pre, ne p usages des Citees, Burghs nauds villes; et quils nempledent ne ne soient empledez devant les Justus des ditz lieux, covenant & Pspas touchantz

en plee de dette, lestaple, einz pledent totes psones des queux ils se vodront pleindre, sibien ceux q ne sont mie de lestaple come ceux qi sont de lestaple, queux €ront illoeqes trovez, et soient en meisme la ma3e empledez soulement devant le Meire & Justicers de lestaple, qi Sront a ce deputez, de totes manies de plees & daccions dount la conissance apptient as^ Minis? de lestaple; issint tote foitz Ej de tote manle des contradlz & covenantz, faitz entre Marchant et Marchant ou au?s, dount lune ptie soit Marchant ou Ministre de lestaple, le quel q le contract, ou covenant soient faitz deinz lestaple ou dehors, & aussint des tspas faitz deinz lestaple, a Marchantz ou as MinisPs de lestaple p auPs, ou p nul de eux as auPs, elise la ptie pleintif, le quel il voet suir sa accion ou sa querele devant les Justicers de lestaple, p la lei de lestaple, ou en auPs places a la coe lei, & soit a ce receu ; Issint totes voies q es plees touchantz ascun de nre hostiel, le Seneschal ou son Lieutenant, & les Mareschalx de nre dit hostiel, ysoient ovesq* le Meire de lestaple, pr veer q droit se face as pdes come devant est dit, sils yvoillent estre: Mes plees de Pre & de frank ten soient a la coe lei. Et si Mar.chantz, ou leur gentz esteantz a lestaple, p cause dicelle facent felonie, ou soient tuez, derobbez, ou mahemez p qconqes psones, soient le Meire de lestaple & aufs covenables assignez Justices, a oir & tminer les elites felonies & mahemes deinz lestaple, saunz delai solonc la coe lei; et si nul tiel felon ou tspassour soit pris & detenue deinz ascune franchise, a qi q ce soit, p cause de tiele felonie ou maheime faitz deinz lestaple, soit meintenant maunde p brief de faire venir le dit felon, ou celui q fist le maheime, devant les dites Justices afaire droit de lui en la forme avantdite; et si ceux qi ount tieux prisons en gard ne les veullent delis er, encoergent la peine de C. li. dePs nous, & jadumeinz delivent le corps en la forme desusdite. Et ea cas q nul enditement soit fait hors de lestaple, de felonies ou tspass faitz p gentz de lestaple, ou p auts a eux deinz lestaple, soit celle enditement maunde devant le dit Meire, & ceux q vsront assignez ovesq, lui Justices, affaire droit en celle ptie: et si plee ou debate soit meue devant le Meire de lestaple, entre les Marchantz ou Ministres dicelle, & s' ce pr trier ent la vite enqueste ou proeve soit a phidre, si volons q si lune ptte lautre soit estrange, soit trie p estranges, et s. lun ptie & lautre soit denzein, soit trie p denzems, lune ptie soit denzein & lautre alien, sou a. ^ moite del enquest, ou del pve, de denzeins

moite des aliens. . . . . client

Item au fin q les contradlz faitz demz lestap

meultz tenuz, & les paiementz

& establi, [q chescun Md" ^ Estaples eit poair de p>ndre reconissances

. Written on an ErafureÑAfter Ô serront Rot^ m ^

. & les suburbs dicel desÕ wherewith^ d Copies

and some old Printed Copies agree.-Other omit these words.

le

avons

27¡ Edw. Ill, Stat.2. c. 9Ñ11.

337

JD4353

DÕ recogni-

SSibj in

StapuU capicnu oc EiecuSfcb) e3fdem.

*h

**

s

*È*

k

4È

*li

*i

ttt

as

i|bi

lit

I*

ki

Ç D' mensuris Scponderibj.

tfa

.l

tt

a

ii

it

k

x

19

3

t!

I

1

I

I

, Q4i5) cimo-

nia vendi possint in I grosso 8c p

pceft, k qd non forstallent'.

q home vodra faire devant lui, en p>sence des Cones- tables de lestaple ou lun de eux, et *] q en chescune des dites Estaples soit un seal ordene demorant en la gard du dit Meire souz les SeaLx de meismes les Conestables, et q totes obligacions q yserront faites s' tieles reconissances soient enselez du dit Seal, paiant pÕ chescune Obligacion de C. ti. & dedenz, de chescune livre un maitt, & de chescune obligacion outre C. ti. de chescune livre, un ferthing : et q le Meire de lestaple, p vÕtue de cedes ires ensi ensealez, pusse p'ndre & tenir en prisone le Corps du dettour aps le t'me encurru, sil soit trove deinz lestaple, tanqil eit fait gre au Cre- ditour de la dette & des damages, & aussint darester les biens de meisme le dettour, trovez deinz la dite Estaple, & deliver les ditz biens au Creditour p verroie esti- macion, ou de les vendre a meultz q homme purra, & de liverer les deniers au dit Creditour tanq^ a la Sume due. Et en cas q le dettour ne soit trovez deinz les.taple, ne ses biens a la value de la dette, soit ce <?tifie en la Chauncellerie souz le dit Seal, s' quele Ctifica- cion soit brief mande de pVidre le corps du dit detto', saunz le mettre a meinprise, & de seisir ses terres & tenementz, biens & chateux; et soit le dit brief re.tournee en nostre Chauncellerie, ove la certificacion de la value des ditz terres & tenementz biens & chateux ; et s' ce ysoit due execucion faite de jour en jour, en maSe come il est contenue en lestatut Marchant, issint q celui, a qi la dette est due, eit estat de frankten en les Pres k tenz q lui Sront liPez, p Ptue de cel pees,

& recover p brief de novel disseie en cas qil soit oste; et q le dettour neit mie avauntage de quar? dun an, qest contenu en le dit Estatut Marchant. Et en cas q nul Creditour ne voille avoir tres du dit Seal, einz voille esteer a la foi du dettour, si ap*s le tme encurru il demand la dette, soit le dettour cru s' sa foie.

Item p' ce q nous avons entendu, q ascuns Mar- chantz achatent avoir de pois, laines, k auts mar- chandises p un pois, & vendent p un autre, & fount aussint deceivables retretes s' le poiser, & aussint usent falses mesures & Pges, en gÕnt deceite de nous & de tote la coe, & des loialx Marchantz; si volons k es- tablissons, q un pois, une mesure, & une Pge soit p toute la tre, sibien hors de lestaple come dedeinz : et q laines & tote maSe davoir de pois soient poisez p ba.lances, Issint q la lange du balance soit owele, saunz encliner a lune ptie ou a lautre, & saunz mettre main ou pe ou autre touche faire a icelle; et q celui qi face a lencontre, au damage du vendo', forface dePs nous la value de la Marchandie issint poisee, k mesuree, &c eit la ptie q se pleindra le quatreble de ce qil Õ3ra en- damagee; & eit le Pspassour lemprisonement dun an,

& soit reint a nfe volume : et s' ce soient assignes Jus.tices denqueer de tieux Pspassours, a totes les foitz q mestiere sra, & de faire droit, sibien a nre seute come a seute dauPs, qi se vodront ent pleindre.

Item avons ordene k establi, q touz Marchantz aliens & denzeins, & au?s qi amesnont vins & auts iPces & marchandises qconqes q eles soient a lestaple, Citees, Burghs k bones villes, ou as portz de meer deinz noz ditz roialme & tres, les pussent sauvement, & saunz chalenge ou empeschement de nulli, vendre en gros ou a retail!, ou p parcelles a lour volume, a qconqes gentz q les vodront achater: et q nul Marchant prive nes- trange nautre, de quele condicion qil soit, aille p Pre ne p ewe dencontrer tieux vins, nJces & marchan.dises, venantz en noz ditz roialme k tres, en meer ne

make before him, in the Presence of the Constables of the Staple, or one of them : And that in every of the said Staples be a Seal ordained, remaining in the Custody of the Mayor of the Staple, under the Seals of the Con ¥ stables, and that all Obligations which shall be made upon such Recognizances, be sealed with the said Seal, paying for every Obligation of an hundred pounds and within, of every pound an Halfpenny, and of every Obligation above an hundred pounds (') a Farthing: And that the Mayor of the Staple by virtue of the same Letters so sealed, may take and hold in Prison the Bodies of the Debtors after the Term incurred, if

Of taking

Recognizan.ce's in the Staple, and Execution of the same.

they be found within the Staple, till they have made gree to the Creditor of the Debt and Damages; and also arrest the Goods of the said Debtors found within the said Staple, and deliver the said Goods to [the said Creditors,'] by true Estimation, or [to3] sell them at the best that a Man may, and deliver the Money to the Creditors until the Sum due. And in case Execution that the Debtors be not found within the Staple, nor awarded out their Goods to the Value of the Debt, the same shall chancery if be certified in the Chancery under the said Seal, by the Debtor which Certification a Writ shall be sent to take the have not Bodies of the said Debtors, without letting them to oienMn mainprise, and to seise their Lands and Tenements, c Upc'

Goods and Chattels; and the Writ shall be returned in the Chancery, with the Certificate of the Value of the said Lands and Tenements, Goods and Chattels ; and What Estate thereupon due Execution shall be made from Day to the Creditor Day, in Manner as it is contained in the Statute Mer- *^DcbtorÕi chant, so that he to whom the Debt is due, shall have Land Estate of Freehold in the Lands and Tenements, which extended, shall be delivered to him by virtue of the same Process, and recovery by Writ of Novel disseisin, in case if he be outed ; and that the Debtor have no Advantage of The Debtor the Quarter of a Year which is contained in the said "u"t^ve Statute-merchant. And incase that [no Creditor will have Letters *] of the said Seal, but will stand to the jD a statute faith of the Debtor, if after the Term incurred he Merchant, demand the Debt, the Debtor shall be believed upon that Faith.

ITEM, Because we have perceived, that some Mer.chants do buy [avoir de pois,3] Wools and other Mer.chandises by one Weight, and sell by another, and make also deceitful [Draughts6] upon the Weight, and also use false Measures and Yards, in great Deceit of Us and of all the Commons, artd of lawful Merchants ; We "will and establish, that one Weight, one Measure, and one Yard, be through all the Land, as well out of the Staple as within : And that Wools, and all Manner [avoir de pois7] be weighed by the Balance, so that the Tongue of the Balance be even, without bowing to the one Side or to the other, or without putting Hand or Foot, or other Touch making of the same; and that he which doth against the same, to the Damage of the Seller, shall forfeit to Us the Value of the Merchandise so weighed and measured j and the Party that will complain him, shall have the quatreble of that which he shall be indamaged ; and the Trespasser shall have one YearÕs Imprisonment, and be ransomed at the KingÕs Will: And thereupon Justices shall be assigned to inquire of such Trespasses at all Times that shall be needful, and to do Right as well at our Suit as at the Suit of other that thereof will complain.

X

Of Measures and Weights.

There shall be one

Weight, one Measure, and one Yard, through all the Land.

The Penalty of him which doth not weigh by equal balance.

ITEM, We have ordained and stablished, That all XI. Merchants, Aliens and Denizens, and other that do That bring Wines and other Wares or Merchandises what- soever they be to the Staples, Cities, Boroughs, and i^roM^md good Towns, or to Ports of the Sea within our said by parcels, Realm and Lands, may safely and without Challenge j)ut not ** and Impeachment of any, sell them in Gross or at Retail orrsU3*cJ or by Parcels at their Will, to all Manner of People that will buy the same : And that no Merchant, Privy, nor Stranger, nor other of what Condition that he be, go by Land nor by Water [toward*] such Wines, Wares, or Merchandises, coming into our said Realm and l.ands

1 of every Pound 1 lie Creditor * msy

4 any Creditor will not have 3 goode of weight

6 withdrawing MS. Tr. a.

Õ of goods of weight * to encounter, MS. Tr. 2.


in the Sea, nor elsewhere, to forestal or buy them, or in other Manner to give earnest upon them, before that they come to the Staple, or to the Port where they shall be discharged, nor enter into the Ships for such See Chapter 3. Cause, till the Merchandises be set to Land to be sold, upon the Pains and Forfeitures contained in the same Third Article aforesaid.

XII.

That Wool*

ITEM, That no Merchant, Privy nor Stranger, nor be not carried ot^er> canT out our Realm of England, Wools,

out of England to Berwick, nor fold to Scotamen.

See Chapter 3

Leather, or Woolfels to Berwick upon Tweed, nor [elsewhere, nor into1] Scotland; nor that any Man, Mer.chant nor other, of what Condition that he be, sell his Wools, Woolfels or Leather, to any Man of Scotland, nor to any other to carry into Scotland, upon the Pains and Forfeitures contained in the said Third Article.

XIII. That Men robbed on the Sea be admitted to sue for their Goods.

ITEM, We will and grant, That if any Merchant, Privy or Stranger, be robbed of his Goods upon the Sea, and the Goods so robbed come into any Parts within our Realm and Lands, and he will sue for to recover the said Goods, he shall be received to prove the said Goods to be his own [by his Marks, or by his Chart or Cocket,1] or by good and lawful Merchants,

GocKiTihaU be ^rÔvy or Sfrangers * and by such Proofs the same re-delivered Goods shall be delivered to the Merchants, without making other Suit at the Common Law : And in case that any Ships, going out of the said Realm and Lands, or coming to the same, by Tempest or other Misfor.tune, break upon the Sea Banks, and the Goods come to the Land, which may not be said Wreck, they shall be presently without Fraud or evil Device delivered to the Merchants to whom the Goods be, or to their Servants, by such Proof as before is said, paying to them that have saved and kept the same, convenient for their Travel; that is to say, by the Discretion of the Sheriffs and Bailiffs, or other our Ministers, in Places guildable, where other Lords have no Franchise, and by the Advice and Assent of four or six of the best or most sufficient discreet Men of the Country ; and if that be within the Franchise of other Lords, then it shall be done by the Stewards and Bailiff, or Wardens of the same Franchises, and by the Advice of four or six discreet Men of the Country, as afore is said, without any Delay.

to them. Goods stranded by Tempest,(hall be restored on Salvage.

XIV.

Of Money, and the Exchange of Monies, and that no Money be carried out of the Realm, except new Money.

Search for Money in the Ports.

ITEM, We have ordained, That all Merchants, Privy and Strangers, may safely carry and bring within our said Realm and Lands, Plate of Silver, and billets of Gold, and all other Manner of Gold, and all Money of Gold and Silver to our Bullion, or to our Exchanges, which we shall cause to be ordained at our said Staples, and elsewhere, taking there Money of our Coin of Gold and Silver conveniable to the Value. And if any will take good Money of Gold and Silver of other Coin than of ours in Payment, he shall take the same without Impeachment, so that none be thereunto compelled if he will not take it of his good Will.

Provided always, That no Money have common Course within our said Realm and Lands, but the Mo.ney of Gold and Silver of our Coin ; and that none carry out of our said Realm and Lands the old Sterling, nor other Money but our new Money of Gold and Silver, except the Merchants Strangers that bring to our said Realm and Lands any Manner of Money, and [there willJ] employ this Money within our Realm and Lands; whom we will that they may re-carry into their Country all this Money, or as much as shall remain thereof not employed without Impeachment: so always that good and lawful Search be thereof made in the Ports, and other Places where any Arrival is ; and that all the Money that every Merchant Stranger shall bring within our said Realm and Lands, shall be put in Wri- ting by the Searchers, to the Intent that no Merchant shall carry more beyond the Sea than he brought into the same Realm and Lands.

* to any part elsewhere in

1 by the marke, deede, or cokette, MS. Tr. a.

5 mull not

- ^fi.1353.

aillours, p' les forstaller, achater, ou en autre maSe arrer, avant q,ls viegnent a lestaple, ou au Port ils sront deschargez, ne entre les niefs p rie|e caUse tan<h les marchandises soient mis a la tVe p' Ven(u - les peines & forfeitures contenuz en le dit tierce Aitkk hem <j nul Marchwlt prive ne*ªge nautre. ã ,, ,,

hors de nre rotalme DenglePre laines, peaux lanu,z ne quirs a Berewyk sr Twede [ne nulle pt aillount H en Escoce; ne q nul h5me Marchant nautre, dequele condition qil soit, vend ses laines, peaux lanux ae quirs a nul home de Escoce, ne a nul autre p'TakU,ir- amesner en Escoce, s' les peines & forfeitures con- tenuz en le dit tierce Article.

Item no volons & gÔntons, q si ascun Marchant, prive QibsÈ ou estrange, soit derobbe de ses biens s' meer, & les biens ensi derobbez viegnent ascune pt deinz noz ^ ditz roialme & Pres, & voet suir p' les ditz biens *1*7 recovlr, soit receu de pver les ditz biens estre les bo¡u soens, p ses inches ou psa carte ou coket, ou p bons & loialx Marchantz, privez ou estranges; et p deles proeves soient meismes les biens deliPs au Marchant saunz autre seute faire a la coe lei: et en cas q nulles niefs, issantz de noz ditz roialme & Pres, ou venantes a ycelles, p tempest ou p autre intortune debrisent s' les costeres du meer, & les biens viegnent a Pre 3 ne purront estre dit Wrek, soient meintenant saunz fraude ou mal engin deliv's as Marchantz as queux les biens sont, ou a lour €vantz, p tiele proeve come devant est dit, paiant a ceux qi les avÕont sauvez & gardez cove- nablement p' leur travail!; cest assavoir, d discretion des viscontes, Bailiffs, ou auPs noz Minisrs es lieux geldables ou auPs Seign's nount point de franchises,

& p lavis & assent de quatre ou sys des meillours & plus sufficeantz pdes homes du pais; et si ce soit deinz franchise dauPs Seign's, adonqs se face p les Seneschalx, ou Baillife ou Gardeins, de meisme la Franchise, & p lavis de quatre ou sys pdes homes du pais come desuis est dit, saunz nul delaie.

Item avons ordene & establi, q touz Marchantz pri- DÕ Montu vez & esfnges pussent sauvement amesner & porter deinz noz ditz roialme & tres, plate dargent, billettes ^ Mon£a dor, & tote autre mahle dor, & totes monoies dor & nondtfmi' dargent, a nfe billion ou a noz eschanges, queles nous ferrons ordener, a noz dites Estaples & aillours, pnant m0mu. illoeqes monoie de nre coigne dor & dargent covena- blement a la Value; et si nulle veulle p>ndre bone monoie dor ou dargent, dautri coigne q de nre, en paiement, la frigne saunz empeschement, si q nul soit a ce artee sil ne la veulle phdre de gre. Purveu totes voies q nulle monoie neit coe cours deinz noz ditz roialme & Pres, forsq, la monoie dor & dargent de nre coigne ; et qe nul emport hors de noz ditz rota me ' le veil! esterling, nautre monoie, forsq, nre novee

Pres monoie

dor & dargent,

horspris les Marchantz estranges, qi apportent en noz ditz roialme & Pres ascune manie de monoie, & [ne ÔJ veullent emploier celle monoie deinz mesmes noz roialme & tres, queux nous volons q pussent tote celle monoie ou q"nq, ent dem'ra nient emploie, reporrer en leur pais saunz em- pechement: Issint totes foitz q bon & loial Serche

ensoit fait, en les portz & auPs lieux ou arivaill yest,

marchant estrange

deinz noz uu. ----- & tres, sc

escript, p les Serchours, au fin q nul marchant nem port plus qil napporta en meismes noz roialme & ftš5.

et q tote la monoie q chescun marenam s-ÑD amesnera deinz noz ditz roialme & Pres, soit mis en

. Ñk-nt n£ITlÇ

* Ja

naillours ne \ prjã/eJ Copies.

Rot.

,Or!i:MS.RegtMS.Cott.read asm


Vi

h

DÕ lanis ad Stapulas ducend, p iquasdulces 8t p brachia

s

s

')*

A

Slit

last

a nii È.È

šts:

r>|fe DÕ locis k Hit Èic>sp l . Stapulis ª ordinand.

idti

tit i Çfe|i in

ill

ter

strip

nil

>**'

hf

P*

r*È

iii

'iÇ

iw

in

Qd nlcatores p debiiis contklib} k t*nsalio^non inipetant'.

*1

k*

sl.

ip

È!*

A*

m*

iis

J*

:È.

I*

Purvcu totes voies, q nul Ministre nautre p colour de dele Serche, ne face empeschement ne destourbance a nul Marchant estrange pr lui grever nounduement; et q totes les falses monoies, q purront estre trovez p serche ou en autre maiJe espiez, deinz meismes noz roialme & tres, en deceite de nre bone monoie, soient forfaitz a nous solonc les ordenances autrefoitz ent faites.

Item nous volons & establissons q ceux qi ount laines, quirs, peaux lanutz, & plomb en pais entre les lieux ou les Estaples sont et la meer, & les veullent faire carier a les Estaples p ewes douces ou braces de meer, facent endentures entre eux et les Baillifs des villes ou ils les mettront en nief, tesmoignantes come bien de laines, quirs, peux & plomb est issint mis en nief; et les Baillifs des lieux p*ignent sement & suffi- ceante seurete, pr quele ils vodront respondre, de eux & de Mariners qils irront od celle laine, quirs, peux, & plomb a les Estaples, & nufle pt aillours, & des- chargont illoeqes avant qils entrent la meer ; et q les Baillifs envoient meintenant lune ptie de lendenture, con- tenant la seurete & la quantite de laines, quirs, peux, & plomb, au Meire de lestaple, as coustages de ceux as queux les biens sont, p ascur. home pÕ qi ils vodront respondre. Et si nul Meire, Baillif, ou autre Ministre du lieu ou tieles marchandises €ront chargez, soefrent les dites marchandises passer en autre matie, encoergent sibien les Meir, Baillifs, & Minist's avantditz, come celui qi les charga, les peines & forfait'es contenues en Ie dit tierce article.

Item q cn chescune ville ou lestaple €ra tenue, soient ordenez Steins rues & lieux, ou les leines & auts marchandises 9ront mis j et pr ce q les Seign's ou Cardeins de mesons & lieux, veantz la necessite de Marchantz, mettront p cas lour mesons a trop haute ferme, si avons ordene q les mesons q sont a lesser en tiele ma9e, soient mis a resonable ferme, solonc lordenance du Meire & des Conestables de lestaple, & de quatre pdes homes des meillours de la ville ou lestaple est, q sront iurez en psence des ditz Meire & Conestables de faire loial taxe, si q pr defaute de me.sons lestaple ne soit mie empeschee; et q nul home q amesne ses laines ou au?s marchandises illoeqes, ne soit destourbe de hertiger meismes les laines & mar.chandises, en les mesons queles il av*a issint allowe.

Item q nul Marchant estrange soit emplede ou era- pesche pr autri tspas, ou pÕ autri dette, dount il nest pas detto' plegge ou meinpnour ; p'veu totes voies q si noz Iigez gentz, Marchantz ou au9s, soient endamages p ascuns Seign's destranges tres ou leur subgitz, & les ditz Seignours duement requis faillent de droit a noz dites gentz, nous eions la lei de Mark & de repsailles, come ad este use devant ces heures, saunz fraude ou mal engin: et en cas q debate sourde, q dieu defend, entre nous & ascuns Seign's de estrange tVe, si ne vo.lons mie q les gentz & Marchantz de la dire tre soient sodeinement subduz, deinz noz ditz roialme & tres, p cause de la dite debate; einz qils soient garniz & pcta- macion ent publie, qils voident les ditz roialme & rres, od leur biens, franchement deinz xl. jours aps le gar- nissement & pclamacion issint faites, et q en le meen temps ils ne soient de rien empeschez, ne destourbez de leur passage, ou de leur pfit faire de meismes les marchandises, sils les veullent vendre : et en cas q p' de.faute de vent ou de navie, ou p' maladie ou autre cause evidente, ils ne poent voider noz ditz roialme & tres deinz si brief temps, adonqes, ils eient autre xl. jours, ou plus si mestiere soit, deinz quel temps ils purront passer covenablemenr, ou leur Marchandises vendre come devant est dit.

Provided always, That no Minister nor other, by colour of such Search, shall make Impeachment or Disturbance to any Merchant Stranger to grieve him unduly ; and that all the false Money that may be found by Search, or in other Manner espied within the same our Realm and Lands, in Deceit of our good Money, shall be forfeited to Us, according to the Ordinances another Time thereof made.

ITEM, We will and establish, That they that have Wools, Leather, Fells, and Lead, in the Country betwixt the Places where the Staples be and the Sea, and the same will cause to be carried to the Staples by fresh Waters, or by Arms of the Sea, shall make Indenture betwixt them and the Bailiffs of the Towns where they put them in Ship, testifying how much Wools, Leather, Fells, and Lead is so put in Ship j and the Bailiffs of the P/aces shall take an Oath and sufficient Surety, for which they will answer, of them and the Mariners, that they shall go with the same Wools, Leather, Fells, and Lead to the Staple, and no Part elsewhere, and there shall dis.charge before they do enter the Sea; and that the Bailiffs send presently the one Part of the Indenture containing the Surety and the Quantity of the Wools, Leather, Woolfels and Lead, to the Mayor of the Staple, at their Costs that owe the Goods, by some Man for .whom they will answer. And if any Mayor, Bailiff, or other Minister of the Places where such Merchandizes shall be [charged,1] suffer the said Mer.chandises to pass in other Manner, as well the Mayors, and Bailiffs and Ministers aforesaid, as the Merchants which the same shall [charge,1] shall incur the Pains and Forfeitures contained in the said Third Article.

ITEM, That in every Town where the Staple shall be holden, shall be ordained certain [ RewsJ ] and Places, where the Wools and other Merchandises shall be put; and because that the Lords or Guardians of the Houses and Places, seeing the necessity of Merchants, do set percase their Houses at too high ferm, We have ordained, That the Houses which be to be leased in such Manner shall be set at a reasonable ferm, accord.ing to the Ordinance of the Mayor and Constables of the Staple, and of four discreet Men of the best of the Town where the Staple is, which shall be sworn in the Presence of the said Mayor and Constable to make a lawful Tax, so that for Default of Houses, the Staple shall not be impeached ; and that no Man that bringeth his Wools or other Merchandises there, be disturbed to lodge the same Wools or other Merchandises in the Houses which they have so hired.

ITEM, That no Merchant Stranger be (*) impeached for anotherÕs Trespass, or for anotherÕs Debt, whereof he is not Debtor, Pledge, nor Mainpernour ; Provided always, That if our Liege People, Merchants or other, be indamaged by any Lords of strange Lands or their Subje&s, and the said Lords, duly required, fail of Right to our said Subjefls, We shall have the Law of Marque, and of [taking them again,5] as hath been used in Times past, without Fraud or Deceit: And in case that Debate do rise, which God defend, betwixt Us and any Lords of strange Lands, We will not that the People and Merchants of the said Lands be suddenly subdued in our said Realm and Lands because of such Debate; but that they be warned, and Proclamation thereof published, that they shall void the said Realm and Lands with their Goods freely, within Forty Days after the Warning, and Proclamation so made ; and that in the mean time they be not impeached nor let of their Passage, or of making their Profit of the same Merchandises if they will seil them : And in case that for Default of Wind, or of Ship, or for Sickness, or for other evident Cause, they cannot avoid our said Realm and Lands within so short a Time, then they shall have other Forty Days, or more if need be, within which they may pass conveniently [with selling their Merchandise 6] as afore is said.

1 la Jin * lath Õ Strutt

¥ empleadcd or MS. Tr. i. > Reprisal! MS. Tr. 2.

6 or sell their littre ban Jim

AH fake

Money forfeited to the King.

xv:

Of canying Wools to the Staples by fresh Waters, or Arm* of the Sea.

See Chapter 3.

XVI.

Of ordaining Place! and Street! for Staple*.

Houses therein shall be let at reasonable Rents.

XVII.

That

Merchant* be not impeached for the Debts, Contrafts.and Trespasses of others.

Laiv of Marque and Reprisals. Merchants of EnemiesÕ Countries, on War breaking out. to have Time to sell their Goods, and to depart.

VOL. I.

4 R

4.D.1353.

If

XVIII. That Men of Ireland and Wales may bring their Wools and Leather to the Staples of England.

ITEM, Because We do well perceive, That Merchants Strangers do not come so commonly into Ireland nor into Wales for to merchandise, as they do into England, We will of our special Grace, that it shall be lawful to the People of Ireland and Wales, which cannot utter their Wools, Leather, Woolfells and Lead in Ireland and Wales, to [all'] Merchants Strangers, to come with their said Merchandises, after that they be customed and cocketed in Ireland and in Wales, to any of our Staples in England which them shall please, bringing their Cockets, witnessing their Merchandises, which they shall discharge at the Staples in England ; so that they when they shall come to the Staples in England, or they that bought their said Merchandises of them, shall not pay another Time, Custom nor Subsidy for the said Merchandises so customed in our said Lands of Ireland and Wales. And our Treasurer, and the Barons of our Exchequer of England, shall be certified two Times by the Year at the least, that is to say, at Easter and Michaelmas, how much Wools, Leather, Woolfels, and Lead shall pass out of the said Land of Ireland, and - , of the Custom thereof paid. And in case that the Mer- tUcThtrc:em chanfs or other People of Ireland or of Wales, after that they be in the Sea with their said Merchandises, do pass Su Chapter $. to any Place other than to the Staples in England, they shall incur the Pains and Forfeitures in the said Third Article.

Item p' ce q no9 pensons bien, q les Marchantz anges ne v.egnent mie si coement en Irlande & -ales, p' marchander, come ils fount en Engle?re si volons de nre grace especiale, q bien lise as JL -

.... 6-----q 0,en use as crentz n;,

I?;!6 Lt. Sle.S:ln?.P?rr¡nt.deIi9er tor laL' S?

Penalty on

Thafthe" ITEM, That no Merchant nor other, of what Con- Goodf of dition that he be, shall lose or forfeit his Goods nor Me'chanta Merchandises for the Trespass and Forfeiture of his Ser- and others be vant, unless he do it by the Commandment or Procure- foTthe ,tcd ment hls Master> or that he hath offended in the Default of Office in which his Master hath set him, or in other their Senrants. Manner, that the Master be hoiden to answer for the Deed of his Servant by the Law-Merchant, as elsewhere is used. And because that Merchants may not often long tarry in one Place [for levying of their Merchan.dise,ÒJ We will and grant, that speedy Right be to them done from Day to Day, and from Hour to Hour, according to the Laws used in such Staples before this Time hoiden elsewhere, at all Times when they will them complain of any, or that any will complain of them ; so that the Merchants be not by Malice delayed for Default of speedy Remedy.

Speed j Juft ice ihal] be done to Merchants.

XX

Merchants

shall have present Remedv for Grievances done to them according to the Law- Merchant.

ITEM, Because we have taken all the Merchants Strangers [in3] our said Realm and Lands, into our special Protection, and moreover granted to do them speedy remedy of their Grievances, if any be to them done; We have ordained and established, That if any Outrage or Grievance be done to them in the Country, out of the Staple, the Justices of the Place where such Outrages shall be done, shall do speedy Justice to them after the Law-Merchant from Day to Day, and from Hour to Hour, without sparing any Man or to drive them to sue at the common Law ; and if any be convict, that he hath grieved the Merchants so taken in our Protection, he shall be punished by Us tor the Con.tempt done to Us, in as much as shall be judged to the Merchants for their Damages ; and to the said Mer.chants Strangers their double Damages shall be judged.

qutrs, peaux lanutz &c plotnb, en Irlande & en Gal a tieux Marchantz estranges, de venir od lew dife marchandises, ap>s ce q els soient custumez & cokettez en Irlande & en Gales, a ascune de noz Estaples en Englet re, a quele q leur plerra, portantz lew cokettes tesmoignantz leur marchandises qils deschargonta les Estaples en Engletre; issint q eux, q*nt ils Sront venuz a les Estaples en EngletYe, ne ceux qi leur dites mar- chandtses achatW de eux illoeqes, ne paieront autre- foitz custume ne subside, p' les dites marchandises issint custumez en noz dites Pres de Gales & Dirland.

Et soient noz Tresorer & Barons de nfe Escheqer DengletVe, Ptifiez deux foitz p an au meinz, Cestassa- voir, a la Pascfc & a la Seint Michel, comebien de laines,

?uirs, peaux lanutz & plomb passent hors de la dite re Dirlande, & de la custume ent paie. Et en cas q les Marchantz, ou au?s gentz Dirlande ou de Gales, ap>s ce qils soient en meer od leur dites marchandises, passent aillours q a les Estaples en EnglePre, encoergem les peines & forfait'es contenues en le dit tierce article.

Item q nul Marchant, nautre de quele condicion qil qj soit, pde ne forface ses biens & marchandises p' tspas riiatoi a ou forfait de son svant, sil net face p maundement ou J'l0?(Ór abette de son Mestre, ou qil eit mespris en loffice en p jt(cu quel son Meistre lui ad mis, ou en autre maSe q le 2Èien*iiÈ!. Meistre soit tenuz a respondre pr le fait son svant p la lei marchant, come p aillours est usee. Et pr ce q Marchantz ne poent sovent longement dem'er en un lieu pr entrelesser leur marchandises, si volons q has- Qd ctkn tive droit leur soit fait, de jour en jour & de heure en heure, solonc les leies usees en autieles Estaples, tenues avant ces beures p aillours, totes les foitz qils se vodront pleindre de nully, ou q nul se vodra pleindre de eux ; Issint q les Marchantz ne soient p malice hastive remede.

ÕCrft

XXI. Of the con.stituting of

and of their Power.

ITEM, Because the Staples cannot long continue, nor the Ordinances thereof made and to be made, be kept, a Mayor and if good Executors and Justices be not established to Constables, make thereof good and ready Execution : We have ordained and established, That in every Town where the Staple is ordained, a Mayor good, lawful, and suffi.cient, shall be made and established, having Knowledge of the Law-Merchant, to govern the Staple, and to do right to every Man after the Laws aforesaid, without favour, sparing, or grief doing to any. And in every Place where the Staple is, shall be two conveniable Constables now at [his4] beginning placed by Us, to do that pertaineth to their Office as in other Staples is accustomed ; and when they shall be dead or changed,

' eueh

1 comyng into MS. Tr. 2.

* discontinuing tbeir Traffic * the

eux ;

tariez pr defaute de

Item prce q nous avons pris touz Marchantz es.tranges, venantz en noz ditz roialme & tres, en nre especiale pteccion, & outre gÕnte de lour fame hastive remede des griefs, si nuls lour soient faitz; si avons ordene & establi, q si nul outrage ou gref leur soit fait en pais hors de le staple, Jes Justicers du lieu ou uel outrage leur sra fait, facent hastiveinent justice a eux, solonc la lei marchant, de jour en jour & de heure en iieure, saunz desport faire a nully, ou de les mettre a suir a la coe lei; et si nul soit convift, qil eit grevee les Marchantz, issint pris en nfe pteccion, soit p contempt fait a nous puni defs nous, en tant come

aju£Se au P- *È damÕE, S-

as ditz Marchantz estranges dat g ^

hem p- Ç c, toEmpte Ç ÔÔrr'Ze Jr, ,

ment tenir, ne Jes Ordenancesi^t ^ ^ ^

gardez, si bones Executours & Just ayons & point*

tabliz pÕ faire ent bone & redde execua , ^

ordene & establi, q en chescune v. e P& ^

ordene, soit fait & establi un eire > ã0[nir dee ant, eant conissance de la lei mar , P lestaple & faire droit a chescun Jes I ^

dites, saunz desport, favour ou gre jeux Cone-

soient aussint en chescun lieu ou es ap ^ ^ ^ nous, p' stables covenables, ore au comence ^ £n autre

faire ce qattient a leur office, en m ^ mortz ou Estaple est accustume; Et qª

fain-

iiulii

ad

4

, Ñ

UBii

*ol

Go gl

e

K

klit

S

s

šSlj

s

till

lili

ÈÇ

ItCH

ofe;

DÕCorreftar gjg, in Stapla ,. ordinatis.

¥fci

(4

*(Ç

Sitll

*iÈ

ik:

šii

an

>!È

nki

DÕportito- rib) k aliis Clf ?vicntibj in Staput.

HI!

Bit

'iats i e

>?

ili

S'

it

¥t

;l D' 2th SI nlcatoribj

t ciii a<* assidend cu

l1

f

chaungez, adonqes soient auts esluz p la Cbalte des Marchantz du dit lieu; et q nul Meire ne tiegne lof- fice outre un an, sil ne soit de novel eslu p la Coalte de Marchantz, sibien estranges come denzeins: et q les ditz Meire & Conestables eient poair de garder la pees, & darester les meffesours en les Estaples, p' fspas, dette, ou pr autre contraft, & les mettre en prison & punir solonc la lei de lestaple; et soit ordene une prison p' la sauve gard de eux qi sront issint empri- sonez; et soient les Meirs, Viscontz, & Baillifs des villes ou lestaple est, ou joignantz a lestaple, entendantz as Meire & Ministres de lestaple, de faire execucion de lour mandementz, sr peine de gref forfaiture; et soit un Seign', ou autre de plus sufficeantz du pais ou les.taple est, assigne de estre en eid as Meire & Minists de lestaple, de justicer les rebelx, qi p les ditz Meire & Ministres ne p'ront estre justicez, & de les meintenir & conseiller, q"nt mestiere sra a bone govnement de les.taple; [& de redrescer a chescuny pleinte ce q sra mespris p les ditz Meire ou Minists ou auts, & de faire droit as copleignanz en celle ptie.1] Et q meisme les Meire & Conestables ne facent ne ordenent rien q soit a contraire de cestes ordenances, ne ne facent int'preta- cion ne excepcion a ycelles, autrement q les pols ne pr- portent; mes sil y ad rien q soit en doute, soit monstree a nre conseil & illoeqes soit declare p bone avys.

Item nous avons ordene, q en chescun lieu ou les.taple se tendra, soit Stein nombre des Corecters, sibien destranges come de privez, pdes homes, sufficeantz & sachantz de tieu meistere, pr loialment faire & recorder les bargaines entre les vendours et achatours, come ad este usee en aut?s Estaples tenuz aillours ; et qils troes- sent sufficeantz meinpnours, devant le Meire & Cone.stables de lestaple, de loialment faire ce q attient a lour office; et sils soient trovez en defaut, paient atant a celui qi €ra endamagee come sa perte amounta ; Issint qils ne se mellent de nulle manle de marchandises, pr le temps qils demoerent en office; et q nulli soit con- streint davoir Core&er, sil nel voille avoir de gre, ne de paier rien a nul Corecter sil ne se melle de son bargain a sa request.

Item q Stein nombre de portours, pakkers, gwynders, ovours, & auts laborers de laines & de totes auts mar.chandises, soit ordene sufficeantment pr le lieu ou les.taple est; et soient ils & les Corefters, St totes rnaSes des Officers de les Estaples, estre les Conestables, jurez devant le Meire de lestaple, qils loialment ferront leur offices, saunz fraude ou mal engin ; et auxint soient touz Marchantz, denzeins St aliens, venantz as dites Estaples p cause de marchandie, jurez devant meismes les Meires & Conestables, qils Õsront justiceables p les ditz Meire 8t Conestables, solonc la lei & usage de les.taple ; & meintendront q'nq, en eux est lestaple, & les leis & usages dycelle saunz fraude ou mal engin; et les Meire & Conestables soient jurez en la Chancel- lerie, de faire loialment ce q apptient a eux.

Item nous volons & ordenons, q les Marchantz es.tranges elisent deux Marchantz estranges, des queux, lun dev's le Sutft & lautre dews le North, soit assigne

1 Rot. Ord: MS. Reg: and MS. Colt, omit this Sentence, and read instead thereof the following : Ô Et si nul Marchant

{ou autre Õ] se ville plcindre du Meir ou Conestables, qils ont ailli de droit, ou favour fait contre reson a nulle ptie, soit hastiement redresce p le Chaunceller & autres de nre conseil sanz nulle delaie.Õ The oldest Printed Copies read the same as the Text. In Rail. 1557 both Sentences occur.

1 MS. Reg. omits.

then other shall be chosen by the Commonalty of the Merchants of the said Places ; and that no Mayor hold the Office over one Year, unless he be newly chosen by the Commonalty of the Merchants, as well of Strangers as of Denizens: * And that the said Mayor and Con.stables have Power to keep the Peace, and to arrest Offenders in the Staples for Debt, Trespass, or other Contradl, and them to put in Prison, and punish after the Law of the Staple ; and a Prison shall be ordained for the safe keeping of them that so shall be imprisoned ; and the Mayors, Sheriffs, and Bailiffs of the Towns where the Staple is, or adjoining to the Staple, shall be attending to the Mayor and Ministers of the Staple, to do Execution of their Commandments, upon Pain of grievous Forfeiture; and one Lord or other of the most sufficiency in the Country where the Staple is, shall be assigned to be aidant to the Mayor and Ministers of the Staple, to [justify1] disobedient Persons, which by the said Mayor and Ministers cannot be [justified,*] and to maintain and counsel them when need shall be to the good Governance of the Staple; and to redress at every ManÕs Complaint that which shall be mistaken by the said Mayor or Ministers, or other, and to do Right to the Complainants in this Behalf.

[ÕAnd if any Merchant (4) will complain of the Mayor or of the Constables, that they have failed of Right, or shewed Favour against Reason to either of the Parties, it shall be speedily redressed by the Chancellor and our Council without Delay.Õ]

And that the same Mayor and Constables do not, nor ordain any Thing contrary to these Ordinances, nor make Interpretation nor Exception to them, otherwise than the Words do purport; but if there be any (6) that is doubted, it shall be shewed to our Council, and there declared by good Advice.

ITEM, We have ordained, That in every Place where the Staple shall be holden, there shall be a cer.tain Number of Correflors, as well of Strangers as of Privies, good People, sufficient and having Knowledge of such Mystery, lawfully to make and record the Bar.gains betwixt the Buyers and the Sellers, as hath been used in other Staples holden in other Places ; and that they find sufficient Mainpernors before the Mayor and Constables of the Staple, lawfully to do that pertaineth to their Office; and if they be found in Default, they shall pay to him that is indantaged as much as his Loss shall amount to; so that they meddle them not with any manner of Merchandise for the Time that they shall abide in the Office ; and that no Man be constrained to have a Corrector unless be will of his own good Will, nor to pay any Thing to any C.orreftor unless he meddle of his Bargain at his Request.

ITEM, That a certain number of Porters, Packers, Winders, Workers, and other Labourers of Wools, and all other Merchandises, be sufficiently ordained for the Place where the Staple is ; and they and the C01 redtors, and all manner of Officers of the Staple, [besides7] the Constables, shall be sworn before the Mayor of the Staple, that they lawfully shall execute their Office, without Fraud or Deceit; also all Merchants, Aliens and Denizens, coming to the said Staples because of Merchandise, shall be sworn before the said Mayor and Constables, that they shall be [justified *] by the same Mayor and Constables, according to the Law and Usage of the Staple; and shall maintain, as much as in them is, the Staple, and the Laws and Usages of the same, with.out Fraud or Deceit; and the Mayor and Constables shall be sworn in the Chancery to do lawfully that which pertaineth to them.

ITEM, We will and ordain, That the Merchants Strangers shall chuse two Merchants Strangers, whereof the one towards the South, and the other towards the

1 juttiee 1 jut lice d 4 or other

3ÑÕThe oldest printed Translations and MSTr/i omit this Sentence.

6 thing 7 except 8 justisable MS. Tr. 2.

of

¥ The Roll of the Staple from which this Ordinance is printed contains the Appointment of the several Mayors and Constables the Staple throughout the Kingdom for every Year from the 27th to the 50th of King Edward III.

XXII.

Ofappointing Correctors in the Staple.

XXIII.

Of Porters and other Servants in the Staple.

All the

Officers and Merchants shall be sworn.

XXIV. For choosing certain Alien- Merchants to be associate

with the Mayor and Constables of the Staple.

Appeal to the Chancellor and the KingÕs Council.

Six mediators of questions between Buyers and Sellers.

XXV.

That

Conspiracies and Confede.racies be not made to the Distress of the Staple.

See Chapter 3.

XXVI. That Credit be given to the Letters or Papers of Merchant Strangers or to their Oaths, of the Value of their Goods.

North, shall be assigned to sit with the Mayor and Con.stables of the Staples where [some 1 ] of those Persons chosen shall come, to hear the Plaints touching Mer.chants Aliens, that shall be moved before the said Mayor and Constables, at all Times that any of the said Persons chosen will be there, and to see that plain Right be done to the said Merchants Aliens; so that the said Mayor and Constables shall not cease to proceed in their Process, in case that those Persons chosen come not thither : And in case that Debate rise betwixt them, upon the discussing of any Plea or Quarrel, the tenour of the same Plea or Quarrel shall be sent before the Chancellor, and other of our Council, to be deter.mined there without Delay. And also six Persons shall be chosen, that is to say, four Aliens, whereof two shall be of Almaigne, and two of Lombardy, and two of England, which shall be discreet Men, and worthy of Faith, and shall swear, that they shall well and law.fully execute their Office ; that is to say, that when and at what Time any Question or Debate shall rise or come amongst Merchants of any unreasonable Wool, or undue packing according to the Covenants made betwixt the Sellers and the Buyers, that the said Persons, or four of them, may before the Mayor of the Staple and the Officers, by their Oath say and amend as reason will, and thereupon credence shall be given to them without any Contradi&ion

ITEM, We have ordained and established, That no Merchant or other shall make Confederacy, Conspiracy, Covin, Imagination, or Murmur, or evil Device in any point, that may turn to the Impeachment, Disturbance, Defeating, or Decay of the said Staples, or of any Thing that to them pertaineth or may pertain ; and if any do, and thereof be attainted before the Mayor and Ministers of the Staple, or other whom We shall thereto assign, he shall incur the Pains and Forfeitures contained in the said third Article.

ITEM, Whereas it is contained in the Charter of our Grandfather, granted to the Merchants Strangers, and by Us confirmed, that of Merchandises which they shall bring into our said Realm and Land, and whereof Three-pence of the Pound ought to be paid by the said Merchants Strangers, according to the same Grant, Faith and Credence shall be given to them upon the Value of the said Merchandises by Letters, which they may shew of the same Goods of their Lords [and* ] Com.panions ; and if they have no Letters, they shall be believed by their Oath in this Behalf: And now of late it is [done J] Us and our Council to understand by the Complaint of the said Merchants, that albeit they have Letters testifying the Value of their Merchandises, the Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, and Ministers of many Places do constrain them to swear for the said Merchandises, against the form of their said Charter ; and nevertheless after the Oath made, [unseal'] their Barrels, Fardels and Bales, for which they have taken their Oath, and the same let lie four or six Days so [unsealed1] before they will see the same, and so they take away from the said Merchants the Sale of their Goods, to their great Damage ; We, not willing that the Merchants Strangers that come with their Merchandises into our said Realm and Lands, for the common Profit of the same, shall be in such Manner grieved, will, grant and establish, That the said Charter be holden; and that the Barrels, Fardels, and Bales, and the other Goods of the said Merchants, for which they have shewed their Letters that be not suspi.cious, or taken the Oath as it is contained in the same Charter, presently after the Oath taken, or such Letters shewed, their Goods shall be delivered to them without Delay, thereof to make their Profit, without any Thing taking of them over the Custom of Three-pence of the Pound ; so that the Sheriffs, Mayors, Bailiffs, or other

' any MS. Tr. i.

* or 3 given MS. Tr. 2.

. enseal

5 ensealed

de seer od les Meire & Conestables des Estaples, oti ascun des ditz eslutz vendra, doier les pleintes tou. chantz Marchantz aliens, q sront meues devant Its ditz Meire & Conestaples, a totes les foitz q ascun des ditz esluz y vodra estre, & de veer q plein droit soit fait as ditz Marchantz aliens; Issint q les ditz Meire & Conestables ne cessent point daler avant en leur pees, en cas q tieux eslutz ne yviegnent pas: et en cas q debate sourde pentre eux, sr discussion dascune pie ou querele, soit le tenour de celle pie ou querele maunde devant le Chanceller & aut?s de nre conseil, a fminer illoeqes saunz delay. Et soient aussint esluz sys psones, cest assavoir, quatre des aliens dount deux soient Dale-

Majortk

Constabular

Stipule.

Iff

s>

it

t*

j*

maigne, & deux de Lumbardie, & deux Dengletre, qi soient pdes hSmes & dignes de foi, & fecent sement

* Ñ

de faire bien & loialment leur Office ; Cest assavoir, q q*nt & a quele heure ascune question ou debate sourdra ou avendra entre Marchantz, dascune nounresonable leine, ou dascune noundue empakkure, solonc les cove- nantz faites [ou'] lachatour Sc le vendour, q les dites psones, ou quatre de eux, pussent devant le Meire de lestaple & ses Officers p lour dement dire & amender sicome reson vodra, & a eux sr ce soit done credence saunz nul contredit.

Item nous avons ordene & establi, q [ si1 ] nul Mar- chant ou autre face conspiracie, confederacie, covyne, machinacion, ou m'mure ou mal engyn, en nul point q purra tourner a empeschement, destourbance, defe- sance, ou descrees des dites Estaples, ou de rien q a eux apptient ou purra apptenir, (J) & de ce soit atteint de.vant le Meire & Ministres de lestaple, ou au?s queux nous a ce assignerons, encoerge les peines & forfeitures contenuz en le dit tierce Article.

Item come il soit contenue en la Cftre nre ael, gran.tee as Marchantz estranges & p nous confermee, q des Marchandises queles ils amesSont en noz ditz roialme & ties, & des queux iij d. de la livre Sont a paier p les ditz Marchantz estranges, solonc meisme le gÕnte, soit done foi & credence a eux, s' la value des dites marchandises, p Ires queles ils purront monstrer de meismes les biens, de leur Seignours ou compaignons, et sils neient point des tres qils soient cruz p leur sement en celle ptie: & ja done est a entendre a no9 & a nre conseil, p la pleinte des ditz Marchantz, q tout eient ils tres tesmoignantes la value de leur Marchan.dises, les Viscontz, Meires, Baiilifs, & Minists de plu- seurs lieux, les constreignent dejurer p' meismes les Marchandises, contre la forme de leur dite Ctlre; & jalemeins a p's le dement faite ensealent leur bariles, fardeux & bales, pr queux ils ount fait leur 'sement, & les lessent giser quatre jours ou sys issint ensealez, avant qils les voillent veer, & issint ils tolent as ditz Marchantz la vente de leur biens, a g*nt damage de eux ; Nous nient voillantz q les Marchantz estranges, qi viegnent od leur marchandises en noz ditz roialme &

Pres pr coe pfit dycelles, soient en tiele manle grevez, - i ii----- ~ Hire ctlre soit

raffia ii confedna. Sics non fiant in efiraffifli Stapule.

Qdcrdir

tnssiw

cams

mcatq

aliemgcnif.

ids'll

fcA

Canbnl

loan

r-l

trCS p LUC £siu __

si volons, grantons & establissons, q la dite ctlre st

tenue; & q les bariles, fardeux & bales, & les au?s biens

1 - -"nt monstrr

e} & q les Dames, IdiUCUA vÇ wÑÑ, es ditz Marchantz & pr queles ils ount monstree leur

fait le 'Sement,

Ires q ne soient mie suspecionouses, ou come il est contenue en meisme la ctlre, memtenant

Ñ en uiuouiv Ñ _

ips le ÕSement fait, ou deles tres monstrez, soient leur

oiens deliv^s a eux saunz delay, p' ent feire leur pfit,

*Ñ *- -Ktiimc de iij dc

r8 a eux wuu^. -Ñ,, r ... * de

iaunz rien fndre * eu, outre ' J,

iaunz rien pmare uc ___________

la livre ; Issint q les Meires, Viscontz, Baiilifs, ou

1 entre Rot. Ord: MS. Reg: MS. Cott: Printed Copiet. 1 MS. Reg. and Printed Copies omit.

3 et si ascune face, MS. Reg. Printed Copiet.


Hi.

'Si

ÈS

fcV

S

*u

H

DÕpuntooem illo^ qui lan as duxerunt ext* regnu ante ista ordinacoem.

fen

*e,

:ife,

iIbs

!¥>

ftt!

.S

>*i

¥U

ifc

MiÈ

Inti!

its

up;

lift

tti

SB!

**=

ajt

DÕ sumis Majorib) & a:Ô Constabular tfc Stapulaj h. p ofliciis suis L" solvend.

.<

a

iH

m

ft

iii

e

0

0

f

ti

if

a

n

if

t|

i

Ministers, shall meddle no more of the same Goods, upon Pain of Imprisonment, and to pay to the Party grieved by this Cause his quatreble Damages, and as much to Us ; and upon the same, Right shall be done in our Chancery at every ManÕs Complaint.

Ministres plus ne se mellent de meismes les biens, s' peine demprisonement & de paier a la ptie endamagee p celle cause ses damages a quatreble & tant a nous; & s' ce soit droit fait en la Chancel lerie a chescuni pleinte.

Item nous avons ordene & establi q touz ceux qi 9ront convictz qils ount amesne laines, quirs & peaux lanutz as pties de dela encontre la defens & pclamacion ent faites avant la fesance de ceste ordenance, soient ajuggez a la prisone, & encoergent forfait'e de meismes les laines quirs & peaux issint passez, & touz leur au? s biens & chateux, & outre soient reintz a nre volunte.

Item no5 volons g*ntons & ordenons, q totes les choses susdites soient fermement gardez & tenues en toutz pointz, nient contresteant franchise, custume, privilege, exempcion, juggementz, ou auts g'ntes faites as Citees, Burghs, Villes, Coaltees gentz des cynq, portz & au?s portz, ou auts singulers psones qconqes: et en cas q rien soit a amender, ajouster, chaunger ou retreer de nul des pointz avantditz en temps avenir p vVoie cause, nous volons q ce soit fait p {[bone Õ] delitiacion & avys des Grauntz & au?s de nre conseil [en plement; Sauvant en auPs choses as Prelatz, Dues, Countes, Barons, & au?s Seign's leurs foires, marchees, hun- dredes, wapentakes, letes, jurisdiccions, Courtes, fran.chises & privileges, & totes auts choses a eux regar- dantz, es lieux ou les Estaples sont & sront & aillours, aussi avant come ils les avoient avant q les Estaples estoient ordenez. En tesmoignance de quele chose nous avons fait faire cestes noz Ires patentes. Don a Westfn le Lundy & an susditz.

1 MS. Reg. and Old Printed Copies omit.

Ô-Interlined on the Roll.ÑRot. Ord; MS. Reg. omits

ITEM, We have ordained and established, That all XXVII. those that shall be convift that they have carried Wools,

Leather, and Woolfels to the Parts beyond the Sea, ^hich Ibrfore against the Defence and Proclamation thereof made this Statute before the making of this Ordinance, shall be judged to did transport Prison, and incur the Forfeiture of the same Wools, w¡o1- Leather and Woolfels so passed, and of all their other Goods and Chattels, and moreover be ransomed at our Will.

ITEM, We will, grant and ordain, That all the said XXVIII. Things be firmly kept and holden in all Points, not- tj'1'e staple withstanding Franchise, Custom, Privilege, Exemption, Con6rmed s Judgments, or other Grants made to Cities, Boroughs, notwithstand- Towns, Commonalties, People of the Five Ports, and lngFranchises other Ports, or any other singular Persons whatsoever :

And in case that any Thing be to be amended, added, cities or

changed, or withdrawn, of any of the said Points in Time Towns.

to come for a true Cause, we will, that the same be done

by (') Deliberation and Advice of the great Men and

other of our Council [in the Parliament: *] Saving in General

other things to the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, and

other Lords, their Fairs, Markets,Hundreds, Wapentakes, 1 ertKa-

Leets, Jurisdictions, Courts, Franchises, and Privileges,

and all other Things to them pertaining, in the Places

where the Staples be and shall be, and elsewhere, as far

forth as they had them, before that the Staples were

ordained.

In Witness whereof We have caused these our Letters Patents to be made. Given at Westminster the Monday and Year abovesaid.

. good . in Parlement MS. Tr. z.

^DjDtnatto De feoDts S^ajorum $ Constabulartorum Papule.

The Ordinance of the Fees of the Mayors and Constables of the Staple.*

Ex Rot. Stapule: de anno 28 Edw. III. m. 17.

PUR ce q lestaple est ore de novel ordene a detno- rer ppetuelement en Engletre, & home ne avoit au comencement nulles evidences en ?tein, p quelles home purroit assignee ne limiter en ?tein ce q les Meirs & Conestables, en les places la ou les Estaples sont or.denez, deussent p^ndre p an en ctein pr leur tÕvaiil; mes estoit adonqes assentuz p les Seign's & Coes, q de ches- cun sac ?reient levez viij. d. pr le pmer an, & liPez as ditz Meires & Conestables, en les places la ou les dites Estaples sont assignez, quel phner an passa hors a la Goule Daugst darein passe: et ore viegnent tantes de laines ou bien pres au port de Londres, come fount en toutes les auPs Estaples pmy le roialme ; & as as- cuns des au?s Estaples viegnent atantes de laines come a deux ou trois auPs places, si q^ a une F.staple vient plus & a une autre meinz, issint q les Meirs & Conestables dascunes places pnent trop, & en ascunes au?s trop pou, & le poeple est trop chargee de paier viij. d. au sac come desuis est dit, eant regard a la s5me des laines q passent outre meer: et tout le temps q la dite Estaple estoit demorant outre meer, celui qestoit esleu Meire p les Marchantz Engleis, prist une Ptein

FORASMUCH as the Staple is now of late ordained to abide perpetually in England, and at the be.ginning there was no Evidence in certain, by which a Man might assign or limit in certain that that the Mayors and Constables, in the Places where the Staples be ordained, ought to take by Year in certain for their Travail; but it was then assented by the Lords and Commons, That of every Sack should be levied, eight- pence for the first Year, and delivered to the said Mayor and Constables, in the Places where the said Staples be assigned, which first Year passed out at the Gule of August last past: And now comeih as much

Wools, or well nigh as much, to the Port of London, as do in all the other Staples through the Realm, and to some of the other Staples cometh as much of Wools, as to Two or Three of the other Staples, so that to one Staple cometh more, and to another less, so that the Mayor and Constables of some Places take too much, and in other Places too little, and the People be very much charged to pay Eight-pence of a Sack, as afore is said, having regard to the Sum of the Wools that passeth over the Sea : And all the Time that the said Staple was abiding beyond the Sea, he that [is1J chosen Mayor by the Merchants of England, did take a certain

Of the Sumi

to be paid to the Mayors & Constables of the Staples for their Services.

* These Titles are from the Printed Copies and Translations; some of which ascribe this Ordinance to the 28th year of this Reign: It is not inserted in Rot. Ord. 27 Edw. Ill : It was printed, in CayÕs Edition of the Statutes, from MS. Reg. 19 A. XIV; and there is also a Copy in MS. Cott. Nero C.I j as of 27 Edw. III.

VOL. I.

4S

Q/1 I

1/ IT

27¡ Edw. III. Ordinatio de feodis Stapule.

^¥¥0.1353.

by the year; and also it were Reason that it should be so in England, and that in a reasonable manner, every Man according to his Travail, and that the People should not be so much charged: Wherefore It is ordained by the King and the great Men, and by the Advice of all the Council, That no more shall be levied of a Sack but four-pence in no [Part'] from the gule of August last past hitherto, nor from henceforth (*). And that the four-pence of the Sack, in every Place where the Staple is, shall be put in a Box, and sealed with the Seals of the Mayor and Constables, to the Intent that the said Mayor and Constables may be thereof paid of their certain, that they shall take ; and if, at the End of the Year, more be found in the Box than the Fees of the said Mayor and Constables shall amount unto, it shall be safely kept, to pay and [perform Õ] the Fees of the Mayors and Constables in other Staples, where the iiii. d. will not thereto suffice; and if any Thing remain in the said Boxes after the Fees paid, the same Sum Residue shall be saved to the common Profit of the Merchants of the Staple for the Year to come, and for to pay for the Weights made of New, and also for [Payments 4] and other Things necessary touching the Staple. And as much as is levied, in all the Places where the Staples be, over the said Sum of iiii d. of the Sack, after the said Gule of August last past, shall be rebailed and restored to the Uses aforesaid. And the Fees of the Mayor and Constables be ordained and limited in the Form as followeth, that is to say; The Mayor of the Staple of Westminster shall take C. li. (s) and every of the Constables there ten Marks. The Mayor of York, Kingston upon Hull, Norwich, and Winches.ter, every of them xx. li. and every of the Constables of the said Places aC.s; The Mayor of Newcastle upon Tine, Chichester, and of Exeter, x. li. and every of the Constables of those Places, five Marks. And if any of the Mayors and Constables above named, (6) refuse the Office, he shall pay to the Company as much as his Fee shall amount to (7). And Proclamation of the same was made through England the Sixth Day, &c.

And It was commanded to the Mayor and Constables of the Staple of Westminster, that the Ordinance aforesaid, and all and singular the Things in the same contained, in the Staple aforesaid they do cause to be proclaimed and firmly holden. Witness the King at Westminster, the Sixth day of November.

By the King himself and the Council.

In the same Manner it was commanded to the Mayors and Constables of the several Staples throughout England.

And It was commanded to the Sheriff of York, that the Ordinance aforesaid, and all and singular the Things in the same contained, in the Places in his Bailiwick, as well within Liberties as without, where he should see meet, he should cause to be publickly proclaimed and firmly holden. Witness as above.

In the same Manner it was commanded to the several Sheriffs throughout England.

In the same Manner it was commanded to the underwritten, under the same Date, viz.

To Henry Duke of Lancaster or his Steward, or to the Lieu.tenant of the said Steward, in the Duchy aforesaid.

To Thomas Bishop of Durham.

To Bartholomew Burghetsh Constable of the Castle of Dover and Warden of the Cinque Ports, or his Lieutenant.

For making

Proclamation

thereof.

. Port MS. Tr. 2. 1 for the tvme to come MS. Tr. 2.

5 furnish 4 the Pavings

1 and every of the Constables there twenty Pounds. The Mayor of Lintoln forty Marks,

6 after that he he eleBcd ly the Merchants to he Mayor or Constable,

' by the year

______ srou it reson qils feissent en EngletÕre,

& ce en mesurable mafte, chescun solonc son t*vaill, It q le poeple ne feust taunt chargee: P quoi est assentuz p le Roi & les Grantz, p avys de tout le conseil, qhome ne ferra lever du sac forsq, iiij d. en nul port, de la goule daugst darein passe tanq, en cea, ne desore p' le temps avenir : et q les quatre deniers au sac, en ches- cune place ou lestaple est, soient mys en une boyste k ensealez des sealx des Meire n "

-.......... Ç. '-onestables, au

les ditz Meire & Conestables pussent de ce estre

de leur dein qils pndront; et si au fin del an plÇ ^ trovez en la boyste q namonteront les fees des ditz Meire & Conestables, soil sauvemet garde a paier k pfoumir les feez des Meirs & Conestables en auft Estaples, la ou les quatre deniers ne veullent a ce suf fire ; et si rien demoert en les dites boistes ap>s les fees paiez, soit celle some residue sauve au c5muu pfit des Marchantz de lestaple, p' lan avenir, & p' paier p- les poys faitz de novel, & aussint pr [pauementz'] & au?3 choses necessaires touchantes lestaple. Et q*nq est leve en totes les places ou les Estaples sont, outre la dite some de quatre deniers au sac, puis la dite Gule Daugst darein passe, soit rebaillez & restitut al oeps susdit. Et les feez des Meirs & Conestahles sont ordenez & limi. tez en la forme q sensuit, Cest assavoir le Meire de les- taple a Weymonster, p>ndra C.ti. [& chescun des Co- nestables illoeqes, xx. li. le Meir de Nicole, xl. nth,1] et chescun des Conestables illoeqes x. mÔr, les Mein de Everwyk, Kyngeston sr Hull, Norwicz, & Wyncestr, chescun xx. li. et chescun Conestable es dites places, C. s. les Meirs de Noef Chastel s' Tyne, Cicestr, & Dexestr, chescun x. li. et chescun des Constables il- loeqs, v. mÔr. Et si nul des Meirs & Conestables sus- nomez, aps ce qil soit eslu p les Marchantz destre Meir ou Conestable, refuse loffice, paie a la compaignie ataunt come son fee amonteroit p an.

[s Et mand est Majori & Constabular Stapule Westfii, D1 pdamx- qd ordinacoem pdcam, & omia & singula in eadetn eoe inde contenta, in stapula pMca publice pclamari & firmit? teneri fac. T. If apud Westin vj. die Novembr.

p ipm Regem & consiliu.

Eodem modo mand est Majoribj & Constabular singula^ Stapula^ p Angt.

Et mand est vi? Ebor qd ordinac&em p'dfam, it omia & singula in eadem contenta, in lods in balliva sua tarn infra libtates q*m ext* ubi expedire viderit, publice pclamari & firmit teneri fa?. T. ut sup*.

Eodem modo mand est singulis vicecomitib} p Angt.

Eodem modo mand est subscripts sub eadem data,

Duci Lancastr vel ejus Senescallo, aut ejusdem Hi locum tenenti in ducatu p>d?o. po Dunofm.

o de Burgherssh Constabular Castri Devorr it quinq, portuu, vel ejus locum tenenri.*]

u an Erasure, apparently altered from paiementz. auementz. MS. Reg.: paienitz MS. Cat.

Printed Copies omit these Words, t pclamacon de ceo soit fait p my Engf le si. jour embre lan xxvij. MS. Reg.] [&c. Printed Copies.]

Anno 28¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D.1354.

Sratutum St anno Sicrsimo otfatoo fits c. terctj.

The STATUTE of The Twenty-eighth Year of King Edward III.*

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 14.

NOSTRE Seignour le Roi a son plement tenuz a Weymonster le Lundy p>schein ap>s la feste de Seint Marc Lewangelist, lan de son regne DenglePre vint & oetisme, & de Pnce quinzisme, a lonr de Dieu & de Seinte Eglise, h pr coe pfit de lui & de son poeple, de lassent des Prelatz, Princes, Dues, Contes, Barons, & la Coe de son roialme illoeqes asserablez, ad ordene & establi les points souzescriptz.

PreiSement q la g*nt Chartre & la Chartre de la Foreste, & touz aurs estatutz avant ces heures faitz & usez, soient gardez & meintenuz en touz pointz.

Item, acorde est & establi, q touz les Seign's de la Marche de Gales soient ppetuelement entendantz & annexes a la corone DenglePre, come ils & leur aun- cesPs ount este de tout temps avant ces heures, & nounpas a la Principalte de Gales, en qi mains q meisme la Principalte soit ou devendra aps ses heures.

Item, q nul home, de quel estate ou condicion qil soit, ne soit oste de Pre ne de ten, ne pris, nemprisone, ne deshite, ne mis a la mort, saunz estre mesne en respons p due pees de lei.

Item prce q Eschetours & autres MinisPs le Roi q ount fait Iiv*ee p mandement du Roi de sa Chancellerie, des Pres & tehz q estoient pris en la main le Roi p la mort des tenantz qi tindrent de lui, a les heirs, & au?s, as queux les ditz Pres & teiiz depoient descendre, revta, ou remaindre, ount este chargez en lescheqer des fermes h des rentes, dount les Pmes des paiementz estoient avenir aps la liPee faite, p' la rate & lafferant du temps q meismes les Pres ou teiiz estoient en la main le Roi: Acorde est, q des Manoirs, Citees, Burghs, villes, hundredes, f*nchises & totes auPs Pres & tehz dount pfitz sourdent de temps en temps pmi lan, come de Molins, herbage, tolune, plees & purchaces de Court, & au?s tieux issues & pfitz, chescun Eschetour, & autre Ministre qi tieux Pres & tehz avWt seisiz al oeps le Roi, soit tenuz de respondre au Roi pr la rate et laf.ferant du temps solonc launcien cours de Lescheqer; et q daunciens fermes & rentes q sont a paier as Pteins Pmes, come rente sec, & rente svice dount nul pfit sourde tanq, au jour du paiement, soient tieles fermes & rentes paiez a ceux qi enount la liv*ee hors de la main le Roi, as Pmes des paiementz des dites fermes & rentes q ensuent aps tiele livee faite, sibien de temps passe come de temps avenir.

Item, acorde est & establi, q feer fait en EnglePre, & feer mesne en EnglePre & illoeqs vendu, ne soit mesne hors du roialme DenglePre sr peine de forfaire le double dePs le Roi: et eient les Justices assignez denquere de laborers, & au?s Justices queux le Roi vodra a ce as- signer, poer denquere de ceux qi vendent le feer a trop cher pris, & de les punir solonc la quantite de Pspas.

OUR Lord the King, at his Parliament holden at Westminster, the Monday next after the Feast of St. Mark the Evangelist, the Year of His Reign, of England the Eight and twentieth, and of France the Fifteenth, to the Honour of God and of Holy Church, and for the com.mon Profit of him and his People, by the Assent of the Prelates, [the Prince,1] Dukes, Earls, Barons, and the Commons of [this Õ] Realm there assembled, hath or.dained and established the Points under written.

FIRST, That the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Forest, and all other Statutes before this Time made and used, be kept and maintained in all Points.

ITEM, It is accorded and established, That all the Lords of the Marches of Wales shall be perpetually attending and annexed to the Crown of England, as they and their Ancestors have been all Times past, and not to the Principality of Wales, in whose Hands soever the same Principality be, or hereafter shall come.

ITEM, That no Man of what Estate or Condition that he be, shall be put out of Land or Tenement, nor taken, nor imprisoned, nor disinherited, nor put to Death, without being brought in Answer by due Process of the Law.

ITEM, Because that Escheators and other the KingÕs Ministers, which have made Livery by the KingÕs Com.mandment from his Chancery, of the Lands and Tene.ments that were taken into the KingÕs Hands by the Death of the Tenants, which held of him, [and Ô] the Heirs and other, to whom the said Lands and Tene.ments ought to descend, revert, or remain, have been charged in the Exchequer of the Ferms and the Rents, whereof the Terms of Payments were to come after such Livery made, for the Rate and Portion of the Time that the same Lands and Tenements were in the KingÕs Hands: It is accorded and established, That of Manors, Cities, Boroughs, Towns, Hundreds, Franchises, and all other Lands and Tenements, whereof Profit doth rise from Time to Time through the Year, as of Mills, Herbage, Toll, Pleas and Profits of Courts, and all such Issues and Profits, every Escheator and other Minister, which hath seised such Lands and Tenements to the KingÕs Use, shall be bound to answer to the King for the Rate and Portion of the Time, according to the old Course of the Exchequer ; and that of ancient Ferms and Rents, which be to be paid at certain Terms, as Rent-Seck, and Rent-Service whereof no Profit riseth till the Day of Payment, such Ferms and Rents shall be paid, to them which have Livery out of the KingÕs Hand, at the Terms of Payments of the said Ferms and Rents, which followeth after such Livery made, as well of the Time past, as of the Time to come.

ITEM, It is accorded and established, That Iron made in England, and Iron brought into England, and there sold, shall not be carried out of the said Realm of England, upon Pain of forfeiting the Double to the King : And the Justices assigned [shall have Power*] to enquire of Labourers, and the other Justices whom the King will thereto assign, shall have Power to enquire of them that sell the Iron at too dear a Price, and to punish them after the Quantity of the Trespass.

I.

Charter! and

Statutes

confirmed.

II.

Lords of Marches of Wales, annexed to the Crown.

III.

None shall be condemned without due Process of Law.

IV.

How the King shall be satisfied of the mean Rates of those Lands which come to his Hands bv the Death of his Tenants.

V.

Iron shall not be exported.

Price of Iron.

1 Princis MS. Tr. 2. 4 Omit these Words.

Ô his

Èto

¥ In the old Printed Copies this is intituled ÔStatutum apud Weftmonafterium de libertatibus Londoniarum :* and in MS. Hurl. 4999i ÔThe Statute of Weft minder of the Liberties of London.Õ See Chapter 10 of the Statute.

VI

Coroner* .hall be chosen by

ITEM, It is ordained and accorded, That all Coro.ners of the Counties shall be chosen in the full Coun.ties by the Commons of the same Counties, of the most ^Commons meet and most lawful People that shall be found in the of the said Counties to execute the said Office: Saved always to the King and other Lords which ought to make such Coroners, their Seigniories and Franchises.

ITEM, It is ordained and established, That the She.riffs of the Counties shall be removed every Year out of their Offices; so that no Sheriff that hath been in his Office by a Year, shall abide in the same Office the Year next following; and that no Commission be made to him thereof, or renewed for the same Year following.

ITEM, It is accorded, That the Writ of Attaint shall be granted from henceforth, as well upon a Bill of Tres.pass, as upon a Writ of Trespass, of Inquests which be to be taken in Time to come, without having Regard to the Quantity of the Damages.

IX. ITEM, Because that the People of the Realm have

Commissions suffered many Evils and Mischiefs, for that Sheriffs of for ukin ÕÕ divers Counties, by virtue of Commissions and general

Inquests to Writs granted to them, at their own Suit, for their indi<3 People, singular Profit to gain of the People, have made and repealed and taken divers Inquests to cause [to indift the People 'J at their Will, and have taken Fine and Ransom of them to their own Use, and have delivered them, whereas such Persons indicted were not brought before the KingÕs Justices to have their Deliverance: It is accorded and established, for to eschew ail such Evils and Mischiefs, That all such Commissions and Writs before this Time made, shall be utterly repealed, and that from hence.forth no such Commissions nor Writs shall be granted.

Counties.

VII.

Sheriffs shall be removed from Office yearly.

VIII. Attaint given in all Cases of Trespass.

prohibited.

X.

Penalty on the Mayor, Sheriffs, and Aldermen of London not redressing of Errors and Mispri.sions there.

Trial of such Defaults shall be by In quell of the adjoining Counties.

Constable of the Tower shall receive and execute "Writs in such Cases. Process of Attachment, Distress, and Kxigent.

ITEM, Because that the Errors, Defaults, and Mis.prisions which be notoriously used in the City of Lon.don, for Default of good Governance of the Mayor, of the Sheriffs, and the Aldermen, cannot be enquired nor found by People of the same City; It is ordained and established, That the said Mayor, Sheriffs, and Aider- men, which have the Governance of the same City, shall cause to be redressed and corrected the Defaults, Errors, and Misprisions above named, and the same duly punish from Time to Time upon a certain Pain ; that is to say, at the first Default a thousand Marks to the King, and at the second Default, two thousand Marks, and at the third Default that the Franchise and Liberty of the City be taken into the KingÕs Hand : And be it begun to enquire upon them at St. Michael next coming, so that if they do not cause to be made due Redress as afore is said, it shall be enquired of their Defaults by Inquests of People of Foreign Counties, that is to say, of Kent, Essex, Sussex, Hertford, Buckingham, and Berks, as well at the KingÕs Suit as others that will complain. And if the [Mayors,Õ3 Sheriffs, and Aldermen be by such Inquests [thereto assigned,^ indidted, they shall be caused to come by due Process before the KingÕs Justices, which shall be to the same assigned, out of the said City, before whom they shall have their Answer, as well to the King as to the Party ; and if they put [them in 4J Inquests, the same Inquests shall be taken by Foreign People as afore is said ; and if they be attainted, the said Pain shall incur and be levied or the said Mayor, Sheriffs and Aldermen, for Default of their Governance ; and nevertheless the Plaintiffs shall recover [the5] Treble Damages against the said Mayor, Sheriffs, and Aldermen. And because that the Sheriffs of Lon.don be Parties to this Business, the Constable of the Tower, or his Lieutenant, shall serve in the Place of the Sheriffs to receive the Writs, as well Originals of the Chancery as Judicials, under the Seal of the Justices, to do thereof Execution in the said City ; and Process shall be made by Attachment and Distress, and by Exigent, if need be; so that at the KingÕs Suit the Exi.gent shall be awarded after the first Capias returned, and at the third Capias returned at the Suit of the Party. And if the Mayor, Sheriff's, and Aldermen have Lands or Tenements out of the City, Process shall be made against them by Attachments and Distresses in the 1 fryfe to be indi&ed a Mayor 3 Not in Original

* lift ms dies on .* their

Iteni> ¡rdene est & estahi; -

a--Ñ0ta.Sli5c-.fc

SmÇ ks Contees, de plus covenahlÕ C5es de gentz q sront trovez es ditz Contees J%' ^ loil1*

Sauve totes foitz au Roi & as dlt¡ffiÇ;

Coroners deivent fee, leur Seignfijf 'J **

Item, ordene est & establi, q jes 8y:v h sotent remuez chescun an hon de Con,eÇ

nul vacant, qad este en son office p un an TÕIs5m' \

<ne.sme loffice lan ftch ensuant et ~ s.on lui ensoit fee ou renovele p' Js c6rais- Item, acorde est & establi 5 brief dan ¥ Un SUaw' fcom, alia, s- bill, dÇ V, com. ,2,Ò/* des enquestes q sent a ftndre en temã . "P35- avoir regard au quantite des damages. Ô

Item, p'ce q Ie poeple du Roialme ad suffer, 1 m.k & meschicfs. do Ç , dc

P ÈW des comissions & briefs gej.l, , *'.

leur seute demesne, p' leur singuler nfir He ¥

pocp1e.onn,K,4pH,di?i':^'dX:

dner les gentz a leur volume, & ount pris fins 8c nut ceons de eux a leur oeps demesne, & les ount defies saunz ce q tieux enditez feussent mesnez devant les Justices le Roi, p' leur ddftnce avoir: Acorde est & establi pÕ tieux malx & meschiefs eschure, q touz tieux comissions & bnefs, avant ces heures faitz, soient outre ment repellez, & q desore nulles tieux comissions ne briefs soient gÒntez.

Item, p'ce q les errours defautes & mesprisions q sont notoirement usez en la Cite de Londres, p' defame de bone govWnt du Meire, des Viscontes & des Alder, mans, ne p'ront estre enquis ne trovez p gentz de meisme la Cite ; Ordene est & establi q les ditz Meire,

Viscontes & Aldermans q ount le govÕnement de la dite Cite, facent redrescer & corriger les defautes, errours & mesprisions susnomez, & les duement punir de temps en temps, s' <?teine peine ; Cest assavoir au p>mer defaut M1. mY au Roi, & a la sale defaut deux mitt marcs, 8t a la tierce defaut, q la franchise de la Cite soit pris en la main le Roi: & soit comence denquere s' eux ala Seint Michel pschein avenir; Issint qsils ne facent dues redrescementz come desus est dit, soit enquis de leur defautes p enquestes de gentz de foreins Contees, Cest assavoir de Kent, Essex, Sussex, Hertford, Buk, & Berk, sibien a la seute le Roi come daut^s qi pleindre se vodront. Et si les Meire viscontes & Aldermans soient p tieux enquestes enditez, soient faitz venir p due pees devant les Justices le Roi, qi Õ3rant a ce assignez, dehors la dite Cite, devant queux ils eient leur respons sibien au Roi come a la ptie ; et sils se mettent en enquestes, soient celles enquestes pris p gentz foreins, come desus est dit ; & sils soient atteintz, soit la dite peine encur- ru, & leve des ditz Meire Viscontes, & Aldermans p' de.faut de leur govViement, & nientmeinz les pleintifs re.covent leur damages au treble v*s les ditz Meire Vis.contes & Aldermans : et p cause q les viscontes de Londres sont pties a ceste busoigne, soit le Conestable de la Tour ou son lieutenant Ministre en lieu des Vis.contes, a receivre les briefs, sibien originals de la Chan, cellerie come judicials souz les sealx des Justices, affaire ent execucion en la dite Cite ; & soit pees fait p attachementz &t p destresces & p exigende si mestiere soit ; Issint q a la seute le Roi soit lexigende agarde ap le phner Capias retourne, & a le tierce Capias retourne, a seute de ptie. Et si les Meire, Viscontz & eient tres ou tenz dehors la Cite, soit pees t s eux p attachementz 6c Ñ Ñ. meisme

la Vjivc,

ãã meismes w5 destresces en


A.D. 1354.

28¡ Edw. III. c. 10Ñ12.

347

S

Wo

S

S

*¥Ç(

*B[*.

Ôft

.*fc.

Èfci,

loft

Mt

ust.

PÈii

rffc

iii

J(ft!

ksitfc

1

102,

its

its

Ç.**

da:

tail

sis:

skt

È"

is$;

lift

nt

Wf

F*

nÇ

Ç3

si

*È

w

I*

P

w)

£*

ii*

r

iÈ

p;

if

b

Contees ou les ?res & tenz sont: et q chescnn des ditz Meire, Viscontes & Aldermans q vendra devant les dites Justices, respoigne singulerement pr lui meis- mes, sibien au pil des auts qi sont absentz come de lui meismes: et ceste ordenance soit tenue ferme & estable, nient contreesteant franchise, privilege, ou custumes qconqes. Et se extend ceste ordenance as auts Citees & Burghs du roialme ou tieux defautes & mesprisions sont usez & nemie duement corrigez ne redrescez; sauve q les enquestes soient prises p gentz foreins de meisme le Contee ou tieles Citees & Burghs sont; et q la peine de ceux des Citees Burghs & villes, q de ce sront atteintz, soit ajugge p descrecion des Justices q a ce €ront assignez.

Item, p'ce q gÔnt clamour & grevouses pleintes sont faitz sibien p aliens come p denzeins q Marchantz & auts passantz pmi le roialme Dengletre od leur mar- chandises & auts biens, sont tuez & derobbez & mee- ment ore plus qils ne soleient, dount remed nad este fait as compleignantz ; nre SeignÕ le Roi, considerant le pfit q p'ra avenir au dit roialme p venue & demoere des Marchantz aliens en meisme le roialme, & les da.mages & meschiefs q a eux & auts sont faitz de jour en autre p tieux homicides & rofebies, & veullant p'voire a la seurte & indempnite des Marchantz & auPs susditz, ad ordene & establi p assent de tout son plement, au fin q Marchantz aliens eient greindre volume & corage de veriir en le dit roialme DengletVe, q remed soit desore fait hastivement, as tieux Marchantz & auts is- sint derobbez, solonc la forme contenue en lestatut nadgairs fait a Wyncestre; cest assavoir, q solempne- ment crie soit fait en toutz Contees, Hundredes, Mar- chees, feires & touz "'it's lieux ou solempne assem.ble de gentz sra, Issint q nul p ignorance se pusse excuser, q chescune pais issint desoremes soit garde, q meintenant aps robbies & felonies faites soit fait fresshe seute de ville en ville, & de pais en pais; et enquestes soient auxint si mestiere soit prises en villes p celui q est sovein de la ville, & puis en hundredes franchises & en Contees, & ascune foitz en deux, trois ou quatre Contees, en cas qÒnt felonies sront faites en marches des Contees, Issint q meffesours pussent estre atteintz. Et si le pais de tieu marine de meffesours ne respoigne, la peine 'sra tiele, q chescune pais cest assavoir gentz en pais demorantz respoignent des robbies faites & des damages; issint q tout le hundred ou la robbie 'sra faite, ove les franchises q sont deinz la p'ceinte de meisme le hundred, respoignent de la robbie faite ; & si la robbie soit faite en divises de deux hundredes, respoignent ambedeux les hundredes ensemblement od les franchises: & plus long Vme nava le pais a pÕs la robbie faite ou felonie, q quarant jours deinz les queux il covient qils facent gre de la robbie ou del meffait, ou qils respoignent des corps de meffesours.

Item, p' ce q la mene gent du Roialme & pluseurs auts se sont cSpleintz des grevances q leur sont faites, de ce q les p'veours nre Seign' le Roi, ma dame la Roigne, du Prince, & des auts, ount pris de eux leur biens vivres & vitailles, & les en ount bailie tallies, as- signantz a eux jour & lieu de receivre leur paiement, en foreins k lointismes lieux, ou ils ount despendu la value de la chose issint pris de eux ou le double, avant qils eient receu leur paiement, k sovent ount failli de tout; le Roi veullant p'voire de remed contre tieles gre.vances, ad ordene & establi p' quiete k eese de son poeple, q de totes p'veances q sont ou sront faites a son oeps ou al oeps dautri, deinz la soume de vint souldz,

wane Counties where the Lands or Tenements be : And

that every of the said Mayors, Sheriffs, and Aldermen

which do appear before the said Justices, shall answer

particularly for himself, as well at the Peril of other

which be absent, as of himself: And this Ordinance

shall be holden firm and stable, notwithstanding any

Manner of Franchise, Privileges, or Customs : And this ProviÇionÇ

Ordinance shall extend to all Cities and Boroughs of the (o

Realm where such Defaults or Misprisions be used, and Q(ift 1D(j

not duly correfted nor redressed; saving that the In- Boroughs.

quests shall be taken by Foreign People of the same

County where such Cities or Boroughs be: And that

the Pain of those of the said Boroughs and Towns,

which shall be thereof attainted, shall be judged by

the Discretion of the Justices which shall be thereto

assigned.

ITEM, Because that great Clamour and grievous Inere^0f Complaints be made, as well by Aliens as by Denizens, Murdert uul that Merchants and other passing through the Realm of ttobbrne*. England with their Merchandises and other Goods, be slain and robbed, and namely now more than they were wont, whereof Remedy hath not been made to the [Complaints ;'] Our Lord the King, considering the Profit which may come to the said Realm by coming and abiding of the said Merchants Aliens in the same Realm, and the Damage and Mischief which to them and other is done daily by such Manslaughters and Robberies, and willing to provide for the Surety and Indempnity of Merchants and other aforesaid, hath ordained and. esta.blished, by the Assent of all his Parliament, to the Intent that Merchants Aliens shall have the greater Will and Courage to come into the said Realm of England^ [and !] that Remedy from henceforth be speedily made to such Merchants and other robbed, according to the Form Confirmation contained in the Statute late made at Winchester; that *nd Al"tnd- is to say, that solemn [CryJ] be made in all Counties, gunne of' Hundreds, Markets, Fairs, and all other Places where Wincbritcr, [solemn Assembly *] of the People shall be, so that none 13 Edw, I. by Ignorance shall excuse him, that every Country from ct,aPter *È *¥ henceforth be so kept, that immediately after Felonies and Robberies done, fresh Suit be made from Town to Town, and from Country to Country ; and Inquest, if need be, shall be also taken in the Towns by him which is Sovereign of the Town, and after in Hundreds,

Franchises, and in the County, and some time in Two,

Three, or Four Counties, in case when Felonies shall be done in the Marches of the Counties, so that the Offenders may be attainted. And if the Country do not answer of such Offenders, the Pain shall be such, that every Country, that is to say, the People dwelling in the Country, shall answer of the Robberies done, and of the Damages; so that all the Hundred where the Robbery shall be done, [or SJ the Franchises which be within the Precinft of the same Hundred, shall answer of the Robbery done; and if the Robbery be done in the Division of two Hundreds, both Hundreds shall answer together with the Franchises: And longer Term shall not the Country have after the Robbery or Felony done, than Forty Days; within which them behoveth to [make Gree of6] the Robbery, or of the Offence, or that they answer of the Bodies of the Offenders.

ITEM, for that the mean People of the Realm, and XII. divers others have complained of the grievances done to them, because the Purveyors of our Lord the King, (*) the Queen, and of the Prince, and of other, have taken of them their Goods, [Livings *] and Viffuals, and thereof have delivered them Tallies, assigning to them a day and place to receive their Payment at foreign places and far off, where they dispensed the value of the thing so taken of them, or the double, before that they have received their Payment, and oftentimes have failed of all; the King willing to provide a remedy against such Grievances, hath ordained and established, for Purveyance* the quietness and ease of his People, that of all ,0 KingÕ* Purveyances which be or shall be made to his use, or lindcr to any others use, within the Sum of Twenty Shillings,

1 Complainants 1 Omit this Word. J Proclamation

4 great Resort 1 with 6 agree for

r my Lady- MS. Tr. 2. * Ptoviunu

VOL. I.

4 T

.hall be paid Payment shall be thereof made incontinently upon the for direfliy: Purveyance made, without delivering any Tally [for any All other. Day or piace elsewhere to be thereof assigned;'] and !P,h'D 1 that of other Purveyances made to the Sum of Twenty ot a3 Year. Shillings and above, Payment shall be made within a Quarter of a Year then next following after such Purvey.ances made, at certain Days and Places, according as it may be most for the Ease and less Travel of the People.

XIII. ITEM, It is accorded and established, That all the o?the SuHe Ordinances made in the great Council holden at West- 17 Edw. III. minster, the Monday next after the Feast of Saint Mat- Statute i, thew the Apostle last past, together with certain Decla- confirmed, rations and Additions made in this present Parliament Amendment. kept and holden for a Statute to endure for

ever, which Declarations and Additions do follow in this Stat. Stap. Manner : Whereas it is contained in the said Ordinances, È7 Edw. III. yjjgj every Merchant that selleth his Wools at the Staple, shall be bound to warrant the packing of the Idt.i. same Wools: and if a Plea [of1] Debate be moved before the Mayor of the Staple, betwixt the Merchants or Ministers of the same, and thereupon to try the Truih thereof an Inquest or Proof [shall be3] taken, then if both Parties be Aliens, it shall be tried by Aliens; and if both Parties be Denizens, it shall be tried by Denizens; but if the one Party be Denizen, and the other Alien, half of the Inquest or of the Proof shall be Id.e.n. of Denizens, and the other half of Aliens; and also that no Merchant, Privy nor Stranger, nor other of what Condition that he be, shall go by Land nor by Water to meet [such Ships charged with 4] Wines, Wares, or other Merchandises coming into the Realm of England, nor other Lands of the KingÕs, in the Sea, or elsewhere, for to forestall, buy, or in other Manner [giving them Earnests] before that they come to the Staple, or to the Port where they shali be discharged, nor enter the Ships for such Cause till the Merchandises be set to Land [for Warranty of to sell"] : It is accorded and established. That the War- Woolsg¡f ranty ¡? Packing of Wools, for divers Mischiefs which repealed. the Commons have thereof perceived, shall wholly be out; and that no Man be holden to make such War.ranty, unless it be by covenant made by Deed ensealed. Also that no Man other than a Merchant Denizen or Alien, that knoweth (7) the Laws and Usages of the Staple, used (*) before that the said Ordinances of the Staple were made, shall be charged by the same Laws All Inquests and Usages till they be declared in Parliament: And Medicate that in all Manner of Inquests and Proofs which be to

Lingux. be taken or made amongst Aliens and Denizens, be they whereever Merchants or other, as well before the Mayor of the Aliens are Staple as before any other Justices or Ministers, although

antes. the King be Party, the one half of the Inquest or Proof

shall be (Õ) Denizens, and the other half of Aliens, if so many Aliens [and Foreigners 'Ò] be in the Town or Place where such Inquest or Proof is to be taken, that be not Parties, nor with the Parties in Contracts, Pleas, or other Quarrels, whereof such Inquests or Proofs ought to be taken; and if there be not so many Aliens, then shall there be put in such Inquests or Proofs as many Aliens as shall be found in the same Towns or Places which be not thereto Parties, nor with the Parties, as afore is said, and the Remnant of Denizens, which be good Men, and not suspicious to the one Party nor to the other: The Freedom And that no Manner of Ship, which is fraught towards ki A[ien England or elsewhere, be compelled to come to any

secured Tn Port of England, nor [here ÒJ to abide, against the Will

coming to of the Masters and Mariners of the same, or of the Mer-

England and chants whose the Goods be : And if such Ships come

diooÕh ttleÔr of their own good Will, or be driven by Tempests, or other Misfortune or Mischief, to any Port in England,

1 or day or place therof elliswher assigning ; MS. Tr. 2.

Õor * is to be 4 Not in Original.

3 to give earnest upon them, 6 to be sold

7 not * bi elliswher MS. Tr. 2.

9 of AIS. Tr. 2. 10 Omit these Words.

Ò there MS. Tr. 2.

paiement en soit fat meintenant s' la p'veance fate, saunz taille bailler, ou jour &c lieu aillouts ern asagntt; et q dauts p'veances faites, de la soume de vim souldz & outre, paiemet soit fait deinz le quarter del an p>scheia ensuant ap>s les p'veances faites, as Stems jour It iim

solonc ce qils purront estre plus eisez & a mdndie t*vaill du poeple.

Enseraent, acorde est & establi q

4 Wes les ordenancts

faues en gm consol tenuz a Weymons?, le Lun, p'sehem aps la feste de Seim Matheu LapJ, I? passe, ensemblement ove ascunes declaracions & ances faites en ceste p>sem plement, soient fl gardez & tenuz p' estatut a durer a touz mt^ T dedaracions & ajoustance, sensuent en cesteÕ X Come contenue soit en les dites ordenances S ZL Marchant q vend ses leines a lestaple soit Z de Ò ranter lempakkure de meismes les leines; et qsi pie ª debate soit meu devant le Meire de lestaple, entre le,

Marchantz ou MinisVs dycelle, & s' ce p' trier ent la v ite, enqueste ou proeve soit apddre, si lune ptie & lautre soit estrange, soit trie p estranges, & ,i lTOe ^

& lautre soit denzein, soit trie p denzeins, et Ç lune ptie soit denzeine & lautre aliene, soit lune moite del enqueste ou del pve ie denzeins & lautre moite des aliens; Et aussint q nul Marchant prive ne estrange nautre de quele condidon qil soit, aille p tVe ne p ewe dencontrer vins, Sices, nauYs marchandises venantz en le roialme DengletVe, nen auŽs tres du Roi, en meer naillours, p' les forstaller, achater, ou en autre marie arrer, avant qils viegnent a lestaple ou au port ou ils €ront deschargez, ne entre les niefs p dele cause tanq, les marchandises soient mises a la ?re p' vendre : Acorde est & establi q la garrantie dempak- kure de laines p' dieses meschiefs q la coe en ad sentu soit de tout ouste; et q nul home soit tenuz affaire tiele garrantie, sil ne soit p covenant taille p fait ensele: et aussint q nul home autre q Marchant denzein ou alien q ne conust les leis & usages de les.taple usez p aillours devant q les dites ordenances de lestaple estoient faites, soit chargee p meismes les leis & usages, tanq els soient declarrez en plement: et q en tote inane denquestes 81 proeves q sont a pndre ou affaire entre aliens et denzeins, soient ils Marchantz ou auPs, sibien devant le Meire de lestaple, come de.vant qconqv auts Juges ou Ministres, tout soit le Roi ptie, soit la moite del enquest ou del prove de den.zeins, & lautre moite des aliens, si tantz des aliens soient en la ville ou lieu ou tiele enqueste ou prove soit apndre, q ne soient mie pties ne od les pties, en contraftes, plees, ou au?s quereles dount deles en- questes ou proves deivent estre pris; et si tantz des aliens ne ysoient point, adonqs soient mis en tieux enquestes & proeves tantz des aliens come sront tiovez en meismes les villes ou lieux, q a ce ne soient pas pties, ne od les pties come devant est dit, & le rema- nant de denzeins q soient pdes homes & ment suspe- cionouses a lune ptie ne a lautre . et q nulle ma de nief q soit frette dev's Engletre ou mdours, soit artee de venir a nul port DengletVe, ne y emorer, centre le gre des Meists & Mariners dycelle, ou des Marchantz as qux les biens sont Õ et a ¡ niefs viegnent de gre, ou soient chacez p tempes, autre infortune ou meschief, a ascun port e g

28 ¡A thÔrt StatUtC' rc,ating to the Staple, is entered on Hot. Stop. 28 EJ-w. III. m. ao, as a separate Aft of

M.m.viu inthr"llUe Ô^ccJara£B quondam Articulo^ Stapule.Õ It is also inserted in the Manuscript Colleaion of Statutes

19. tn the Library of the University of Cambridge, as a separ '

a rs _ C

1 nr

28¡ Edw. III. c.J3Ñ15.

349

& les Meis?s Mariner*, ou Marchantz de meismes les niefs, veullent vendre & deliver ptie de leur marchan- dises p leur bone volunte, bien Iise a chescuny deles marchandises achater franchement, saunz empesche- ment en le port ou deles niefs vendront, tout ne soient les marchandises mises a la tVe p' vendre: Issint totes foitz q nul Marchant nautre ne voise p tVe ne p ewe dencontrer deles niefs chargez de marchandises, de forstaller meismes les marchandises, ou de les arrer p voie de forstallerie, s' les peines contenues en le tierce article des dites ordenances; si q les Meis?s, Mariners & Marchantz ap*s ce qils avÕont issint vendu ce q leur plerra de leur ditz biens, & paie ent la cusrume, pus- sent franchement deptir & aler, ove leur niefs & tout le remanant de leur biens p la ou leur plerra, saunz custume ent paier: et q nul de quele condicion qil soit p art ne p engyn ne face ne mette destourbance a nulle nief chargee de marchandie de venir a nul port Deftgletre, forsq, au port ou les Meists, MariSs & Marchantz veullent proement de gre arriver; ne ap>s ce qils sront arrivez se melle de la vente de meismes les marchandises, ne ne destourbe les Marchantz ne leur svantz qils ne pussent meismes p leur mains ppres solonc ce q meultz leur semblera pr leur pfit demesne, vendre & deliver leur marchandises a quele heure & as queux q meultz leur plerra j et si nul y mette destourbance, encourge gref forfait'e de$s le Roi solonc la quantite du tspas.

Item, acorde est & establi q monstreson de laines soit faite a lestaple chescun jour de la simeigne, fors. pris le dimenge, & les solempnes festes del an; et q nulle monstreson ne vente de laines ne soit faite en.viron lestaple de trois lewes, fors tantsoulment a les.taple, s' la peine contenue en le tierce article des dites ordenances de lestaple; sauve totes foitz q chescun Seign' & autre home q marchant pusse franchement herbger, monstrer & vendre ses laines q sont de sa ppre cressance, en sa meson demesne ou aillours ou lui plerra.

Aussint, acorde est & establi q lestaple de Weymon- ster comence sa bounde a Templebarre, & se extend tanq, a Totehill; & aussint en auts Citees & villes, ou les Estaples sont, soient les boundes de meismes les estaples deinz les m'es ou les Citees & villes sont m'ees ou encloses ; et en les Citees & villes, q ne sont pas m'ez ne encloses, soient les boundes des dites Estaples pmy tote la ville.

and the Masters, Mariners, or Merchants of the same Ships will sell or deliver Part of their Merchandises with their good Will, it shall be lawful for every Man to buy such Merchandises freely without Impeachment, in the Port where such Ships shall come, albeit the said Mer.chandises be not put to Land to sell; So always that no Penalty on Merchant nor other shall go by Land nor by Water to inl>

meet such Ships charged with Merchandises, to forestall Merchandize, the same Merchandises, or [to give them Earnest 'J by Way of forestalling, upon the Pains contained in the third Article of the said Ordinances ; so that the Masters,

Mariners, and Merchants, after that they have sold that which pleaseth them of their said* Goods, and paid thereof the Custom, may freely depart, and go with Customs shall their Ships and all the remnant of their Goods whither Y

it shall please them, without Custom thereof to be paid :

And that none, of what Condition that he be, by Art or Engine, [shall disturb Õ] any Ship charged with Merchan.dises to come to any Port of England, but to the Port where the Masters, Mariners, and Merchants will first of their free Will arrive; nor, after they have arrived, shall meddle with the Sale of the same Merchandises, nor disturb the Merchants nor their Servants, that they may not themselves by their own Hands, according as to them best shall seem for their Profit, sell and deliver their Merchandises at what lime and to whom it shall them best please; and if any set Disturbance, he shall incur a grievous Forfeiture to the King according to the Quantity of the Trespass.

ITEM, It is accorded and established, That shewing of Wools shall be made at the Staple every Day of the Week, except the Sunday and solemn Feasts of the Year ; and that no shewing nor sale of Wools be made within three Miles about the Staple, but only at the Staple, upon the Pain contained in the third Article of the Ordinance of the Staple: Saving always that every Lord and other Man than a Merchant, may freely lodge, shew and sell his Wools, which be of his own grow.ing, in his own House or other Place where pleaseth him.

XIV.

Shewing of Wools at the Staple ; on what Days; within what Distance of the Staple. Saving of Home-grown Wools.

ITEM, It is accorded and established, That the Staple Bou^'of of Westminster shall begin his Bound at Temple-bar, t|le gtapXeÈ. and extend to Tutehill; and also in other Cities and Towns where Staples be, the Bounds of the same Sta.ples shall be within the Walls, where the Cities and Towns be walled or enclosed; and in the Cities or Towns, which be not walled nor inclosed, the Bounds of the said Town.

1 to give Earnest upon them 1 make nor set disturbance to

Anno 31¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D.1357.

£>tatutÕ efcttu apuD amestmÕ Die 5Lune pÕ*Õ po0t septtmana #asrt)t,

anno jejejej.

The STATUTE made at WESTMINSTER,

The Monday next after the Feast of Easter, in the thirty-first year.

Ex magno Rot. Slat, in Turr. Lond. m. 13.

AL honr de Dieu & de Seinte Esglise, si est acorde p nre Seign' le Roi, Prelatz, Countes, Barons, & tote la coe du roialme Denglet re, en cest p'sent ple- ment, tenuz a Westm le Lundy pschein aps la symayne du Pasa, lan du regne nre dit Seign' le Roi Edward, Dengletre trent & primer & de France disoitisme.

En primes q la g'nte Chartre & la Chartre de la Foreste soient fermement gardes, tenuz, usez & exe- cutz en touz pointz.

Statute the First.

TO the Honour of God and Holy Church, It is accorded by our Lord the King, the Prelates,

Earls, Barons, and all the Commonalty of the said Realm of England, in [the1] Parliament holden at Westminster the Monday next after the Week of Easter, the Year of the Reign of our Lord King Edward, of England the one and thirtieth, and of France the xviii.

FIRST, That the Great Charter and the Charter of charters the Forest be firmly kept, holden, used, and executed confirmed, in all Points.

1 this present MS. Tr. 2.

The Price of Wools shall not be abated by Cqvin.

Standard Balances and Weights shall be sent to every County.

III.

Discharge of E-treats of FelonsÕ Goods in the Exchequer.

iv.

Extortion of BishopÕs Officers on Probate of Testaments. The Bishops shall amend the same ; or the King's Justices shall enquire thereof.

V.

The Contents of a Tun of Wine, and the gauging thereof.

VI.

See Statute

2 j Edtv. III.

it. i.c.6.

Fines from Labourers given to Lords of Franchises.

VII.

Statute of Labourers extended to

London, &c. Justices assigned to try Offences against the Staple.

ITEM, Whereas at the grievous Complaint of the Commons of the Realm of England, it was shewed, that the Merchants which buy Wool in Fairs and Mar.kets, and other Places, by Covin and Consent betwixt them, do abate the Price of Wools, and use other Weight than is ordained by the Statute before this Time, in Annoyance of the People ; It is accorded and established, That Proclamation be made through the Realm, that no Merchant do such Covin, upon a grie.vous Forfeiture; and if any do against the same after the Proclamation, the King shall assign his Justices to enquire at the Suit of the Party of all that do such Covin, and to hear and determine for the King and for the Party. And that certain Balances and Weights of Sack, Half Sack, and Quarter, Pound, Half Pound, and Quarter, according to the Standard of the Exchequer, be sent to all Sheriffs of England, betwixt this and the Nativity of St. John next coming ; so that they, such Balances and Weights received, shall make open Pro.clamation throÕ all their Counties, that every Man that will have such Balances and Weights, shall come to the Sheriff before Michaelmas, to make their Balances and Weights according to the said Standard at their Costs, without any Thing giving to the Sheriff for to have Assay or Example of the said Balances and Weights; and that from [henceforth '] none shall sell nor buy by other Weight, and if any do against the same, he shall be punished by Fine at the KingÕs Will.

ITEM, If any Man or Town be charged in the Ex.chequer, by Estreats of the Justices, of the Chattels of Fugitives and Felons, and will alledge in Discharge of him another which is chargeable, he shall be heard, and [Right done to the other.Õ]

ITEM, Whereas the Ministers of Bishops and other Ordinaries of Holy Church, take of the People grievous and outragious Fine for the Probate of Testaments, and for the making of Acquittances thereof; the King hath charged the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the other Bishops, that they cause the same to be amended ; and if they do not, It is accorded, That the King shall cause to be inquired by his Justices of such Oppressions and Extortions, to hear them and determine them, as well at the KingÕs Suit, as at the Suit of the Party, as in old Time hath been used.

ITEM, Whereas it is ordained by a Statute, That the Tuns of Wine ought to contain a certain Number of Gallons, according to the old Gauge, and now they be diminished for Default of the GaugerÕs Office evil used, to the great Damage of the People ; It is accorded and established, That the said Statute shall be holden and kept in all Points; and moreover, if any sell a Tun or Pipe of Wine not gauged, that the said Seller shall forfeit the same Wine, or the Value to the King.

ITEM, Whereas by a Statute late made it was or.dained, That the Issues, Fines, and Amerciaments of Servants, Artificers, and other Workmen, judged before Justices of Labourers, should be to the King after the three Years of the triennial Quinzime then granted to the King by the Commons of the Realm : It is accorded and assented. That the Lords of Franchises, which have Issues, Fines, and Amerciaments of Labourers, by Point of Charter or in other Manner, shall from henceforth have the said Fines, Issues, and Amerciaments, (J) that to [him4] pertaineth, as long as the [justice5] of La.bourers doth endure. So always that the said Lords make Contribution to the Payment of the Fees of such Justices of Labourers, according to the Rate of the Pro.fits that they do take.

ITEM, It is accorded, That the Statute of Labourers be as well holden in the City and the Suburbs of Lon.don, and in the Five Ports, and all manner other Fran.chises, as elsewhere in England : And that the King assign his Justices to enquire, hear, and determine of those that have [brought0] Wools, Leather, and Wool- fels to the Parts beyond the Sea, and thereof have done Covin and Excess, and otherwise attempted against the Ordinances and the Form of the Statute of the Staple.

Ô thenceforth * moreover Right he done.

3 of Laborers MS. Tr. 2. * them

s Justiciarie 6 carried

Item come a la gref compleinte de la Coe du roialme DengletVe soit monstre, q les Marchauntz qi achatent laines en feyres & marchez & aillo's p covyne & consent entre eux, abbessent le pris de laynes & usent autre pois q nest ordine p estatut devantÕces heures, en arerissement du poeple; Si est acorde & establi q pclamacion soit faite p tote le Roialme, S nul Marchaunt face tiele covyne s' gref forfait'e . nul face a lencontre ap>s la pclamacion faite, le Rtf assignera ses Justices denquere a suyte de ptie de touz qi font tiele covyne, & doier & Vminer pÕ ]e Roi & pr la ptie. Et q Seines belaunces & pois, de sac dimv sac & quarter, livre, dimy livre & quartU, acordauntz a lestandard de lescheqier, soient mandez as touz vis. contz DengletVe, entre cy et la Nativite Seim Johan {vsehein aven!, Issint qils receues les dites belances & pois, facent pclamacion p touz lour Counteez, q dies cun qi voudra aV tieu belances & pois viegne au viscont devant le Seint Michel, de faire lour belances & pois acordantz au dit estandard, a lour coustam saunz nen don! au visconte p' lassay ou lensample dÇ dues belances & pois aV; & q desadonqes nul ne vende nachate P autre pois, et si nul face a lencountre soit puny p fyn a la volente le Roi.

item, si nul home ou villee soit charge en lesche- qier, p estrete des Justices, des chateux des futifs & de felons, & voet allegger en descharge de lui autre 4 soit chargeable, soit oi & outre fait droit.

Item, come les ministV des Evesqes, & au?s ordi.naire de seinte Esglise, pregnent du poeple grevouses & oufgeouses fynes, pÕ le peve des testamentz, & p les acquitances ent faire; le Roi ad charge Lerceves- qes de Cantbirs & les autV Evesqes qils en a mettent amendement; & sils ne facent, acorde est q le Roi fra enquere p' ses Justices des tieux opp>ssions & ex- torsions, & de les oier & Vminer, sibien a la suyte le Roi come de ptie come auncienement ad este use.

Item, come ordine soit p estatut, q les tonelx de vin duissent contenl c?tein nombre des galons solonc laun. ciene gauge, & ore ils sont amenusez p defaute del office de gauge malement use, a g*nt damage du poeple; Acorde est & establi, q le dit estatut soil tenu & garde en touz pointz; & outre ceo si nul vende tonel ou pipe de vin nient gauge, q le vendout forface mesme le vin ou la value deVs le Roi, Item, coment q p estatut nadgairs fait fuist ordine, q les issues fins & anicimentz des Õsvantz, artificers & auVs ovWrs, ajuggez devant Justices des laborers, sroient au Roi aj^s les trois anns de la quinzismf triennale, adonqes gÕnte au Roi p la coe de sot roialme; Acorde est & assentu, q les Seign's de fraunchises, qi out fins issues & amciementz p point de chartre ou en autre marie, eient desore enavant le dites fins issues & aniciementz des laborers, q a eu> apptiegnent de droit, tant come la Justice des laborer dure: Issint totes voies q les ditz Seign's facent con tribucion a paiement des feez de tieux Justices de laborers, solonc lafferant des pfitz qils enp>ndront Item, acorde est q lestatut des laborers soit ausabier tenuz en la Citee & Its Suburbes de Loundres ÕÇ les Cynk portz & au?s franchises qeconqes come at en Engletre : Sr q le Roi asagne ses josnees tel* *. ter Sr pminer, d, ceux quirs & peanx lanmz Ò f'cs de d Õ ã |c

covyne & excesses, Si autremem aiiunp .

ordinances & la forme de lesratat


31¡ Edw. III. Stat. 1. c.8Ñ12.

Hi

S

*>*

^iÈ

.%i

Èa$

lit,

sat,

?Çi>

kii:

:*ii,

t

bn

*SÈ

m

ijb

aiB

.jil

mk

nil

isi

mu

an

Ç.

P-

SCI

dll

tw

h,i

its

as:

3SS

P

til 0!

ÔIf

-i"

srf

S>

01 0* if ill li If if l> f>

f

Item, acorde est & assentu p' coe pfit & ese du poeple q cliescan Marchant & autre, sibien alien come denzein, puisse amen! as pties de dela ';q soient de lamiste Ie Roi, laines quirs & peaux lanutz, del quint jour de Maij pschein aveni, tanqs a la feste de Seint Michel p>schein seuant, paiant p' chescun sik cynqant souldz, & pr trois Centz peaux lanutz atant, & pr le last des quirs Cent soldz, p' la custume & subside dicels : et q nul Marchant nautre qi achate laines face autre refuys des laines q ne soleit estre fait devant ces heures; cest assaa? de Cot, Gare & vileine tuson ; et q chescun sac contiegne rint & sis peres, & chescum pere quatorze livres, solonc le pois de lestandard de Les- cheqier, & nemy plus ne meins: et q totes les laines peaux & quirs, achatez en paiis soient amenez a les estaples, & illoeqes demoergent a meins quinz jors ; & si eles ne puissent illeoqes estre venduz ou deliPs deinz les quinz jo's, soient amesnez as portz ordines pr les estaples, a passer dilleoqes as pties susdites, paiantz les custumes & subsids avantdites : & q nulles lains vendables soient herbgez monstrez ne vendues deinz trois lewes de lestaple, forsq, en mesme lestaple; sauve q chescun Seign', & autre home q marchaunt, puisse fraunchement herfeger monstrer & vendre ses laines q sont de sa ppre cressaunce en sa meson demesne & aillo's ou lour plerra.

Item, acorde est & establi q les Chaunceller & Tre- sorier qi p' temps 'Sront, ove lavis dauts du conseil le Roi, eient poer dalloigner le ?me du passage des laines, qÕnt ik vYont q meister 9ra.

Item p' ceo q les pessoffs, Bochers, Pole?s, & auts vendours des vitailles en la Citee de Loundres, p colo[ dauscunes chartres, & par malveis intpretacion des as- cunes estatutz faitz en avantage du poeple q chescun home porra franchement vendre ses vitailles sanz des- tourbance, saunz ceo q Maire, viscontes, ou auts Mi- nistres se deivent meller de la vente; Acorde est & assentu q chescun home q amene vitailles, queu qils soient, al a dite Cite p tre ou p eawe les puisse fran.chement vendre a qi q lui plerra, sanz estre destourbe ou empesche p pessoner, Bocher, Poleter, ou autre quicunqes ; et q les Maire & Aldermans de la dite Cite puissent reuler & redrescer les defautes des pessoners, Bochers, & Polets, come ils font ceux qi vendent pain, vin St cvois; nient contresteant chartres de franchises, estatutz, custumes, ou auts privileges, faitz ou usez a contfire: et q les dites Maire & Aldermans le facent & mettent en execucion, s' peine nadgairs ordine tochante la Cite de Londres, Issint q le punissement des tieux ne soit faite p cause de singuler pfit.

Item, acorde est & assentu q en cas ou home devie intestat, les ordinairs facent depuf de plus p*scheins & plus loialx amis du mort intestat, p' administrer ses biens; les queux deputez eient accion a demander & recover come executo's les dettes dues au dit mort intestat, en la Court le Roi, pÕ administrer & despen- dre p' lalme du mort; et respoignent auxint, en la Court le Roi, as auts as queux le dit mort estoit tenuz & obligez, en mesme la man!e come executo's respon- dront; et soient accountables as ordinairs, si avant come executo's sont en cas de testament, sibien de temps passe come de temps avenir.

Item, acorde est et establi q en touz cas touchauntz le Roi cu auts psones, ou home se pleinte derrour fait [en pees1 ] en Lescheqier, les Chaunceller & Tresorer facent venir devant eux, en ascune chambre du conseil [joust Lescheqier,1J le record du pees hors deLescheqier,

, l Interlined on the Roil.

ITEM, It is accorded and assented, for the common Profit and Ease of the People, That every Merchant and other, as well Alien as Denizen, may [bring '] to the Parts beyond the Sea, which be of the KingÕs Amity, Wools, Leather and Woolfels, from the fifth Day of May next coming to the Feast of St. Michael next en.suing, paying for every Sack fifty Shillings, and for three hundred Woolfels fifty Shillings, and for the last of Leather an hundred Shillings, for the Custom and Subsidy of the same: And that no Merchant nor other that buyeth Wools, shall make other Refuse of Wools than was wont to be made in Times past, that is to say, of Cote, Gare', and Villain Fleeces ; and that every Sack contain twenty-six Stones; and every Stone fourteen Pound, according to the Weight of the Standard of the Exchequer, and no more nor less: And that all the Wools, Fells, and Leather bought in the Country, shall be brought to the Staples, and there shall abide at the least fifteen Days; and those that may not there be sold or delivered within the fifteen Days, shall be brought to the Ports ordained for the Staple, to pass from thence to the Parts aforesaid, paying the Customs and Subsidies aforesaid : And that no Wools vendible shall be lodged, shewed, or sold within three Miles of the Staples, but in the same Staple; saving that every Lord and other Man saving a Merchant, may freely lodge, shew and sell his Wools which be of his own growing, in his own House and elsewhere, as shall please him.

ITEM, It is accorded and assented, That the Chan.cellor and Treasurer which for the Time shall be, by the Advice of other of the KingÕs Council, shall have Power to defer the Term of Passage of Wools when they see that need is.

ITEM, Because that the Fishers, Butchers, Poulters, and other Sellers of Viftuals in the City of London, by Colour of some Charters, and by evil Interpretation of some Statutes made in Advantage of the People, that every Man may freely sell his Victuals without Disturb.ance, and that no Mayor, Sheriffs, or other Minister ought to meddle of the Sale; It is accorded and assented, That every Man that bringeth Vi&uals, what.soever they be, to the (Õ) City, by Land or by Water, may freely sell the same to whom it shall please him, without being interrupted or impeached by Fisher, But.cher, Poulter, or any other; and that the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City may rule and redress the De.faults of Fishers, Butchers, and Poulters, as they do of those that sell Bread, Wine, or Ale, notwithstanding Charters of Franchise, and Statutes, Customs, or other Privileges made or used to the contrary : And that the said Mayor and Aldermen do the same, and put it in Execution, upon the Pain late ordained touching the City of London, so that the Punishment of such be not made in Resped of any singular Profit.

VIII

Exportation of Wool permitted for a limited Time.

Refuse of Wool.

Contents of Sack and Stone of Wool.

Wools brought to the Staple, if not sold within

Fifteen days, may be exported, Sc c.

IX.

The Council may prolong the Term of Exportation.

The Mayor and Aldermen of London may reform the Defaults of Vr&uailers there.

[Sec Statute 28 Edw. III.

chapter 10.]

ITEM, It is accorded and assented, That in case where a Man dieth intestate, the Ordinaries shall depute the next and most lawful Friends of the dead Person intestate to ad.minister his Goods ; which Deputies shall have an Adion to demand and recover as Executors the Debts due to the said Person intestate in the KingÕs Court, for to administer and dispend for the Soul of the Dead j and shall answer also in the KingÕs Court to other to whom the said dead Person was holden and bound, in the same Manner as Executors shall answer ; and they shall be accountable to the Ordinaries, as Executors be in the Case of Testament, as well of the Time past as the Time to come.

XI.

The Ordinary shall commit Administra.tion upon an Intestacy.

The Admi.nistrators shall have the same Rights and Charges as Executors.

ITEM, It is accorded and established, That in all Cases touching the King, or other Persons, where a Man complaineth of Error made in Process in the Exche.quer, the Chancellor and Treasurer shall cause to come before them in any Chamber of Council nigh the Exche.quer, the Record of the Process out of the Exchequer

XII.

Error from the Exche.quer shall he examined by the Chancellor and Treasurer

1 carry

* /aid

VOL. I.

4u

sd b\


352

31¡ Edw. III. Stat. 1. c.12Ñ15.

XIII. The KingÕÇ Pardon to the Commons of the Escapes and Chattels of Felons.

A Grant to the King of a Fifteenth ;

Free from Queen-gold.

XIV.

Escapes of Thieves, Chattels of Felons, &c. shall be levied, as they fall.

XV.

Magna Carla 3$ E/iw.l'. cbapttr 3$ .

The Sheriffa Tourn shall be held within the Month after Easter and Michaelmas.

(') taking to them the Justices and other sage Per.sons, such as to them seemeth to be taken; and shall also cause to be called before them the Barons jof the Exchequer, to hear their Informations, and the Causes of their Judgements, and thereupon shall duly examine the Business; and if any Error be found, they shall correft and amend the Rolls, and after send them into the Exchequer for to make thereof Execution as per- taineth.

ITEM, Our Sovereign Lord the King, considering the good Aids of the Commons of his Realm often made to him, and the [ Grants1 ] and divers Charges, which they have suffered because of Wars and other Adver.sities, which before this Time hath happened : In relief of the said Commons he hath pardoned and released to them all the Escapes of Thieves and Felons, and Chattels of Felons, and of Fugitives before this Time fallen, which be not yet judged before the Justices or put in Estreats; and also all the Amer.ciaments not affered, whereof the Commonalty of the County, Hundred, or Town ought or might in com.mon and not particularly [against3] the King or his Heirs in the Eyre of the Justices hereafter for all the Time past be charged, and as much as pertaineth to the King of Escapes, Chattels, and Amerciaments aforesaid, except the Escapes of Clerks convid out of the Prison of the Prelates, their Ordinaries ; and thereupon hath granted to the Commonalty of every County a Charter of this Pardon quit of the Fee of the Seal, which to him pertaineth : For which Pardon and Release the said Commons have granted to our Sovereign Lord the King a Quinzime yearly to be levied and gathered in the Manner as the last Quinzime granted to the King was levied; and to be paid at the Feasts of Saint Michael and Easter, next coming, by even Portions; and our said Sovereign Lord the King hath granted to the said Commons, that for the said Quinzime so granted, no Gold shall be demanded nor levied to the Use of the Queen, but that the said Commons shall be thereof wholly discharged ; and also the King hath granted, that such Escapes and Chattels, being in the Hands of the KingÕs Ministers and of other singular Persons, which be in Life, shall be judged before the Keepers of the Peace in every County of England by Presentment, as well as before Justices in Eyre; and the Estreats shall be made by Indenture betwixt them and the Collectors of the Quinzime, delivered to the same Collectors, to levy to the Use of the Commons in Aid of their Pay.ment of the same Quinzime ; so that the same Collectors make thereof Distribution amongst the Towns after the necessity of every of the same, and (4) surveying and Ordinance of the same Justices.

ITEM, It is accorded, That the [Escape s] of Thieves and Felons, and the Chattels of Felons and of Fugitives, and also Escapes of Clerks conviCt out of their Ordi.nariesÕ Prison, from henceforth to be judged before any of the KingÕs Justices, shall be levied from Time to Time, as they shall fall, as well of the Time past as of the Time to come.

ITEM, Whereas in the Great Charter it is contained That no Sheriff nor his Bailiff shall make his Turn [by Hundreds,6] but two Times in the Year, [in a Place due7] and accustomed, that is to say, once after Easter, and another Time after Michaelmas; and now divers of the Commons have grievously complained them, that some Sheriffs make their Turns oftentimes in Lent, when Men ought to intend Devotion, and other Works of Charity, for Remedy of their Souls; and some.time after the Gule of August, when every Man almost is occupied about the cutting and entring of his Corn, whereby the People [perceived*] them much grieved and disquieted: Our Lord the King, desiring the Quietness of his People, hath ordained and stablished, That every Sheriff from henceforth shall make his Turn yearly, one Time within the Month after Easter, and another Time within the Month after Saint Michael; and if they hold them in other Manner, that then they shall lose their Turn for the Time.

1 and MS. Tr. 2. 1great 3 unt0

4 by MS. Tr. a > Escapes MS. Tr. a.

6 in the Hundred, i in due Place 8 perceiveth

^-0.135?.

& prises a eux Justices & au?s sages tieux come l0r semblera q sont apndre; & facent auxint appeller devant eux les Barons de Lescheqier p' oier lour infer, macions & les causes de lo' juggement, & sr ceo fa cent duement examiner la busoigne; & si ascun errow ysoit trove, le facent corriger, & amendre les roules & puis reenvoier les en lescheqier pr faire ent execu. cion sicome apptient.

Item, nre Seign' le Roi considerant les bones eides q les coes de son roialme lui ont sovent fait, & ^ g'ftitz & dieses charges qils ont suffert, p cause des guerres & au?s adPsites q sont einz ces heures avenuz, si ad en relevement des dites coes pdone & relesse a eux totes eschapes des larons & de felons, & chateux des felons & de futifs, avant ces heures echeuz, q ne sont unqore ajuggez devant Justices, ou mis en estrete; & aussint touz arficiementz nient affirez, dount la coalte du Countee, hundred, wapentak, ou villee de- vW ou purroit, en coe & nemye pticulerment, dePs le Roi ou ses heirs en Eyre des Justices, aps ces heures pr tut le temps passe estre charge, & q'ntq. ap. ptient au Roi des eschapes chateux & aniciementz susditz, forspris les escapes des Clercz conviftz, hors des prisons des Prelatz lor ordihairs; et sÕ ceo ad g'nte a la coalte de chescun Countee chartre de cel pdoun quite du fee de seal q a lui apptient: Por queu pdoun & reles les dites coes ont g*ntez a nfe Seign' le Roi une quinzisme annale, a lev* & coiller en maSe come le darreine quinzisme g*nte au Roi estoit leve; & a paier a les festes de Seinte Michel & de Pasq pscheins avenir p oweles portiouns; et nre Seign' le Roi ad g*nte as dites coes, q p' la dite quinzisme issint g*nte nul or soit demande ne leve al oeps la Roigne, einz soient mesmes les coes ent en tout deschargez: et aussint le Roi ad g*nte q tieux eschapes & chateux esteantz en les mains des MinisPs le Roi & dau?s singulers psones q sont en vie, soient ajuggez devant gardeins de la pees en chescune Countee Dengletre, p psentement, aussint come devant Justices enEyre;& soient les estretes, p endent'e faite entre eux & les coillo's de la quinzisme, livez a mesmes les coillo's, a lev* al oeps de la coe en eide de lour paiement de la dite quinzisme; Issint q mesmes les Coillo's facent en distri- bucion entre les villees, solonc la necessite de chescune dicelles, & p sÕveue & ordinance de mesmes les Justices.

Et outre ceo est acorde, q les eschapes de larons & felons, & les chateux des felons St des futifs, & aussint eschapes des Clercs convi&z hors de prison de lour or- dinairs, desore ajugger devant qecunqs Justices nre SeignÕ le Roi, soient levez de temps en temps come ils escherrent; sibien de temps passe come de temps avenir.

Item, come en la gÒnt chartre soit contenu, q nul visconte ou son Baillif face son tourn p hundred, fors^ deufoitz en lan, en lieu due & acustume, cest assay- unefoitz aps le Pasq, & autrefoitz aps le Seint Michel; & ore plusours de la coe se ont grevousement compleint qascuns viscontes font sovent lour toums en Quar- resme, q"nt h5me dev*oit entendre a devocion & auts oe$res de charite, p' remed de salme, & a la foitz aps la gule dÕAugst q*nt chescun apoi est occupie entour le sciere & lentrere de ses bledz ; p quoi le poeple se sent mold grevez & deseisez : nre Seign' le Roi, desi- rant la quiete de son poeple, ad ordine & establi, q chescun visconte desore face son tourn annuelment, une.foitz deinz le Mois aps Past*, & lautrefo.tz dernz le Mois afs le Seint Michel; & sils le tiegnent en autre mahie qadonqs ils pdent lour tourn p' le temps.

tfcp*

S

s

*1,

'V

s

Si,

InMargine

Rotuli.

St

'S

w

toil

a

ikt.

Hh

ail,

fot!

S:

life

ill

Pji

Si

ski

oil

laki

till

eat

its

hk

kki

tin

ill,

SB,

IB,

fš

*1*

at

iib

EÈ

¥>

lit

it)

a*1

s

ltÇ

rf'

*È

it^'

it

Pr Vi? Midd sahm. Qucda ordinac&es et statuta p nos, Prelatos, Duces, Comites, Barones, & Cokatem regni nfi Angt, in pliamento nro apud Westm, die Lune px post septimanam Pasche px p>?ito tento, p coi utilitate dci regni fcas, tibi mittim9 sub pede sigilli nil; tibi p>cipientes qd dca ordinacoes & statuta in pleno Coin tuo, & aliis locis in balliva tua, in locis ubi melius expedire videris, publice pclamari & quantu in te est firmi? teneri & ab aliis observari, fa?. T.R. apud Westm primo die Augusti.

p ipm Regem & consiliu.

Cons feria diriguntr singtis Vicecomitibj p Angt sub eadem dat.

THE King to the Sheriffs of Middlesex, Greeting. Certain Ordinances and Statutes, by Us, the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, and the Commonalty of our Realm of England, in our Parliament holden at Westminster on the Monday next after the Week of Easter last past, for the common Weal of the said Realm made, We do send unto you under our Seal; Commanding you, that the said Ordinances and Statutes in your full County Court, and in other Places in your Bailiwick where you see meet, you do cause to be publicly proclaimed, and, as much as in you is, to be firmly kept and observed by others. Witness the King at Westminster the First Day of August. By the King himself and the Council.

The like Writs are directed to the several Sheriffs through.out England, under the same Date.

£>?Dtnacto facta De allece DenDenDÕ.

An ORDINANCE made concerning the selling of HERRINGS.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. 13. d.

PORCE q la Coe du Roialme Denglefre, en ple- ment tenuz a Westm le Lundy p'sehein af?s la symaygne de Pasqs, lan du regne nfe dit Seignr Ie Roi Edward DengletVe trente prin}, & de Punce disoitisme, sad pleinte a nfe Seignr Ie Roi, q p cause q les gentz de G*nt Jememutfi encontrent les peschours, menantz harang a la dite ville en temps de feyre, & achatent & forstallent le harang, avant qil veigne a la ville; & auxint les hostillers de mesme la ville, qi herbgent les peschours venantz illoeqes ove lour harang, ne veullent soeffrir les ditz peschours vendre lour harang, ne meller de la vente dicels, einz Ie vendent a lo' volunte de.mesne, si cher come ils veullent, & donent as peschours ceo q lor plest; p quoi les peschours se retrehent de veS illoeqes, & issi est le harang mis a plus g'nt chierte q unqes ne fust; a g*nt damage nfe Seign' le Roi, des Seign's & de tout le poeple; p quoi nfe Seign' le Roi, veant le meschief en celle plie, p assent des g*ntz & de tout la coe, ad ordine & establi reme- die s' les ditz meschiefs, en la fourme q sensuyt : Prifiement q nul harang soit vendu nachate en mier, tanqs les peschours soient venuz en haven ove lor harang, & q la corde de la nief soit trete a la tVe.

Item q les peschours soient franks de vendre lour harang, as totes gentz q veignent a la feyre de Jerne- muth, saunz nulle destourbance de lour hostilers ou aut's qconqes; et q*nt les ditz peschours veullent ven.dre en port lo' marchaundises, eient loÕ hostilers ovesq, eux sils y veullent estre, & en lo' psencc, & en psence dautres marchantz en apt, vendent lor marchandises [a qi q lour plerra; et si aut's marchantz psentz veullent a-P pt des dites marchandises,'] eit chescun q claime sa pt pr Ie pris, solonc lafferant, de mesmes les mar.chandises issint venduz; & soit la dite vente faite du solaill levant tanq, a soleill recours, & nernie devant ne aps, s' forfait'e de mesmes les marchandises: et q les ditz peschours soient franks dachat lour vitailles, & ceo q lour besoigne, ou q lo' plerra. Et q nul hostiler nautre nachate nul harang, p' pendre en meson, p covine ne en autre maSe, plus haut la last de xl. sould, mes meins en tant come il poet, solonc ceo qil porra acorder ove le vendour; et q nul hostiler, ne nul de lo' vallettz, ne nul autre qi q ceo soit, venant a la dite feyre, naille p mier ne p tVe de forstaller le

1 Old Printed Copies omit.

Statute the Second.

FORASMUCH as the Commons of the Realm of England, at the Parliament holden at Westminster, the Monday next after the Week of Easter, the Year of the Reign of our [Lord the King, Edward the Third1] of England xxxi, and of France xviii, have complained them to our Lord the King, because that the People of Great Yarmouth do encounter the Fishers bringing Herring to the said Town in the Time of the Fair, and do buy and forestall the Herring before they do come to the Town ; and also the Hostelers of the same Town, that lodge the Fishers coming thither with their Herring, will not suffer the said Fishers to sell their said Herring, nor meddle with the Sale thereof, but sell them at their own Will as dear as they will, and give to the Fishers that (2) pleaseth them, whereby the Fishers do withdraw themselves to come thither; and so is the Herring set at much greater Price than ever it was, to the great Damage of our Lord the King, of the Lords, and of all the People: Wherefore our Lord the King, seeing the Mischiefs in this Behalf, by the Assent of the Great Men and all the Commons, hath ordained and stablished Remedy upon the said Mischiefs, in the Form as followeth.

FIRST, That no Herring be bought or sold in the Sea, till the Fishers be come into the Haven with their Herring, and that the Cable of the Ship be drawn to the Land.

ITEM, That the Fishers be free to sell their Herring to all that come to the Fair of Great Yarmouth, without any Disturbance of their Hostelers, or any other; And when the Fishers will sell their Merchandises in the Port, they shall have their Hostelers with them, if they there will be, and in their Presence, and the Presence of other Merchants, openly shall sell their Merchandises [ and that every Man claim his Part for the takingJ] after the Rate of the same Merchandises so sold ; and the said Sale shall be made from the Sun-rising till the Sun going down, and not before nor after, upon Forfeiture of the same Merchandises: And that the said Fishers be free to buy their Victuals, and that which they need, where shall please them. And that no Hostelers, nor other, buy any (*) for to hang in their Houses by Covin, nor in other Manner, at an higher Price the Last than Forty Shillings, but less in as much as he may, according as he may agree with the Seller; And that no Hostelers nor any of their Servants, nor any other whatsoever he be, coming to the said Fair, shall go by Land nor by

1 said Lord the King, Edward, 1 that MS. Tr. 1.

1 to whomioever they please ; and if other Merchants present are willing to have part of the said Merchandizes, let every one who claims have his part for the price,

4 Herring

I.

Herrings shall not be forestalled at Sea.

II.

The Order and Time of bringing and selling of Herrings at the Fair of Great Yarmouth.

The Price of a Last of Herring.

There shall be no forest ailing of Herring.

The Time of buying fresh Herring.

Vessels shall not enter to enhance the Fair.

The Oath and Duty of Hostelers.

The Hundred of Herring, Six Score; and the Last Ten Thousand.

The Prices of Herring, and the Gains thereby.

The Barons of the Five Ports shall

Yarmouth.

Sea to forestall Herring privily nor openly, but the Herring shall come freely unsold unto the Haven : Nor that any [Pyker' ] make buying of fresh Herring in the Haven of Yarmouth, betwixt the Feasts of Saint Michael and Saint Martin, upon Pain of Imprisonment at the KingÕs Will, and to forfeit all the Herring so bought. And that no Vessel called Pyker of London, nor of none other Place, shall enter into the said Haven [ to abate H the Fair in Damage of the People, upon the Pain of Forfeiture of their Vessel, and all their Chattels found within. And that all the Hostelers be sworn before the Wardens of the said Fair, and enjoined upon a great Forfeiture to the King, to receive their Guests well and conveniently, and to aid and ease them reason.ably, taking of every Last that shall be sold to other Merchants than to the said Hostelers, 40 d; and that of Herring sold to the same Hostelers to [take3] in their Houses, the same Hostelers shall take nothing, and that because of the Profits which they shall have of Viftuals sold to their said Guests, and of the Advan.tages that they have more than other [of Carriage4 3 of Herring so by them bought, and hanging in their Houses: And that the Hostelers because of this Ordi.nance do not refuse their Guests, but receive them, and intreat them in good and friendly Manner, as they have done before-time ; and that they for the Advantage of 40 d. the Last, take upon them for the Payment of all the Herring that shall be sold by their Assent to any Persons. And the Hundred of Herring shall be accounted by six Score, and the Last by ten Thousand; and that the Merchants of Yarmouth, of London, or elsewhere, sell the Thousand of Herring to the People after the Rate of the Price of the Last: (3) And that the People of Yarmouth sell the Last of Red Herring bought for 40 s. fresh, [within forty Days,6] for half a Mark of Gain, and not above : And that the People of London at such Fair shall bring the Last from Yar.mouth to London for one Mark of Gain, and not above. And also Two Lasts of Shotten-herring fresh shall be sold for the Price [assessed7] of the buying of a Last of full Herring, and so of more and less after the same Rate; and of Shotten-herring red, the two Lasts shall be sold dearer of a Mark than the Last of Herring full red, and that because the [Carriage Õ] of the Last of Shotten-herring [draweth to9] as much as the Last of full Herring; and so of more and less, according to the same Rate: And that the Ships called the Pykers shall freely buy fresh Herring, and all other Merchandises of [Fishes ,0J in Kirkly, and elsewhere upon the Coasts of the Sea,without Impeachment or Disturbance of the Hostelers of Yarmouth, or of any other ; so always, that no more Herring be discharged in the Road of Kirkly out of the Fishers Ships, but as much as may reasonably suffice to the Charge of the Pykers that thither shall come for the same Cause; And that the Fishers be compelled to bring all the remnant of their Herring to the said Fair to sell there; so that none [sell"] Herring in any Place about the Haven of Yarmouth by seven Miles, except in ('*) three Towns of Yarmouth, that is to say, Eston, Weston, and Southton, unless it be Herring of their own Fishing. And our Lord the King doth will, that the Barons of the Five Ports shall cause to be kept and governed the said Fair according to the Composition late made between them and the People of the Town of Yarmouth, confirmed by the KingÕs Grandfather j and that the same Barons and Bailiffs of Great Yarmouth cause to be kept these present Ordinances in all Points, and to be [cried in,J3 every Sunday between St. Michael

* Rover MS. Tr. a. * for to enderth MS. Tr. 2.

5 hang 4 for the curing

5 and that two Lasts of Shotten-herring fresh shall be sold for the price of the rate of the buying of a Last of full herring :

6 or for less than forty Shillings 8 curing 9 costeth

11 hang MS. Tr.2.

,J proclaimed, on

f of the Rate of 10 the Fishers ,J the

harang, en prive nen apt, mes q le harang vetW w cheraent nient vendu en le haven : ne q nul [Renner'1 ne face achate de harang fresch deinz de haven de Jer nemuth, pentre Ies festes de Seint Michel & de Seim Martyn, s' peine demp'sonement a la volume le R0- & de forfait'e de tout le harang issint achate Et 3 nul vessel, appelle Pyker de Londres, ne de nulle * atlloÕs, nentre deinz le dit haven p' encherer la feyrt. k damage du poeple; s' peine de forfaire 10' vesselÕs, touz lo' chateux trovez dedeinz Et q touz les hos- tilers soient smentez, devant les gardeins de la fevre & enjointz s' gref forfait'e du Roi, de rece# \Jt houstes bien & covenablement, & de eux eider & eiser resonablement, pnant de chescune last q €ra vendue as auts marchantz q as ditz hostilers, quarrant deniers ¥ et q de harang vendu as mesmes les hostilers, de pendre en lour mesons, riens neSndront les hostilers, & Ceo p cause des pfitz qils avont des vitailles venduz a lo' ditz houstes, & davantage qils ont plus q antÕs du coriage de harang, issint p eux achate & pendu en lo' mesons: et q les hostilers, p cause de ceste ordi- nance, ne refusent lour houstes, einz les receivent & tretent en bone man!e & aimable, come ils ont fait avant ces heures; & qils, p' lavantage de les quarrant dniers du last, empreignent p' le paiement de tut le harang q sra vendu p lour assent as qeconqes psones. Et soit le cent de harang acompte p viÒ. & le last p xM1; et q les marchantz de Jernemuth, de Loundres, & aillours, vendent le mill de harang au poeple, so- lone lafferant du pris du last: et q deux lastes de Shotenharang fresch soient venduz p' le pris de laffe.rant de la chate dune last du plein harang: et q les gentz de Jernemuth vendent le last de haring sects, achate p' quarrant souldz fresch, ou dedeinz quarrant [souldz,1] p' dimi marc de gaine & nemye outre: et q les gentz de Loundres a tiel fire le last amesne de Jernemuth en Loundres, p' un marc de gaine [& nemy outre.3 ] Et aussint soient deux lastes de Shotenharang fresch venduz pÕ la pris de lafferaunde de la chate dun last de harang plein, & issint de plus & de meins so- lonc mesme lafferaunt; & de Shotenharang soor soient deux lastes venduz plus chier dune marc q la last de harang plein soor; & ce p cause q la coriage du last de Shotenharang coust a tant come le last de harang plein, & issint de plus & de meins solonc mesme laffe.raunt : et q les niefs appellez Pykers achatent ftunche- ment harang fresch, & toutes au?s marchaundises, des pescheurs en Kirkele, & aillo's s' costeres de la mier, saunz empeschementz ou destourbance de lo' hostilers de Jernemuth, ou de nul autre; Issint toutefoitz q plus de harang ne soit deschargez en la rode de kirkele, hors de niefs de peschours, fors tant q p'ra resonable.ment suffire a la charge de Pykers, q illoeqs vendront p' celle cause j et q les peschours soient artez de amen! tout le remenaunt de lo' harang a la dite feyre, de vendre illoeqes; issint q nul ne pende harang, nul pt environ le haven de Jernemuth p sept lewes, sinoun en trois villes de Jernemuth, cest assav Eston Weston & Southton, sil ne soit harang de lo' peschene demesne. Et nre Seign' le Roi voet, q les Barons de Cynk portz facent garder & govW la dite feyre, solonc la compo- sicion nadgairs faite entre eux & les gentz e *'* * de Jernemuth, [conferme4] p lael nre Seign e Ç. a mesme* les Baron., & les Balllfe de .

facent garder ceates psentes ordinances en toot Pj & crier chescune Dymenge pentre le S

. Riuer OU Printed Copies. ' jours OU Printed Cepes-

Õ ^ Interlined on the Roll.

llfep*

u-


5

s

N

k^

s

*k

**

¥feu,

*n

¥i*i

Nil

!Ç,

105.

4Çi

InMargine ¥*H Rotuli.

;lkÈi

klÇ

¥È>

Bid

pili

1:Çji

ea

IjlK!

I Hi l[tl

bn

tai

m

n

iiii

an

ts

m

ita

ib'

bit

0

tit t k

u

u

*:

*'

w

rt

If

& le Seint Martyn, s' peine de pdre lo' fraunchises, & destre puniz a la volunte le Roi. Et q les gentz de Jernemutti soeffrent les ditz Barons de Cynk Portz govW & reuler la dite feyre, solonc le p'port de la composicion avantdite, & due execucion estre faite de cestes ordinances, s' la peine darreineinent susdite. Et soient cestes ordinances, en droit de vente & chate de harang, tenues en totes les villes DengleÕtVe, ou harang est pris & secche, -s' les peine* susdites.

Et acorde est p nre #' le Roi, les g*ntz, & tote la coe en cest plement, q les Chaunceller & Tresorer, pris a eux Justices & auts du conseil le Roi, tieux come Ior semblera, eient poer dordiner remedie de la chate & vente de Stokfisshe de Seint Botolph, saumon de Bere- wyk, & des vins & de pesson a Bristuit, & aillo's; au fin q le Roi & le poeple soient meuth svitz, p' mellio' marche qils nount este devant ces heures, & q lor- dinance p eux faite en celle ptie soit fermement tenuz*

and St. Martin, upon the Pain to lose their Franchise, and to be punished at the KingÕs Will. And that the People of Yarmouth suffer the said Barons of the Five Ports to govern and rule the said Fair after the Purport of the said Composition, and dueJ£xecution to be made of this Ordinance upon the Pain last aforesaid. And these Ordinances in the Right of buying and selling of Herring, shall be holden in all the Towns of England, where Herring is taken and [searched,1] upon the Pains aforesaid.

ITEM, It is accorded by our Lord the King, the Great Men, and all the Commons in this present Par.liament, That the Chancellor and Treasurer taking to them Justices, and other the KingÕs Council, such as to them shall seem, shall have Power to ordain Remedy touching the buying and selling of Stock-Fish of St. Bo- tulf, and Salmon of Berwick, and of Wines and Fish of Bristuit, and elsewhere; to the Intent that the King and the People may the better be served, and [have better Market than they have had1] before this Time, and that the Ordinances by them made in this [Party Õ] be firmly holden.

Extended to all Town* where Herrin? it taken.

III.

Chancellor and T reaiurer ¥hall regulate the buying and selling of Fish and Wine*.

1 dried MS. Tr. a. * behalf

* cheaper than they have been

£>rDtnaeto De |Dtsce saltto De Blaftenep; 2lno jcjcjcj.

An ORDINANCE concerning the Salt Fish of Blakeney ; In the Thirty-first Year.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. 14. d*

PORCE q monstre est a nre Seign' le Roi, p les coes de son Roialme DengletVe, en [son '] plement tenuz a Westm, le Lundy pschein aps la semaigne de Pasq,, lan du regne nre f' le Roi, cestassav Den.gletVe trent prini & de FÕnce disoitisme, q pessons salez de Blakeneye & de les costeres joignantz, sont & devant ces heures ont este venduz a trop chier & excessif pris, a g*nt damage de nre <fr le Roi, des gÕntz & de tout le poeple du dit Roialme, de quoy les ditz cues prient remede ; Nre Seign' le Roi desirant s' ce mettre amendement, en eise de son poeple, & p assent des Prelatz, & autres gÕntz & coes, ad ordegne & establi sÕ la vente des ditz pessons, en la marie q sensuyt.

PrinJement, q touz les niefs appellez Doggeres & Lod- shippes, app'tenantz al Haven de Blakeneye & des cos.teres joignantz, cest assav1 de Suyterle, Wyueton, Claye, Salthous, Shiryngham & Crowemere, deliP- ent & deschargent lour pesson dedeinz le havene de Blakeneye tantsoulement, pentre Benorde & Hoghflete, & en nul lieu aillours; s' peine demprisonement a la volunte du Roi & forfait'e de mesme le pesson. Et q nul pesson seit livV ne porte hors du nief, a nully maison ne aillours, avant q le Seign' du nief, en quele le dit pesson est chargee, & le Marchant qui le pesson achatera, soient acordez du pris dicelle, & ce p cler jour.

Et q nul peschour, ne Seign' du nief, ne nul autre ne mette main s' nul pesson deinz nief, p' le pesson trier eslire ou [empeirer,1] fors soulement lachato', ou son attome, s' la dite paine. Et q nulle pesson, ap- pelle Lochefissh, ne soit eslu ne trie fors tantsoulement

1 cest psent m. 13. rf.

Õ empirer m. 13. d.

Statute the Third.

XT/ÕHERE AS it is shewn to our Lord the King by the Õ ' Commons of his Realm of England, in his Parliament holden at Westminster, the Monday next after the Week of Easter, in the Year of the Reign of our Lord the King, that is to say, of England the One-and-thirtieth, and of France the Eighteenth, that Salt-Fish of Blakeney and of the Coasts adjoining, are, and heretofore have been sold at too high and excessive price, to the great Damage of our Lord the King, of the great Men, and of all the People of the said Realm ; whereof the said Commons do pray a Remedy ; Our Lord the King, desiring to make Amendment therein, for Relief of his People, and by Assent of the Prelates and other great Men and Commons, hath ordained and established concerning the Sale of the said Fish, in Manner following.

FIRST, [It is ordained,] That all the Ships called Doggers and Lodeships, pertaining to the Haven of Blackney, and Coasts thereunto adjoining, that is to say, [the Suyter, the Wyneton,1 ] Clay, Salthouse, Shiring- ham, and C.rowmer, shall deliver [or Õ] discharge their Fish within the Haven of Blackney only, betwixt Benord and Hogfleet, and in none other Place, upon Pain of Imprisonment at the KingÕs Will, and Forfeiture of the same Fish. And that no Fish be delivered nor carried out of the Ship to any House, nor elsewhere, before that the Owner of the Ship, wherein the said Fish is charged, and the Merchant that shall buy the Fish, be agreed of the Price of the same, by clear Day.

ITEM, That no Fisher nor Owner of any Ship, nor any other, set Hand upon any Fish within the Ship, for to try, choose, or impair the Fish, but only the Buyer or his Attorney, upon the said Pain. And that no Fish called Loych-fish shall be chosen or tried, but only

Suylerley, JViveton.

' and MS. Tr. 2.

I.

Doggers, &c. of Blakeney shall dis.charge their Fi*h there.

II.

The Buyer only shall handle the Fish.

* The Readings in the Notes marked m. 13. d. refer to a more antient, but apparently less perfe£l, Copy of this Ordinance, which is entered on the back of the succeeding Membrane of the Roll; being there intituled in the Margin ¥ Ordinacio fca de pisce salito vendendo and immediately following the Ordinance printed as Statute 2. of this Year.

VOL. I.

4 X

Loych-fiih.

Orgcyi.

The Price of Dogger fish shall be settled at the beginning of ib. .keney Fair.

Fish shall not be kept in Houses, to be sold by Rctale.

Who may buy Nets and Hooks in Norfolk to fish with.

Six chosen Men shall be present at the Delivery of Fish t

to search for Orgeys: &c.

Punishment of Offenders.

in three Parts, that is to say, Lob, Ling, and Cod ; and that every of the same three Sorts of Lob, Ling, and Cod, be good and covenable, as in old Time hath been used; and in case that [ no 1 ] Orgeys. that is to say, Fish greater than Lob, be found in a Ship called a Lode-ship, in the Hundred of Lob, Ling, and Cod, the Master and Mariners shall have of every Hundred of Lob, Ling, and Cod, the Hundred accounted to [six Score,1] twenty Orgeys, if there be so many ; And if there be less, the Masters and Mariners shall have all the Orgeys; and if there be more, the Overplus above the Scores to every Hundred shall be put to the Fish bought, in Amendment of the Price of the same to the Profit of the Buyer. And also by the Advice of the Merchants and Buyers of the Owners coming to the Fair of Black- ne" and of the Owners of the Ships, a Price shall be set at the Beginning, and assessed upon the Dogger- fish and Loych-fish, before that any Sale be made, which Price shall be holden during the Fair; and that the said Fish be sold at such a Price openly, and not by Covin privily : And that no Owner of Ships, Mari.ners, nor other, lodge, nor cause to be lodged in their Houses privily nor openly, Fish in the [Mud,3] nor Fish [searched,4] for to sell again another Time at Retale, but all such Fish shall be sold reasonably within the said Bounds at the [Fair3] and Price aforesaid, upon the same Pain. And that no Man buy Nets, Hooks, nor other Instruments pertaining to fishing in the County of Nor.folk, but Owners, Masters, and Mariners of Ships that use the Mystery of Fishing, and which have to do with such Things, upon Pain of Imprisonment, and to be ransomed at the KingÕs Will, and to forfeit the Things so bought.

And that there shall be no Deliverance made of the said Fish, but in the Presence of Six Men chosen thereto, by the good Men of the Towns of Suyterley, Wyveton, Clayc, Salthous, and Shiryngham, and the Owners and Masters of Ships and the Merchants ; which six Men, five, four, three, or two of them at the least, shall be always present with the Owners and Masters of Ships, and the Merchants to make every Delivery ; and the said six chosen Men shall be sworn, well and faith.fully to search if any Orgeys be found concealed, beyond the Score which the Masters and Mariners shall have in the Hun.dred as above is said ; and if more Orgeys be found con.cealed, they shall forthwith be arrested by the said chosen Men then present, and forfeited unto our Lord the King.

And that no Owner of a Ship, Mariner, nor other, make Impeachment, nor be resistant in any Point against this present Ordinance ; nor that no Mariner nor Fisher, because of this Ordinance, leave or refuse to go [in 6] fishing, as before Times they were wont to do, nor disturb any Covenant made between a Merchant and Owner of a Ship, upon Pain of Imprisonment, and to be ransomed at the KingÕs Will; and that upon the same a Writ be sent to the Sheriff of Norfolk, that at every ManÕs Complaint that will sue for the King, or for himself, against those that in any Point offend against this Ordinance, he shall cause the same Resisters and Trespassers to be attached, and them detain in Prison till the King and his Council have ordained of them that Right requireth, after the Quantity of their Trespass.

1 any MS. Tr. 2. 1 x. score MS. Tr.7.

Õ . drie MS. Tr. 2.

Õ Rale 6 to MS. Tr. 2.

en trois pties, cestassaP Lob [Byng'] & Cod; k q ches- cun de mesmes lea trois sortz de Lob Byng k Cod soit bon & covenable, come en ancien temps estoit usee ¥ et en cas q nul [orgois,1] cestassaP pesson plus g*nt [q>] Lob, soit trove en nief appelle Lodship, en le Cent de Lob Lyng ou Cod, eient les mestres & marirJs de ches- cun Cent de Lob Lyng & Cod, le cent acompte a dis vintz, vint orgois si tantz y soient; et si mens y soient eient les Mestres & Marinis touz les orgois; et si plus y soient, soit le sÕplus, oultre les vintz a chescun Cent, mys a le pesson achate, en amendement du pris dicel a pfit del achatour. Et q p lavis des Marchantz & achatours des SeignÕs venantz a la feire de Blake- neye, & des #'s des niefs, soit a comencement, avant q nul vente se face, Ptein pris mys & assiz, s' le pesson de Doggerefissh & lochefissh, queu pris soit tenuz durante la feire; & q tout le dit pesson soit vendu a tiel pris en appt, & nemye p covyneprive- ment en muscet: et q nul f1 de nief, mariS nautre ne herberge ne face herberger en lo' maisons, en prive nen appt, pesson en la mod, ne pesson sek, p' re- vendre altrefoitz a retail!, einz soit tout tiel pesson vendu resonablement, dedeinz les boundes susdites a foer & pris devantditz sr mesme la peine. Et q nul home achate retz, hokes, nautres instrumentz appte- nantz a pescherie, en le countee de Norff, forspris Seign's, mestres, & marines des niefs qui usent le mester de pescherie, & qont affaire des tielles choses, s' peine demprisonement & destre reintz a la vo- lunte le Roi, & s' forfait'e des choses issint achates.

[4 Et q nul delivante soit fait del dit pesson, sanz psence de sis homes a ce esluz, p les bones gentz de les villes de Suyterle, Wyuetoii, Claye, Salthous, & Shi- ryngham, & les Seign's & Mestres des niefs, & les Marchantz; queux sis homes, cynk, quatre, trois, ou deux de eux a meins, soient toutefoitz en psence, ove les f's&t Mestres de les niefs, & les Marchantz, a chescun deliPance affaire ; et sront les ditz sis homes esluz jurrez, de bien & loialment scher si nul orgois soit trove en muscet, ultre vint orgois q les Mesr & Marinis aPont del cent, come dessus est dit; et si plus orgois soit trove en muscet, soit meintenant arestu p les ditz homes esluz, a celle heure psentz, & forfait a nre Seign' le Roi.3] Et q nul f1 de nief, MariS nautre ne face empeschement, nene soit rebel en nul point, contre ceste psente ordinance ; ne q nul MariS ne peschour, p cause de ceste ordinance ne lesse ne re.fuse daler pescher, come il soleit devant ces heures faire, nene destourbe covenante faite pentre marchant & Seign' du nief, s' peine demprisonement k destre reint a la volunte le Roi; et qe s ce brief sok man e au visconte de Norff, q a chescuny pleinte qi v suir p' le Roi ou pÕ lui mesmes contre ceux qur ven- dront en ascun point contre ceste ordinance, face a_ tacher les ditz rebelles & trespassers, k les ^ en prison, tanq, le Roi & son conseil eient ordIp de eux ceo q droit demande, selonc a q

lor trespas. . a,.

. m. 13. d, also reads . ByngÕ hcre^nd^throug^ ^ ,

.T* S'È"* <wiÓn"'

1 de m. 13. </¥ . in the Copy entered

ÇÑs These Sentences are not -

on 01. 13- > nor in the Old PnntedCop.es.

ÛWnaefo facta pÕ statu tre

An ORDINANCE MADE FOR THE ESTATE OF THE LAND OF IRELAND.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 12.

RArchiepis, Epis, Afcfcibj, Priority, Ministris nns ¥ tam majoribj qÔm minoribj & quibuscumq, aliis de ?ra nra Hibn fidelibj nris ad quos [ &c. Õ ] sahm. Quia ex frequenti fidedignop insinuacbe accepim9, qd Vra nra Hibn, ecctiaqs Hibnicana, ac clerus & populus ejusdem nobis subditus, ob defe&um boni regiminis ac p negligenciam & incuriam Ministrojj regio^ ibidem, tam majo^ q*m inino^, hadkenus turbati fuerant mul- tiplici? & g'vati, marcheeq, tre ipius juxta hostes posite p hostiles invasiones vastate, occisis marchionib3 & depdatis & eo£ bitac&ibj enormit concrematis, cetisq, coaftis loca ppria deserere, quibusdam videit ad hostes, cePis ad loca extÒnea fugientib,; diPse q^ ptes dda^ marchiap tali? desolate & derelitte p hostes eosdem oc- cupate, nraq, & ejusdem tre negocia incongrue & in- utili? agitata, leges & appbate consuetudines min9 debite observate, populus nr bonis & reb3 suis cont* justiciam, legem, & formam statutojs inde edito£, di9- simode spoliatus, paxq^ nra lesa & minime custodita, ac pditores latrones & malefcores non sicut convenit castigati; quo^ malo^q, (') occ&ne majora dampna irre- pabilia evenire quod absit timentr, nisi pmissis opor- tunis remediis occurratr: Nos desiderantes utili regi- mini &¥ quieti eojdem tre & populi pvidere, que sequnt' ppt ea de assensu consilii nri ordinanda duxim9 & firmi? observanda.

In primis videlt volum9 & pcipim9 qd sea Hibnicana ecctia suas libtates & litias consuetudines illesas beat, & eis libe gaudeat & utaiÔ.

Item volum9 & (?cipim9, qd nra & ipius tre nego- cia, p'sertim majora & ardua, in consiliis p pitos con- siliarios nros, ac Prelatos & Magnates & quosdam de discretiorib3 & pbiorib3 hoib3 de ptib3 vicinis ubi ipa consilia teneri contigit pp? hoc evocandos, in plia- mentis 9o p ipos consiliarios nros, ac Prelatos & pdes aliosq^ de ?ra pdea put mos exigit, sedm justiciam, legem, consuetudine & ronetn tradlent', deducant', & fideli?, timore, favore, odio, aut pcio postposiiis, dis- cutiant' & eciam tminentr.

Item cum Justiciarii & quidam alii Ministri nri dee ?re qui haften9 extiPant, du&i consiliis privato^ con- siliario^ suo^, non nrop, ne dicam9 broccatojj, innu- i8as injurias, tam nob q*m psonis aliis singularib3 irrogavW, comoda in ea pte illicite adquisita suis ppriis non nris usib3 applicando, volum9 & ptipim9, qd ipi Ministri nri, majores maxime, tales consiliarios ut j?mittitr broccatores, p'sertim illos de hujusmodi broccagiis diffamatos, qui cu hujusmodi majorib3 mini- stris ante hec tempora extitant, secum non teneant; & si quos tenSint, ipos ab eis statim amoveant; ne nra & ?re negocia p ipos broccatores impetant', nec co.moda ad nos ptinencia a nob p ipo£ fabricata consilia auferant'; et si hujusmodi privati consiliarii quod absit in eosdem Ministrojs nrojs comitivis corn* ordi- nacoem jPdeam retenti, quicq'm a popfo seu eop

' fsentes he pveffint * aiio^

Statute the Fourth.

THE King to the Archbishops, Bishops, Abbots, Priors, to our Officers both great and small, and to All other our faithful Subjc&s whomsoever, of our Land of Ireland, unto whom these Presents shall come Greeting. Whereas from the frequent Information of trust-worthy Persons, We have learnt that our Land of Ireland, and the Church of Ireland, and the Clergy and People thereof subjeft to Us, through Default of good Government and the Neglefl and Carelessness of the Royal Officers there, both great and small, have been hitherto manifoldly disturbed and grieved; and the Marches of the said Land situate near the Enemy, have been laid waste by Hostile Invasions, the Marchers being slain and plundered, and their Dwellings horribly burnt, and others compelled to desert their proper Homes, some of them flying unto the Enemy, and others to strange Places 5 and divers Parts of the said Marches being thus desolate and deserted have been occupied by the Enemy; and the Affairs of Us and the said Land improperly and uselessly carried on, the Laws and approved Customs not duly observed, our People in divers Manners spoiled of their Goods and Property, against Justice, Law, and the Form of the Statutes thereof made ; and our Peace broken and ill kept, and Traitors, Thieves, and Malefaftors not punished as they ought to be : By occasion of which Evils and others, greater Damages irreparable, which God forbid, are feared to happen, unless apt Remedies be opposed to the Premises: We desiring to provide for the good Government and Quiet of the same Land and People, have thereupon, by Assent of our Council, determined that the Matters following shall be ordained and stedfastly observed :

First, We will and command that the Holy Church of Ireland shall have her Liberties and free Customs inviolable, and shall freely enjoy and use the same.

Also We will and command that the Affairs of Us and the Land, those especially which be great and arduous, shall, in Councils, by our sage Counsellors and the Prelates and Great Men, and certain of the more discreet and lawful Men of the Parts adjoining where those Councils shall happen to be holden, for this Cause to be called forth, but in Par.liaments by those our Counsellors, and the Prelates, and Nobles, and others in the Land aforesaid, as the Custom requireth, according to Justice, Law, Custom and Reason, be treated and managed ; and faithfully, without Fear, Favour, Hatred, or Reward, be discussed and also determined.

Also Whereas the Justices and certain others who have been heretofore our Officers of our said Land, led by the Counsels of their private Counsellors, not ours, let us not say of Brocagers, have occasioned innumerable Wrongs as well to Us as to singular other Persons, applying their Gains un.lawfully acquired in that behalf to their own Use, not ours ; We will and command that our said Officers, the greater chiefly, shall not keep in their Service such Counsellors as aforesaid that are Brocagers, more especially those defamed of such Brocages, who have heretofore belonged to such Chief Ministers ; and if they should have retained any, they shall forthwith put them away; that the Affairs of Us and the Land, be not obstrufted by the said Brocagers; nor the Profits to Us appertaining be not carried away from Us through the Means of their feigned Counsels ; And if such private Counsellors, which God forbid, being retained among the followers of those our Ministers contrary to the aforesaid Ordinance, should receive any thing from the People or

* This Ordinance was not inserted in any Printed Copy of the Statutes previous to HawkinsÕs Edition.ÑOn Rot. Put. 17 Ric. II. P. 1. m. 34. is an Entry of Letters Patent reciting and confirming this Ordinance: It begins thus: Ò R Oaiib; ad quos &c. Sattm. Inspeximus tras patentes dni E. nup Regis Angt, avi nri, fcas in hac verba. Edwardus dei gra Rex Angt Sc Franc, & dhs Hibn, ArchiepisÓ [8cc. as in the Text.] The Readings inserted in the Notes, are from that Entry on the Patent Roll.

Recital of the Disorders in Ireland through Defect of good

Government.

I.

Liberties of the Church confirmed.

II.

How Public Matters shall be discussed in Council, and in Parliament.

HL

The Justices and other GreatOfficers shall not retain in their Service evil Counsellors.

4D. 1357.

]!.

Punishment of such evil Counsellors.

IV.

Purveyances shall be regulated according to the Statutes.

Appraise.ment of Things purveyed.

Payment

thereof.

Purveyors shall be sworn.

Their

Commissions.

Purveyances shall be made by order of Council, &c.

Saving for the Clergy.

any of them, to their Grievance, by Brocage or other under.hand Bargain, to their own Use or that of their Lords, they shall restore it fully to him that paid the same, and never.theless, for such Extortion, they shall, on our behalf, by our Justice and Council of Ireland be duly punished ; and shall make reasonable Fine to us, as shall seem meet unto our same Justice and Council, and shall be removed forthwith, as is above rehearsed, from their Retinue: We hereby stri&ly injoining our Justice of Ireland for the Time being, that this he do faithfully observe in his own Person, and do cause the same to be observed by others.

Also, Whereas the People through almost all Ireland subjedl to Us, by the Plunderings and Takings of Victuals and other their Goods, by Purveyors of the said Chief Ministers, and very frequently by Command of those Ministers hath been lamentably depressed; We will and stedfastly command, that Purveyances of Vidluals to be made in the said Land of Ireland, for the Use of Us and our said Chief Ministers, shall be made according to the Form of the Statutes and Articles made and passed by Us in Parliaments and other great Coun.cils for the Benefit of our People, and not otherwise; So that Vidluals or other Things whatsoever to be taken for such Use, shall be appraised by the good and lawful Men of the Neighbourhood of the Places where they shall happen to be taken, sworn thereto and not menaced nor compelled by Menaces, having regard to the Price whereat such Vidluals and Things are sold in the neighbouring Markets, and the Price shall be paid forthwith : And if for dearth of Money, the said Purveyors do make Tallies of such Price to them of whom the Vidluals and Things be taken, according to the said Price, they shall pay the same within one or two Months. So always that for small Vidlual and Things so bought and taken, that is to say, within the Sum of Twenty Shillings, there shall be ready Payment in Hand made : And if our Chief Ministers shall negledl the same, We will and com.mand that our Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being, shall pay the said Price without Difficulty, out of the Fees which they our Chief Ministers do receive at our Exchequer of Dublin; or else that so much shall be subtradled from the Fee of the said Treasurer, and paid for the same Vidluals, for his Default in this Behalf: And that the Purveyors deputed to purvey such Vidluals, shall make their Corporal Oath upon the Holy Gospels of God before our Council of Ireland, That they will purvey and take Vidluals where it may be done to the greatest Advantage for Us and our Ministers, and the least Damage to our People, according to the Form of our Commissions thereof to be made to them under our Great Seal of Ireland ; which shall contain the Method and Form of making such Purveyances, according to the Tenors of the Statutes and Articles aforesaid ; and that Clause especially, Ò If they do otherwise it shall be done of them, as of Thieves And that they will not take Gifts or Fines from any, that they may spare them and grieve others; and no Vidluals or other Things shall be taken or purveyed, as is abovesaid, for the Use aforesaid, by any Commissions of our said Chief Ministers under their Seals, but only by Commissions under our Great Seal of Ireland : And We will moreover that such Purveyances shall be made by Deliberation as well of our Council, as of certain lawful and trust-worthy Persons among the Chiefs of those Neighbourhoods wherein they our said Chief Ministers shall abide, or whereto they shall happen to come; So that the Grievances in that Behalf may cease, which have hitherto woefully oppressed our liege People of Ireland. But We will not for the Honour and Worship of God, and our Holy Mother Church, that any thing be taken in anywise in Churches, or the Endowments and Fees of Churches, to the Use of Us or those Ministers, either by those our Ministers, Purveyors, or any others, against the Will of the Prelates or Ecclesiastical Persons or the Guardians of their Places and Goods.

Also, Whereas through the Default and Negledl of our said Chief Ministers, our Peace in divers Parts of the same Land, as well without the Marches as within the same, hath been improvidently kept, whereby Thieves, Malefadlors, and Disturbers of the said Peace being made bolder, have hitherto publicly committed Manslaughters and Robberies, as well in the Lands of our Peace as m the Marches, and have exadled Fines and Ransoms of divers, thattney mightlet them go in peacCj

quolibet in eop g*vamen ex broccagio vel alio sinistro pacto, ad suu vel dno£ suoj opus recepint, illud plene

solvent! restituant, & nichilomin9 p excessu hujusmodi erga nos, p Justic & consiliu nfm Hifen debite puni- ant' ; & ronabilem, put eisdem Justid & consilio nris expedire videbit', faciant nob finem, & amoveantÕ sta- tim ut ptangit' a comitivis eojdem: districcius Justic nfo Hibn qui p tempore fSit injungentes, qd hoc penes se fideli? observet & penes alios faciat observari.

Item cu populus quasi p totam Hibn nob subjeftus p spoliacoes & capcoes vidlualiu, & alioj bonoj suoj p pvisores dPop majop Ministrox, & sepissime de man- dato ipoa Ministro^ lamentabilir sit depssus; volum9 & firmir pcipim9 qd pvisiones vidlualiu ad nfm & defop majop Ministrop nrop opus in dca tra Hibn fa- ciende, fiant juxta' formam statutop & articulop p nos in pliamentis & aliis magnis consiliis ad militate populi nfi editop & fcop & non ali?; ita qd vidlualia sive res alie quecucp, ad opus hujusmodi capiend p pbos & leg holes, locis ubi ea capi contiglit vicinos, juratos, non cominatos, nec cominac&ibj compulsos, hita considera.te ad pciu quo talia vidlualia & res in vicinis iScatis venduntÕ, appeient', & statim fPciu psolvat': et si imi- nente pecunie defedlu, pvisores pdei tallias de pcio ipo illis a quiba vidlualia & res capta fuW juxta dem pciu faciant, infra unu vel duos menses pciu ipm solvant. Ita semp qd p modicis vidlualibj & rebj sic emptis & captis, videh infra sumam viginti solidop, in manu so- lucio pmpta fiat; et si majores Ministri nri (Õ) fa?e neglexint, volum9 & pcipim9 qd Thes nr Hibn, qui p tempore fSit, d2m pciu, de feodis que ipi majores mi- nistri nri ad seÕem nfm Dublin pcipiant, sine difficultate sol vat; alioquin tantum de feodo dci Thes subtrahat', & p eisdem vidlualibj ob ejus in hac pte culpa solvat': et qd pvisores ad vidlualia hujusmodi pvidend deputati, coram consilio nro Hibn corpale pstent sup sea Dei

igelia juramentO, qd vidlualia ipa pvidebunt & ntl llbl ad majus comodu nfm & ministry nroa, in' dampnii populi nfi fieri poPit, sedm forma' ssionu nrap, eis sub magno sigillo nro Hibn inde idap, que contineant modu & formam pvidenciap smodi, juxla tenores statute^ & articulop pdeof adap ; & sj5aliÕt illam clausulam, Si alii? fepint, fiat s sicut de Latronib;; qdq, fines seu dona ab aliis recipiant ut eis parcant & alios g*vent; & qd nulla alia seu res alie ad opus pdem p aliquas comis- s dcojs majors Ministrop nfop sub sigillis suis, set i p comissiones sub magno sigillo nfo Hibn, ca- seu pvideant' ut est don : et volum9 insup qd ones hujusmodi fiant p delibaebem tarn consilii jÒm quondam pbo^ & fidedigno^ holm de majorib}, cinis ptibj in quibj ipi majores ministri nri moram it, vel ad quas eos contigit declinare; ut cessent pte g*vamina que populu nfm fidelem Hibn hac- lacrimabili? opsserunt. Nolum9 tamen, ob hono- & revenciam Dei, sceq, mris eccfie, qd quicqÕm in s aut ecctiap dotibj & feodis ad nfm aut ipoji mim- opus p ijxjs Ministros nfos pvisores seu quosvis cont" volunratem plato^ aut ecctiastic^ psona^, dustodum locojs & bono^ eojjdem, aliqualit capiat - m cu pp? defedlu & desidiii didlojS majoji nfoij, pax nfa, in divsis ejusdem tre ptib5 tam ma rchias q*m in eis, fSit impvide custodita, p quo aes, malefcores & dee pacis pturbatores au i, homicidia & robias, tam in tris pacis q thiis, hadlen9 publice ppetr*unt, & fines c' re a divÕsis hoibj ut eos in pace dimittent exeg

& p cominac&es de corpib3 int ficiend 8c domibj incen- dend extorserunt; sicq, in diesis ptib3 ubi pax viguit, fca est guerrina marchia, & affliccio populop: volum9 & district jPcipim9, qd Justic nr Hibii qui nunc est vel qui p tempe fSit, in quolibet Coiii ubi sessiones suas feSit de hujusmodi homicidis & homicidiis, latro- nib3 & latrociniis, t*n$gressorib3 & t*nsgressionib3, ac hujusmodi fines & redempcoes exigentib3 & extorquen- tib3, necnon de illis qui dicunt' holes otiosi, & male- fcoribj qui etiam Kernys dicunt', & eos ducentib3, p quos populus fidelis divsap pciti opprimit' & destruit', & q m plures eo£ loca ppria relinquere coartantr, sepe Sc sepius in anno inquisicoes faciat diligentes, & subire justiciam indcatos, si indignaebem nram & debitam erga nos punicoem voluÕit evitare. Volum9 insup & pci- pim9, qd residentes in patria ubi b9i latrones k male- fcores vagari, 8c furta 8c latrocinia ppetÕri continget, illis de eadem patria de bonis suis p p>dcos spoliatis 8c derobbatis, satisfaccoem exhibeant competent?, si hujus.modi latrones 8c malefcores cu clamore &c hutesio psecuti non fiiint, nec responderint de corporiby eop- dem, juxta formam statuti dudum apud Wynton editi 8c pvisi: et si Custodes pacis in Coin dee tre nre Hibn circa execucoem officii sui fSint negligentes, Volum9 8c pcipim9 qd de eoij negligencia & impvido gestu p Justic nrm Hibii sepissime inquirat'; & ipe eos p incar- ?acoem corpop suo£, & p fines nobiscu faciendos, juxta modu, qualitatc, & q'ntitatem culpaij negligentiap 8c defeduu suo£, puniat k castiget.

Item, cu occone cartap de pdonacoe feloniajj 8c tÕns- gressionu, p Justic nros Hibn qui haften9 extiterint geSaliV 8c impvide concessa^, sedicbes, homicidia, robie, latrocinia 8c tÕnsgressiones frequencius fSint ppe- trata, aliaq, mala exinde innunia sint secuta ; Volum9 8c pPcipim9 qd carte hujusmodi de cero, non nisi in plia- mentis, aut consiliis de assensu 8c delibacoe eo^dem pliamentop k consilio^ consideratis psonajs 8c maleficiop ppetratop qyalitatib, concedant': ita qd nulla geSalis pdonaco inde fiat, set specificent' 8c exprimant' in eis- dem ppetrate felonie, sive tÓnsgressiones ; juxta tenorem cujusdam statuti p nos 8c consiliu nrm Angt editi, 8c missi ad Hibn observnnd.

Item cu Consiliu nrm Hibn, nonnulliq^ Prelati, Mag.nates, coitates Civitatu & Villa<>, 8c alii eciam missi nuncii de Hibn, p Iras 8c suggestiones nos k consiliu nrm in Angl de dieb3 in dies PtificavW min9 vere, qd bona pax in dca tra nra Hibii viguit, 8c paces ubilibet sive in divÕsis marchiis fSant reformate; quib; tempib5 majora ex repentinis hostium invasion^ homicidia, in- cendia 8c depdacbes marchia^ Anglicoji 8c alia inco- moda q'm guerra£ tempibv contingebant; nosc^ de hujusmodi ctificacoib3 confidentes, defensiones aliaq, remedia put oportuit non pvidim9 tempib3 oportunis, unde debilitant' dii/se patrie 8c vastant'; quas decep- coes k delusiones in ^tificacbibs hujusmodi sub silencio t*nsire non intendim9, set punire: Volum9, 8c sub g' vi forisfeura nra pci pirn9, qd nulli deceto Prelati, Mag.nates, coitates, aut quivis alii nos k consiliu nrm in tali casu, nisi de fei vifate ad pcuracoes quo^cuq, mini.strop nrop seu alias, ctificare p evitandis futuris piculis audeant vel psumant; quod si fa?e psumpserint, eos si culpabiles inventi fuint, puniri pena debita faciem9.

Item cu p maritagia k alias divsas alligacoes 8c in- fanciu nutrimenta int Anglicos morantes in marchiis et Hibnicos, 8c p pmunicbes 8c exploracoes utrobiq, fcas occbnib3 sup'dcis, infinite destructives & mala alia hacten9 evenerunt, k expedieoes nre 8c Justic nrop ibidem nfo noie, tam in guerrinis actibj q'm aliis

Vol. I.

and by threatenings to kill them and to burn their House* have extorted the same; and thus in divers Parts where Peace hath been wont to flourish, the March hath become full of War and the People afHi&ed : We will and stri£Hy command that our Justice of Ireland, now or for the Time being, in every County where he shall hold his Sessions, concerning such Manslayers and Manslaughters, Robbers and Robberies, Trespasses and Trespassers, and the Exa&crs and Extorters of such Fines and Ransoms, and also concerning those who are called Idle men, and Malefactors called Kerns and those who lead them, by whom our liege People of divers Parts are oppressed and destroyed, and many of them com.pelled to leave their Homes, many Times and often in the Year, shall make diligent Inquiries, and cause the Parties indiCted to suffer Justice, if he would avoid our Indignation and the Punishment due on our Behalf.

Moreover We will and command that the Inhabitants of the Country where it shall happen that such Robbers and Ma.lefactors shall be wandering and committing Robberies and Thefts, shall make competent Satisfaction to them of the same Country who are robbed and plundered of their Goods by the Persons aforesaid, if they did not pursue such Robbers and Malefactors with Hue and Cry, nor have answered for their Bodies, according to the Form of the Statute heretofore at Winchester made and provided: And if the Keepers of the Peace in the Counties of cur said Land of Ireland should be negli.gent in the Execution of their Office, We will and command that, touching their NcgleCt and MisconduCt, by our Justice of Ireland frequent Inquiry shall be had ; and them, by Impri.sonment of their Bodies, and by Fines to be made to Us, ac.cording to the Manner, Quality, and Quantity of their Faults, NegleCts, and Offences, shall he punish and chastise.

ALSO, Whereas by Occasion of Chatters of Pardon of Felo.nies and Trespasses, by them who have hitlierto been our Justices of Ireland, generally and improvidently granted, Sedi.tions, Manslaughters, Robberies, Thefts, and Trespasses have been more frequently committed, and other Evils innumerable have ensued thereupon ; We will and command that such Char.ters shall not be granted from henceforth, except in Parliaments or Councils, by the Assent and Advice of the same Parlia.ments and Councils, having regard to the Qualities of the Persons and of the Offences committed : So that no general Pardon be thereof granted, but the Felonies or Trespasses committed shall be specified and expressed therein, according to the Tenor of a certain Statute by Us and our Council of England made, and sent into Ireland to be observed.

ALSO, Whereas our Council of Ireland and certain Prelates, Great Men, Commonalties of Cities and Towns, and likewise others being Messengers sent from Ireland, have by Letters and Suggestions untruly certified Us and our Council of Eng.land from Time to Time that there was good Peace preserved in our said Land of Ireland, and that the Peaces in all Parts or in divers Marches had been re-established ; in which Times there fell out greater Manslaughters, Burnings, and Plunderings of the English Marches and other Mischiefs from sudden Inva.sions of the Enemy than in the Times of Wars; and Wc con.fiding in these Certificates, did not provide Defences and proper Remedies as behoved Us, in convenient Time, whereby divers Countries are weakened and wasted ; the which Deceits and Delusions in such Certificates we intend not to pass over in Silence, but to punish ; Wc will, and under grievous For.feiture to Us do command, that from henceforth no Prelates, Great Men, Commonalties, or any others, for the avoiding of future Dangers, shall dare or presume, upon the Procurations of any of our Officers or otherwise, to certify Us and our Council in fuch Case, except of the Truth of the Facl; but if they presume fo to do, and be thereof found Guilty, We will cause them to suffer just Punishment.

ALSO, Whereas by Marriages and divers other Ties and the nursing of Infant Children, among the English dwelling in the Marches and the Irish, and by Forewarnings and Espyals made on both Sides by the Occasions aforesaid, infinite Destruaions and other Evils have happened hitherto, and the Expeditions of Us and our Justices there in our Name, as well in ads of

4Y

The Justice of Ireland ¥hall enquire of Man.slaughters, Robberies, Extortions, &c.

Inhabitants of the Country shall make Satisfaction forRobberics, &c.

Keepc rs of the Peace shall be

punished for their negligence.

VI.

Charters of Pardon shall not be granted, except in Parliament or Council;

Felonies shall be specified in Pardons.

VII.

The Council, &c. shall certify into England the Truth only respefting the State of Ireland.

viii. Marriages between the English and the Irish prohibited.

IX.

The Mayor# and other Officers of the Staple shall not exceed their Juriidiftion.

X.

Champarty

forbidden.

XI.

Common Pleas shall not be pleaded in the Exchequer.

XII. Bills and Suggestions shall be transmitted, under the Great Seal of England,

War as in other useful Progresses have been impeded ; Wc will and command that such Marriages, to be contradled between English and Irish, and other private Ties and nursing of Infant Children, shall from henceforth cease, and be alto.gether done away; and that our Justice of Ireland for the Time being shall make diligent Inquiry from Time to Time, of such Marriages between English and Irish, and Ties and nursing of Infants, and of the Adherings together, Forewarn.ings and Espyals made by such Occasions, if hereafter any shall happen to be contrafled or made, and shall punish the Offend.ers according to the Law and Custom of our Land of Ireland.

ALSO, Wheteas the Mayors, Constables, and other Officers of the Staple of Ireland, by Colour of the Statute of the Staple, do hold Cognizance of, and make erroneous and unjust Pro.cesses in, Pleas of Debt and Trespasses, and divers other Complaints, which concern not the Traffick of the Staple, and of old Caufes before the Time of the said Staple, like as in Matters and Pleas of the Staple, to the very grievous Damage of our People of those Parts: We will, and do injoin and command, that the said Mayors, Constables, or other Officers of the saiil Staple, do not hold any other Pleas than those which belong to them, according to the Effeft, Form, and Tenor of the abovesaid Statute of the Staple; But if they fo do, our said Justice shall from Time to Time thereof make Inquiry, and fhall duly punish the Offenders.

ALSO, Whereas certain Officers both Great and Small, and the Serjeants who plead in our Courts there, and sometimes the Clerks of the Courts, notwithstanding the Sta.tutes passed touching Champarties, as well for Gifts and Bargains, as mutual Covenants among themselves and some of the Parties pleading before them, to have the Lands in Plea when they should be recovered, have maintained and defended and aided one of the Parties; so that commonly the Land so in Plea, and recovered through an Error in Justice by the Maintenance and Aid of the aforesaid Serjeants and Officers, hath remained in the Hands of some One of them, without his paying any thing or but little for the same ; and thus the Parties be cheated out of their Land, and having lost the Expences incurred by the Cause, have been brought unto Poverty or a State of Misery: We will and command, and do striftly injoin, under grievous Forfeiture to LTs, and under the Penalties contained in the said Statutes, That none of our Officers Great or Small, Serjeants or any Clerks whatever, do make or carry on such Maintenances, Defences, or Aids of Parties upon such Occasions against Justice, nor do obtain Land so in Plea, or attempt any Thing else against the Form of the same Statutes.

ALSO, Whereas Writs of Debt and Trespass and other Things besides, which ought to be pleaded before our Justices at the Common Law, are commonly pleaded in our Exchequer of Dublin by Writs of the same Exchequer, whereby our Treasurer and Barons, and the Clerks of the same Exchequer, being occupied about such Pleas, are hindered from attending to the Businesses of Us and our People, which belong to their Offices in the same Exchequer by the Law and Custom thereof; whereby the said Businesses are daily delayed, to the grievous Damage of Us and our People; We will, and striflly injoining do command, that such Common Pleas be not pleaded in the said Exchequer, contrary to the Form of the Statute thereof made and provided ; and that the Chancellor of the same Exchequer, if he do sign such Common-Law Writs, or do cause or suffer the same to be signed under the Seal of the said Exchequer, for the Contempt done unto Us, and for the Wrong brought upon the Party, shall before our Justice either by our Writ or by Bill, answer as it behoveth him to do.

ALSO, Whereas through false and untrue Suggestions of certain Persons of Ireland passing to and fro, having barking mouths, and striving to injure the Fame and Reputation of our good Officers and other liege Subjefts in those Parts, as well by Bills as Suggestions, not without Scandal, the Affairs of Us and our Land arc thereby many Times obstructed ; We will and

A.D.

comodiferis j?gressib3, extiPant impedite; Volutv & p>cipim9 qd hujusmodi confhenda in? Anglicos & Hibnicos matrimonia, cePeq, private ailigac5eS & nutrimenta infanciu cessent de ce?o & penitus dimit tarn'; & qd Justic nr Hibn, qui p tempore fa

de tempore in tempus de hujusmodi matrimoniis int* Anglicos et Hibnicos, alligacoibj, infancium nutri mentis, ac de adhesionib3, p>municoib3 & exploracoibi hiis occ6nib3 faciend, ^si que deceto confhi vd fieri continget, diligent inquirat & punjat ^ legem & consuetudinem Pre nfe Hibn delinquentes

Item cum Majores, Constabularii, & alii Ministri Sta- pule Hibn, colore^ statuti ejusdem stapule, in ptitis debitop t'nsgressionu & aliap diPsap querelap, que 4i- monia de stapula non concfnunt, & de antiquis [acc6ib3'] dcam stapulam p>cedentib3, sicut in negociis & pKtis de stapula cognoscant, & pcessus faciant erroneos & injustos, in dampnu populi nri eapdem pciu valde g*ve: Volum9 & phibendo p>cipim9 ne dci Majores, Constabularii, aut alii Ministri dele stapule ptita alia teneant nisi ea que ad eos ptinent, sedm vim, formam, & tenorem statuti de stapula supÕddi; quod si fe?int, dcus Justic nr de tempore in tempus inde inquirat, & de- bite puniat excedentes.

Item cu quidam Ministri, tam majores qÔm minores ac svientes in Cur nris ibidem plitantes, & quandoq ctici placeap, non obstantib3 statutis de cambiptib, editis, tam ppt murJa & pafta qÒm mutuas convencoes in? ipos et quosdam pciu coram eis ptitanciu, de tris ptitatis cum recupate fu'int hend, alPam ptem manute- nSint, defenderint & juverint; ita qd coir tra b9i ptitata, & p manutenenciam, & defensionem Ministrop & €vientu p*dcop errante justicia recupata, penes aliquem eop, nichil pinde solvendo, vel modicu, remanebat; sicqs ptes tra sua fraudate, feisq, expensis circa ipa plita pditis, ad pauptatem vel statu miseru ducebant': Volum9 & p>cipim9, & sub g"vi forisfeura nfa & sub penis ecia in dcis statutis contentis districcius inhibem9, ne qui Ministri nri majores vel minores, svientes aut ctici quicuq, hujus- modi manutenencias, defensiones, seu auxilia ptib3 hiis occ&nib3 contÒ justiciam faciant vel impen- dant, nec ti9i tram plitatam sic adquirant, seu quic- qam aliud atteinptent contÕ formam statutop eopdem.

Item, cum bfia de debitis, (') t*nsgressionib3, & alia eciam que cora Justic nfis ad coem legem ptitari deberent, in ScÒcio nro Dublin p bria ejusdem sc'cii wit ptitent', p quod Thes & Barones nri, ac ctici de eode scÔcio circa hujusmodi ptita intendentes, impedm existant, quomin9 circa nra & populi nri negocia, que ad officn sua in eodem sc'cio de jure & consuetudme ejusdem scÕcii ptinent, vacare possint; P qd ipa negocia m nfi & populi nri gÒve dampnu indies retardant : o-

turn9 & firmi? inhibendo p>cipim9, ne hujusmodi coa ptita in dco scÒcio ptitent' cent* formam editi & pvisi, & qd Cancellar ^CUÕ. Ò

modi bna ad coem legem sub stgillo da sccu consg A ve. consignari fe?it vel pmiserit, de nob fco, ac de gÕvamme pti dlato, co J _ h?e nfm vel p billam respondeat ut [debem j

hem cu p falsas & min9 veras suggesuow; quoy

dam de Hiblf inPcurrencm, & f

nitenciucj, famam & opinione bonop nu ?

aliop fideliu in illis Pnb3, tam p b Èasq ^

non sine scandalo depravare, e & dinam9, qd

gocia [frequetius4] impetunt j Volum

¥ occonibj > debebat

1 &

4 frequences

Si

!$

'u.

¥V;

Vi

Ç[$

5*>1,

Mi

V.

Hint

Vi

ÒWi

H

s

.a*

ait;

pa

dtts>

afa

ip,

.M

Çpi

Vit

fie

fa:

as.t

ni .

Ril

ax

nkli

Er

it

\tk t

is

m

fis

fir:'

'&.

ffil

ii*

ri*

:s#

iK

ik*

f*

f

de ce?o hujusmodi bille & suggestiones, in scriptis re- dafte, sub sigillo Cancellar Angt p tempe existentis. ad justic, Cancellar & Thes nros Hibii qui p tempe f&int t*nsmittantr; ut ipi, vocatis ad se aliis quos vocandos viderint, in p>sencia dcop in?currenciu, sive broccatop, quos simili? ad Hibii remitti volum9, de contentis in billis hujusmodi & suggestion'^ f^dcis diligent in- quirant; & si bille & suggestiones vitatem contineant, defe&us juste corrigant & emendent. Et si ipi intcur- rentes & broccatores falsa & mendacia suggesserint, pena debita puniant1, ut pena ipa exemplu aliis pbeat a talibj abstinendi.

Item, licet in pacum reformacbibj in? Justic nrm Hibii et Hibnicos, sup guerris hinc inde mods, fuisset coi? expssatu, qd de dampnis dads p injuriantes, vio- laris pacibj, vel fcis p invasiones mutuis depÕdacoibj, fieret bono£ restitucio, vel debita satisfaccio, dampna passis; ipi tamen Justic circa satisfaccbem hujusmodi injuriatis Anglicis impendend haften9 insis?e non cura- bant, p quod dci Anglici haden9 depssi fffant, & ditati exinde hostes, paces eo ciciusr umpe, & dep'dacbes, ac alia dira mala fat?e, satagebant; Volum9 & firmit pcipim9, qd Justic Hibii, qui p tempe fSit, cu p paces & pacum tradatus, seu alias ordinatii fSit, qd hujus.modi satisfaccio fieret hinc & inde, diligen? insistat & intendat ut fiat in casu hujusmodi mutua justicia, & celeris satisfaccio injuriam pacientibj in hac pte.

Item, cu vicecomites Com Hibii nonnulla & di?sa debita de viridi cera, & alia currencia p sumonic&es & extradas, & alias in demandis, de ballivajj sua£ populis sepe & itatis vicibj p gÕves districcoes leva?int; & nec se in compotis suis orvavint, nec solventes, ad dcm sc'cm acquietavint, in nri g've dampnu & depssionem populi manifestam; Volentes remediu apponle in hac pte, Volum9 & firmi? pci pirn9, qd Justic nr Hibii p tempe existens, in singulis Coni, in quiby suas fec'it ses- siones diligent, videft ad min9 semel in anno, inquirat de hujusmodi debitis, p ipos, de populo sive semel sive pluries vicecomitiby sic solutis, videft tarn de tempe p?ito put expedire viderit q"m futuro; & oiiiia hujus.modi debita, que p tallias seu acquierancias dco^ vice- comitu aut subvic, seu svientu eo^dein Coin genaliu, seu senescallo^ vel ballivo^, aut aliop ministrojs, vel p inquisicoes inde faciend, aut alio ntodo legitimo con- stare po?it eis p ipos de populo soluta fuisse, una cum noibj recipienciu & solvenciu irrotulari, AÕ in scriptis redigi, & rotulos illos sub sigillo suo ad scÕcm pVlein mitti faciat; ad effedum ut Thes & Barones de eodem scÕcio, inspedis rotulis ipis, scrutatisq, rotulis compote^ ipo£ viC & aliop ministro^ p'dco^, ibidem resielenrib;, ac aliis rotulis & memorandis phnissa tangentibj, vo.catis ipis vie ministris & aliis qui fuint evocanui, eos- dem vie & Ministros de sumis, quas eos constate po?it sic levasse, & se in compotis suis aut alio modo non orrasse, eosdem oSari, & p concelamentis in ea pte puniri. & solventes inde, ad idem sc'cm acquietari, & si iide debitores unit & idem debitu pluries solvent, eos.dem vie & ministros, seu eop heredes aut executores, ad restituend illud ultn unam vicem receptum ipis de- bitoribt, eo^ heredibj seu executoribt, compelli [faciat Õ] utestjustu. Et si Justic pVlcus circa hec vacare non po?it, ex causis variis ppeditus, volum9 & p'cipim9 qd tres vel duo, de fidelioribj & iegalioribj hoTbj ipop Com, p comissiones sub tnagno sigillo nro quo utim' in Hibii, assignent' ad inquirend, & ad oiiiia alia in eodem articulo contenta faciend & explend in forma fPdtfa.

1 fac Rot. Pat. [read facial)!]

ordain that from henceforth such Bills and Suggestions, when put into Writing, shall be transmitted under the Seal of our Chancellor of England for the Time being, to our Justice, Chancellor, and Treasurer of Ireland for the Time being: To the End that they, calling unto them such others as they shall think meet to be called, in the Presence of the said Comers to and fro, or Brocagers, whom we do likewise will to be sent back into Ireland, shall make diligent Inquiry of the Contents of such Bills and Suggestions aforesaid; and if the Bills and Suggestions do contain Truth, they shall duly correft and amend the Defaults. And if the said Comers to and fro, and Brocagers have suggested Falsehoods and Lies, they shall suffer due Punishment, that fuel) Punishment may afford a Warning to others to abstain from such Things.

ALSO, Although in the Treaties of Peace between our Justice of Ireland and the Irish, upon the Wars moved on either Side, it hath been commonly expressed that for Damages caused by Wrong-doers, Peace broken, or mutual Depreda.tions done by Invafions, Restitution of Goods or due Satif- fa&ion fhould be made to the Sufferers; but the said Justices heretofore have not cared to insist upon the making such Satisfaction to the English Party injured, whereby the said English have been hitherto depressed, and the Enemies being thence enriched have been eager so much the sooner to break the Peace, and to commit Plunders and other direful Evils; We will and stcdfastly command, that the Justice of Ireland for the Time being, when it shall have been ordained by Peaces and Treaties of Peace, or otherwise, that fuch Satisfaction shall be made on either Side, shall diligently insist and take care, that in such Case mutual Justice and speedy Satisfaction be done to the Sufferers of the Wrong in that Behalf.

to the Justice, Chancellor, and Treasurer of Ireland; and Inquiry shall be made thereon.

XIII.

On Treaties of Peace concluded between the Justice of Ireland and the Irish, the stipulated Satisfaflion shall be strictly exacted.

ALSO, Whereas the Sheriffs of Counties in Ireland have often and repeatedly by grievous Distresses levied, of the People of their Bailiwicks, many and divers Debts of the Green Wax, and other Debts arising upon Summons and Estreats, and otherwise in Demand; and have neither charged themselves in their Accounts, nor, at the Exchequer aforesaid acquitted them who paid, to our great Damage and the manifest De.pression of the People; We being minded to apply a Remedy in this Behalf, do will and stcdfastly command, that our Justice of Ireland for the Time being, in every County where he shall hold his Sessions, shall diligently inquire, that is to say once in the Year at least, concerning such Debts so paid to the Sheriffs by those of the People, whether once or more, that is to say, as well for the Time past, as he shall deem e.vpedicnt, as for the Time to come ; and all such Debts, which, by Tallies or Acquittances of the said Sheriffs, or the Under Sheriffs or Serjeants-generul of those Counties, or Stewards, or Bailiffs, or other Officers, or by Inquests thereof to be taken or by other lawful Means, it shall be made appear, have been paid to them by those of the People, together with the Names of the Receivers and Payers, he shall cause to be inrolled and put into Writing, and the Rolls to be sent under his Seal to the Exchequer aforesaid : To the end, that the Treasurer and Barons of the same Exchequer, upon impeding those Rolls, and examining the Rolls there abiding of Accounts of those Sheriffs and other Officers aforesaid, and other Rolls and Remembrances touching the Premises, calling before them the Sheriffs Officers and others who should be called, Ihall caufe them the faid Sheriffs and Officers, with the Sums which it may be made appear that they did so levy, without charging them.selves in their Accounts or otherwise for the same, to be charged, and for the Concealments in that Behalf to be punished, and the Payers of the same at the said Exchequer to be ac.quitted, and if the same Debtors shall luve paid One and the same Debt many Times, the same Sheriffs and Officers or their Heirs or Executors, to be compelled to restore the same beyond one Receipt to the faid Debtors, their Heirs or Execu.tors, as is just. And if the aforesaid Justice cannot attend to these Matters, being hindered from various Causes, We wili and command, that three or two of the most trufty and lawful Men of those Counties shall be assigned by Commissions under our Great Seal which we use in Ireland, to inquire, and to do and fulfil all other 1 lungs in the same Article contained, in the Form aforesaid.

XIV.

The Justice of Ireland shall

enquire of the KingÕs Debts paid to the Sheriffs ;

and certify them with the Names of the Receiver* and Payers into the Exchequer.

Treasurer and Barons shall charge the Sheriffs thereon, and acquit the Payers.

The Justice of Ireland shall compel Sheriffs to refund, where the same Debt hath been many Times paid.

XV.

Acquittances of Debts in the Exchequer shall be entered on the Rolls of the Remem.brancers.

XVI.

The King's Subjects shall not be taken or imprisoned by the Justices without Indictments, or Present.ments.

XVII. The Justice of Ireland with the Assistance of a Prelate and Earl, the Chancellor and others, shall yearly inquire into the Conduct of inferior Officers.

ALSO, Although many of our Debtors have paid their Debts required of them, at the aforesaid Exchequer, and have been discharged and acquitted thereof in the great Rolls of the same Exchequer, ye.t those Debtors, in the Rolls of the Re.membrancers of the same Exchequer, whence the Exa&ion of those Debts hath issued, are not acquitted of the faid Debts ¥, whereby the very Debts paid do almost daily run in Demand, and they being so acquitted, nevertheless under pretext of Exadions issuing from the RemembrancerÕs Offices, by grievous Distresses, with grievous Expenses and Travail, being com.pelled to come to the said Exchequer upon this Occasion, and to plead, and to pay large Sums for making Searches in the same RemembrancerÕs Offices, are miserably depressed; We will therefore, and do stedfastly command, that the Treasurer and Barons of the Exchequer aforesaid, do injoin and cause the Engrossers of the same Exchequer, when any such Debtors shall have been made quit of Debts in the same Rolls, forth.with to shew those Acquittances to the aforesaid Remem.brancers, and the faid Remembrancers to be thereof in like Manner discharged and acquitted in their Rolls; under a duely grievous Penalty, pecuniary or other, upon those in whom Negleft or Omission in this Behalf shall be found, by our said Justice and others of our Council, in their Difcretion, to be imposed.

ALSO, Whereas certain of our Justices of Ireland have arrested taken and imprisoned divers Men of Ireland Great and Small, by Writs, Precepts, Bills, and otherwise, at their Will, anil without Indiftments, Presentments, or due Pro.cesses, and have detained them in dark Prisons and bound in Fetters, until through Duresses, Imprisonments, and Pains inflifted, they paid Fines and Ransoms to the Justices and their private Counsellers and Brocagers according to their Pleafure, to their own personal Profit and not ours, again!! the Form of the Great Charter and other our Statutes there.upon made, and against the Law and Custom of the said Land ; So that by Means of such private Counsellers and their Covetousness and personal Profits, our Rights and those of our Crown and our Profits have been often withdrawn, injured, subverted, and lost; and likewise many Persons, as well those indi&ed, as those not mdieled, being imprisoned, have besought the said Justices to have their Deliverances according to the. Law and Custom of the said Land, which they could not obtain at the Common Law, until they made and paid in like Manner such Fines and Ransoms to the faid Justices and their private Counsellers, to receive for their own Use not our$, for having their Deliverances at the Com.mon Law, or gave them Security for the same as con.tented them j We will and stedfastly command, that Men beiug our Subjefts, without Indictments, or Presentments, or other due Processes, against the Form of the Charter and Statutes aforesaid and the Law and Custom abovementioned, by our Justices of Ireland, for the Time being, or their Lieu.tenants, or.by their Precepts, or Commands, or by Bills, shall by no Means be taken nor imprisoned. And if the contrary be clone,, as well for the Time past as in future, against the Offenders, according to the Advice of our Council, at the Complaints of the Party grieved and making Complaint, We will cause timely Remedy to be applied.

ALSO, Whereas by the good and discreet Government of Ministers, the Land and People are strengthened, and Affairs have a prosperous Issue, so by their Neglect and Folly unex.pected Evils do arise, Wrongs happen, and Businesses are in various ways obstructed, We will, and for the public Weal of Ourselves, and our Land and People of Ireland do ordain, That our Justice of Ireland for the Time being, taking unto him one Prelate and one Earl of the Parts nearest to those where the Inquests following are to be made, and the Chancellor and Treasurer and certain others of the more learned Justices of the Courts, and Barons of the Exchequer there, every Year about the middle of the Year, by the Oath of good and lawful Men, as well of Clerks as Knights and other lawful Men of the County of Dublin, and of other Coun.ties if need be of our said Land of Ireland, concerning the AClings and Doings of our Officers of the aforesaid Land, (the Chancellor, Treasurer, justices of both Courts and Barons of the aforesaid Exchequer, who are Judges in their own Courts,

. 4.JJ

Item, qÓmvis nonnulli debitores nn debita l exafta, ad seÕem p>dcm sol$W k in . 68

ejusdem scÒcii inde exoSati fSint & quieti^- debitores in rotulis rememoratoj ejusdem scÕcii'T? exaccio ipo? debito? pcesserit, de ipis debitis ^ qutetant'; p quod ipa soluta debita currum qUasi tidie in demanda, & ipi sic quieti nichilomia9 6tcxt. exaccionu de officiis rememorato? exeuttciu, n gÕves & tneebes cum expensis & laboribj g*vib3 coa& ad dfm sc*cm ea occbne venire & pfitare, & sumas gÇves n scrutinus in e.sdem rememorato* officiis faciend sol?! miserabilir depnmunt'; Volum9 icitr k firm;? n ¥ pirn9 qd Thes & Barones de Sc*ci<f p>dco i^uugam& faciant grossarios ejusdem sc'cii, cu quiefi* tales debi- tores de debitis in eisdem rotulis quieti fri f$jnt) inas quietancias statim pdcis rememoratoribj ostendere, & ipos rememoratores in rotulis suis iude similiV exoSari & quietari; sub g"vi pena illis in quib3 negligencia vel omissio in hac pte repta fait, p dem Justie nrm & alios de consilio nro, vel pecuniaria vel alia debita, p eos moderamine imponenda.

Item, cu quidam Justie nn Hibn, divsos holes Hibn majores & minores, p bria, p>cepta, billas & aliis modis voluntarie, k absqs indCamentis p>sentacoib3 seu debitis pcessib3 arestavW, cepint & iraprisonavW, in prisonisq obscuris & in ferris ligatos [derihjint,1] donee p duri- cias, imprisonamenta & infliftas penas, fines & redemp- coes cu ipis Justie, k eop privatis consiliariis & brod- catorib3, p eo£ voluntatib3, ad ipo£ singulare & non nrm comodum fec?int, cont* formam Magne Carte & alio^ statuto^ nro£ inde editoj, & cont* legem & con- suetudinem dee tVe; Ita qd p hujusmodi privates consiliarios, eopq, cupiditates & singularia sua comoda, jura nra k corone nre, ac comoda nra sepius sub- t raft a, lesa, subxPsa, & pdita fSint j et eciam nonnulli tarn indcati qÕm non indcati & imprisonati, pecierint a dcis Justie suas delifeacoes, sedm legem & consuetudi- nem dee tVe, quas ad coem legem here non potant, donee fines & redempeoes hujusmodi cu ipis Justie & eojs privatis consiliariis ad opus suit & non nrm pci- piend, p libacoib3 suis ad coem legem hend similit fe- cint k solvW, vel inde eis securitatem fe?int, unde reputavW se contentos : Volum9 & firm it pcipim9 qd holes subditi nri, absq indcamentis, p'sentacoibt, aut aliis debitis pcessib3> cont* formam carte & statutop fPdcojj, ac legem & consuetudinem sup*deas, p Justie nfos Hibn qui p tempe erunt, seu eo£ loca tenentes, aut eo£ pkrepta vel mandata seu billas nullaten9 capi- antr, nec imprisonent'. Et si cont riu fem ft it, tam p tempe p>Vito q*m future, cont* excedentes juxta delibacoem consilii nil, ad querelas gvat0^ ^ c0 querenciu apponi oportunu remediu faciem .

Item, cu p bonu k discrete Ministro? regimen m & populus solidentÕ, & pspe negocia pagenf, sic p negligenciam & incuriam inspata ^urcn * 9

orient', injnrie ti e*ped1£Ses VJr,e 1

& & popÇli

dinam9, qd JuÇlc m Hihf, qÈ. p tempe HÇ. Ó dbi uno Prelato k uno M.* *^.2^ subsequentes tnquisicbes fieri e en , ^ ^ &

Thes, ac quibusdam alus de Plt10" circa anni

Barotub, de Sc-cmtodem ,ÈobW ^ ^ mediu p saerm pbo? g & aIiis ec.am

militum, alÇo?q, leg hoim de ^ fc fib

Ç fSi.com.dc**, ac J.Èe

mmistroji nroji tre p > Ô . (Alco, qui m suis

de ut*q placea, & Barombj deScc.o K > dctinuiiitp


placeis sunt judices & reddunt judicia dumtaxat ex- ceplis, qualif vidett quilibet in officio suo se heat 8c officiu suu regat, & justiciam vel injurias, seu oppssiones vel g'vamina aut dampna, nob aut ipi populo nro tam in ptib3 qÔm in placea sua, colore officii sui seu comis- sionu regiajs sibi inde leap, faciat, vel ppt* muna jus.ticiam pv'tat, seu quemq'm gravet, ac de ofnibj cir- cumstancils & aliis que nob dampnu seu pjudiciu & populo nro injuriam gen!ent, vel gÒvamen, diligent* in- quirat: & de hiis singulis que sic p inquisicoes hujus- modi compta fi/int, nos & consiliu nrm in Angl, sub sigillo suo 8c sigillis sic assumpto^, ac eo£ eciam p quos fee fSint, c?tificet indilate: injungentes eide Justic qd deas inquisicoes in forma p*dca annuatim capiat & nos inde Ctificet ut est d£m. Volum9 insup & p>cipiendo or- dinam9, qd dci inferiores Ministr nri, exceptis majoriby Ministris ut p*d£m est, vidett eop singuli in fine cujus- libet anni si opus fuit, ac eciam cum remoti fuint ab officiis suis, statim post remocoes suas hujusmodi, coram ptyato Justic & aliis assumendis pdcis, de excessibj suis & aliis sup'dcis, tam ad nram q*m populi nri 8c sin- gulariu psonap de eodem populo seiStam, respondeant, & justiciam subeant sedm legem 8c consuetudine tre nre Hibn antedee; quod p dem Justic fieri volum9 & mandam9; ac idem Justic, & alii sibi assumpti nos & consiliu nrm in Angt quociens opus fuit eciam <?tifi- cent de statu ejusdem tVe nre, & negocio^ nrop ibidem, ac gestibj Ministro^ {Pdcoij.

Item licet tam illi de Hibn Anglici oriundi, qÒm ipi de Angt nati & in Hibn convsantes, sint veri Anglici, & sub nfis degant dnio & regimine, 8c eisdem legib3, jurib3, & consuetudinib3 contant', varie tamen dissen- siones 8c manutenencie, rone nacois in? ipos de Hibn, et illos de Angt natos sunt suborte, & fiunt hinc 8c inde, unde nonulla mala haften9 contigerunt, 8c de fu- turis majorib3 est timend, nisi sup hoc remediu appo- natr; velum9 & firmit? pcipim9 qd dcus Justic nr, vo- catis ad se Cancellar 8c Thes nfis Hibn ac quibusdam Prelatis & Comitib3, quos evocandos nov*it cum in vicinis ptib3 fuint, de h9i dissentionib3 cum oriant' 8c manutenenciis, ac de noiby illop b9i dissensiones 8c tna- nutenencias, 8c se ptes facenciu sepe 8c sepius cum opus fuit fervent* inquirat; 8c delinquentes Õsvato pcessu debito, cum inde convicti seu culpabiles inventi fuint, p imprisonamenta corpop, 8c g'ves redempebes nobiscu faciend, 8c alias put justu fSit puniat 8c castiget: cii tales dissensiones 8c manutenencie non aliud sapiant qÒm scisma, 8c divisiones, ac pdicoes quodamodo in populo nob subdito peurare.

Item cu firmarii officii Ctici nJcati in Hibn, lucra ppria sicientes, non dci officii debitu juxta forma sta- tuti inde editi, nec alias ronabilit* exequant', set coi? p finib3 & aliis redempcoib3, r.iensuras 8c alia instru- menta ad officiu illud spectancia non vident nec exa.minant, nec frangunt falsa, nec bona consignant, nec alias delinquentes debite puniunt; 8c sepissime fines nob coram eis tcos, 8c anreiamenta ad nos ptinencia in ro- tulis suis inserta 8c irrotulata, solutis eis pecunia, aut mun!ib3 aliis ab ipis culpabilib3, fines 8c arliciamenta h9i ad nos sic speflancia, ab eop rotulis vel radendo delent, vel novos scriptos rotulos faciunt, in quib3 ipa fines 8c aniciamema sic dcleta non scribunt set ext* dimittunt, & fines 8c amciamenta fca 8c non irrotulata remittunt, 8c alias falsitates, extorsiones, oppssiones, g'vamina 8c excessus, tam nob qÕm populo nro in ptibj illis quasi p totam Hibn faciunt, 8c ca ac alia p'dca fecerunt, remiserunt, 8c ppetÕrunt, in nri contempts 8c

and award Judgement, alone excepted) that is to say, in what Manner each of them bcareth himself in his Office anil doeth his Duty, and how he doeth Justice, or Wrongs, or Oppressions, or Grievances, or Damage unto Us or our People, either in the Country or in his Place, by colour of his Office or of Royal Commissions thereof made to him, or for Gifts perverteth Justice or grieveth any Man, and of all Circumstances and other Things that cause Damage or Prejudice to Us and Wrong or Grievance to our People, shall make diligent Enquiry: and of every of those Things which shall be so Such Justice found by such Inquests, to Us and our Council in England, &c- Èhall under his Seal and the Seals of those so associated unto procce()jngS him, and of those likewise by whom the Inquests shall have to the King been made, he shall certify without Delay : We injoining and Council the same Justice that the said Inquests every Year in the ln nSa" Form aforesaid, he do take, and Us thereof do certify as aforesaid. Moreover We will, and do command and ordain, that The our said inferior Officers, the greater Officers being as aforesaid gnswer before excepted, that is to say, each of them at the end of every the said Year if need be, and also, when they shall be removed from Justice, &c. their Offices, forthwith after such their Removals, before the aforesaid Justice and the other Persons aforesaid to be asso dated with him, for their Excesses and other Matters above- said, as well at the Suit of Us as of our People, and of any private Persons of the same People, shall answer, and shall undergo Justice according to the Law and Custom of our aforesaid Land of Ireland ; which We will and command to be done by our said Justice; and the same Justice and the others to be associated with him, shall likewise certify Us and our Council in England, as often as need shall be, of the State of our said Land and of our Affairs there, and of the A£ts of the Officers aforesaid.

ALSO, Although as well those born in Ireland who arc of English Lineage, as those born in England and dwelling in Ire.land be true English, and do live under our Dominion and Government, and use the same Laws Rights and Customs, yet ofDissentions diversDissentions and Maintenances by reason of Birth, between between the them that are Natives of Ireland and them that are Natives £^t'|Vg|9<j¡^in(j of England have arisen and are made here and there, whence the Irish'of many Evils have heretofore happened, and it is to be feared English that greater will happen, unless a Remedy be applied thereto; Exirattion; We will and stedfastly command that our said Justice, calling unto him our Chancellor and Treasurer of Ireland, and certain Prelates and Earls whom he shall deem meet, when he shall be in the Parts contiguous to them, concerning such Dissen- tions, when they arise, and such Maintenances, and of the Names of those who make such Dissentions and Maintenances and take Part therein, many Times and often, as need may be, shall earnestly inquire ; and the Delinquents, when they ond punish are thereof convi&ed or found guilty, after due Process, by Offenders. Imprisonment of their Bodies and grievous Ransoms to be made to Us, and otherwise as Justice requireth, shall punish and chastise: For that such Dissentions and Maintenances have no other End but to produce, by some Means or other,

Schism, Divisions, and Treasons among our Subje£is.

ior uicir

Excesses.

XVIII. The Juslice of Ireland,ic. shall enauire

ALSO, Whereas the Farmers of the Office of Clerk of the XIX. Market in Ireland, thirsting for their own private Cains, do Frauds not execute the Duty of the said Office, according to the Form of the Statute thereof made, nor otherwise according to reason ; Farmers of but commonly, for Fines and other Payments, do not view and the Clerkship examine the Measures and other Instruments pertaining to that Office, nor break the false nor seal the true, nor other- sj^ayj bf wise duly punish Delinquents; and very often, when Fines enquired of, are made to Us before them, and Amercements belonging to punished, and Us arc inserted in their Rolls and inrolled, do either extinguish th^j'^u'e of such Fines and Amercements to Us belonging, by erasing the Ireland, &c. same from their Rolls, for Money or other Gifts paid to them by the Offenders, or do make new written Rolls wherein they write not these Fines and Amercements so extinguished, but put them wholly our, and the Fines and Amercements that are made and not inrolled, they remit, and other Deceits,

Extortions, Oppressions, Grievances, and Excesses, as well unto Us as our People in those Parts all over Ireland, they do, and the same and other the Things aforesaid, have done, remitted, and perpetrated, in Contempt and Prejudice of Us and

VOL. I.

4 Z

i.

Who shall be Justices of the Peace. Their Juris.diction over Offenders j Rioters; Barrators ;

Vagabonds;

They may take Surety for good Behaviour;

to the manifest Destniftion and Injury of the said People, and against Justice and the Form of the Statute aforesaid; We will and stedfastly command that our Justice of Ireland for the Time being, in every County and Place through which he shall pass, associating with him a Prelate of the Place, and some Earl or other Nobleman or Knight of that Neighbour.hood, concerning the aforesaid Deceits, Extortions, Oppres.sions, Grievances, and Excesses, and all the Matters above- said by those Farmers howsoever committed, and of all their a£fs and doings in this Behalf, as well at the Suit of Us as of any others whomsoever who shall complain thereof, as well for the Time past as for the Time to come, shall make Enquiry; and against them shall proceed, and the Contempts, Deceits, Extortions, Oppressions, Grievances, and Excesses, and other the Matters aforesaid shall hear and determine, and the Delinquents and Offenders when they shall be found such, shall punish and chastise, according to the Law and Custom of our Land of Ireland before mentioned-, and nevertheless to Us and our Council in England, the Names of those so offending, and the Deceits, Extortions, Oppressions, and Grievances and other Matters aforesaid, under the Seals of him the said Jus.tice and of the others associated with him, distinctly and openly, from Time to Time, for good Cause shall certify.

In Witness whereof, See. Witness the King at Westminster, the Twenty-fifth Day of October.

By the King Himself and Council.

pjudiciu, & i pin, populi desracciSOT fe ^ marifam ac cÈV juttician, & fonni ^ 1 Volom & firm,? p>c,p,ms qi Jusd5 ãf ^ ^

tempe Wã m smguli, Coni 4 pdf, p qaos

" * Prcbto * >%*> Comitc ã ^ nob.h vel Milne eafdein pciu vicima, de Sd& tibj,jxiorsionib,, opfWib,, g-.aminib),Ç,

& on nb, sop-dSs p ipos fimarios qeã,ã^0|lto ÕÕ

& de & gestibj in hae ãe, ,lm ^ ã

rammarn q-m alio, quo,ª* inde con,ª votaefi tam de tempe prito q m future inquirat; & v>sus eo- pcedat, & contemptus, falsitates, extorsiones, op&sionesÕ g'vamina & excessus, ac alia £>dca audiat & Vmina necnon delinquemes & culpabiles cum tales invent! ftfmt castiget & puniat, sedm legem & consuetudinem tre n?e Hitm antedcas j & nos & consiliu nrm in Anri de noib3 sic culpabiliu, ac de falsitatib,, extorsionib, oppPssiontb-, & g*vaminib3 & aliis p>dcis sub sigillis ipius Justic & sibi associate^, distinfte & apte de tem.pore in teinpus nichilomin9 ftificet ex ?ta causa. [In cujus, &c. T. Ji. apud Westin xxv. die O&obr.

p ipm Regem & Cons.']

1 In cujus rei totimoniu has has nras fieri fecim* patentes. Teste me tpo apud Westm vicesimo quinto die Odobr, anno regni nfi Angt t'cesimo p'mo, regni ?o nfi Franc decimo odtavo.

Nos autem Ordinacoes Voluntates & pcepta pdea, ac omij alia & singta in tris pdcis cotenta rata hentes & gÔta, ea p nob Sc heredibj nris quantum in nob est, acceptam9 approba- mus, ratificam9 8c confirmam9, put Ire pdee rationabli?testant'. In cuj9, 8cc. T. R. apd Westih xxvj die Junii.

Rot. Pat. 17 Ric. II.

Anno 34¡ EDWAUDI, III. A.D. 1360-1.

Statutu feÕm in i&ÕMameto tento apuD ertrotm; anno rrritij10.

A STATUTE made in the Parliament holden at Westminster;

In the Thirty-fourth Year.

In Marine Roiuli.

THESE be the Things which our Lord the King, the Prelates, Lords, and the Commons have or.dained in this present Parliament, holden at Westminster, the Sunday next before the Feast of the Conversion of St. Paul, to be holden and published openly through the Realm (Õ)

FIRST, That in every County of England shall be assigned for the keeping of the Peace, one Lord, and with him three or four of the most worthy in the County, with some learned in the Law, and they shall have Power to restrain the Offenders, Rioters, and all other Barators, and to pursue, arrest, take, and chastise them according their Trespass or Offence; and to cause them to be imprisoned and duly punished accord.ing to the Law and Customs of the Realm, and according to that which to them shall seem best to do by their Discretions and good Advisement; and also to inform them, and to inquire of all those that have been Pillors and Robbers in the Parts beyond the Sea, and be now come again, and go wandering, and will not labour as they were wont in Times past ; and to take and arrest all those that they may find by Indiftment, or by Suspicion, and to put them in Prison; and to take of all them that be [not Õ] of good Fame, where they shall be found, sufficient Surety and Mainprise of their good

1 .- that it to toy:

1 All Translations read thus-

Ex mngno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. to.

CES sont les choses queles nre Seign' le Roi Prelatz Seign's & la cornunc ont ordinez en cest p>sent plement, tenuz a Westmustier le Dymenge p>schein devant la feste de la Convsion de Seint Poul, a tenir & publier ovtement pmy le Roialme ; Cestassavoir.

Priniement 4 cn chescun Countee Dengletre soicnt assignez, p' la garde de la pees, un Seign', & ovesq* lui trois ou quatre des meultz vauez du Countee, en- semblement ove ascuns sages de la ley, & eient poff de restreindre les mesfesours, rioto's, & touz auts baretto's, & de les p'suir, arestcr, P>ndre, chasuer, se- lone leur tspas ou mesprision; & de fane emPnsone'Õ & duement punir selonc la ley & custum^duRo.alme,

& selonc ce qils Wont mieltz affatre p lo dÈcre & bon avisement; & auxint de eux en <Õrme'' qUere de touz ceux qi ont ~ pties de dela, & sont ore revenuz & von g ne voillent tVailler come .Is soletent avan ^ & de pndre & arester touz ceux qMP ^ prisone enditement, ou p suspecion Je bone fame,

& de jVndre de touz ceux [q> sont j de

on iU iron, trove*. Èt>ffaÈt ÇurÇc 4 ÈÇP

Ô qi ne wni Lib. Scecc. ITccM- Mt MS- ^ tht Old Printed Copies.

a

1-1.

34¡ Edw. III. c. 1Ñ6.

365

lo' bon port, (lev's le Roi & son poeple, & les auts duement punir; au fin q le poeple ne soit p tieux riotoÕs troble nendamage ne la pees enblemv, ne mar- chantz nauts passantz p les hautes chemyns du Roi- alme destourbez ne abaiez du pil q p'ra avenir de tieux meffesours: 8c auxint doier 8c miner a la suite le Roi, tote maSe de felonies 8c trspas faites en meisme le Countee, selonc les leys 8c custuines avantdites; 8c q briefs doier 8c V miner soient g*ntes selonc les es- tatuz ent faites, mes q les Justices q enserront assignez soient nomez p la Court, 8c nemie p la ptie. Et le Roi voet q totes geSales enquerres avant ces heures gÕntez deinz seign'ies queconqes pr les meschiefs 8c oppssions q ont este faites au poeple p tieles enquer.res, cessent outriement 8c soient repellez: Et q fins q sont affaire devant Justices, p' tspas fait p ascune psone, soient resonables 8c justes, eant regard au qÕn- tite du tspas 8c les causes pÔ queles eles sont faites.

Item acorde est q prises desore ne soient faites p auts q p les p'veours le Roi, ma Dame la Roine 8c le Prince lour eisne filtz ; 8c q si Purveours des auts facent tieu prises soit fait de eux come des gentz qi fount sanz garaunt, 8c lour fait jugge come chose faite contre la pees 8c la ley de la t re; 8c soient tieux qi se fount p'veours en la mane duement puniz.

Item des p'veances faites al oeps la Royne 8c du Prince, du polaitt 8c dautres menuz choses, soit paie- ment fait en poigne s' la prise ; 8c des auts grosses p'veances deinz le Mois ou sis simaignes es Countees ou ils sront prises; 8c q le nombre de tieux p'veours soit abregge, en tant come bonement p'ra p' eide 8c quiete du comune poeple.

Item porce q viscontes 8c aut s ministres sovent ar- raient lour panels en tote mane denquestes des gentz pcurez 8c pluis lointifs du Countee, qi nont conissance du fet dount lenqueste vsra prise; Acorde est, q tieu paneles soient faites des plus pÕscheins gentz, qi ne sont pas suspeftes, ne pcurez; 8c q les viscontes, Co.roners Sc auts ministres qi font alencontre soient puniz devant les Justices qi la dite enqueste yPndra, selonc la q'ntite de leur Vspas, sibien dev's le Roi come dev's la ptie, p' la qÕntite du damage qil ad suf.fer! en tieu maffe.

Item est accorde, q ceux qi 'sront assignez de garder la pees eient poair denquere des mesures 8c auxint des pois, selonc lestatut ent fait lan du regne nre Seign' le Roi vint 8c quint, en quel est contenu la forme qsensuit. Porce q tsgÕni damage 8c desceit est fait au poeple p tant q pluseurs Marchantz usent dachater 8c poiser leines 8c auts marchandises p une pois qest appelle Aunsett; Acorde est 8c establi, q celle pois appelie Aunselt entre achatour 8c vendour soit de tout ouste, 8c q chescun vende 8c achate p balances; issint q les balances soient owels 8c les leins 8c auts mar.chandises ovvelement poisez p droit pois, et q le sac de leine ne poise q vint 8c sis peres, 8c chescun perc poise quatorze livres, 8c q lestater de la balance ne encline ne a lune ptie ne al autre, 8c q le pois soit acordant al estandard del Escheqer ; et si nul Achatour face al encontre, soit grevousement puny sibien a la suite de ptie come a la suite nre Seign' le Roi.

Item come contenu soit en la grin C'hfe, q une mesure soit use piny tut Engletrc, la quele Chre nad mie este tenue bien en ce point avant ces heures ; si est acorde 8c assentu, q totes les mesures, cest assa- voir bussel demy bussel 8c Peck, galon potel 8t quart, p tout Engletre deinz franchise 8c dehors

Behaviour towards the King and his People, and the other duly to punish ; to the Intent that the People be not by such Rioters or Rebels troubled nor endamaged, nor the Peace blemished, nor Merchants nor other passing by the Highways of the Realm disturbed, nor [ put in the Peril which may happen Ô J of such Offenders: And also to hear and determine at the KingÕs Suit all Manner of Felonies and Trespasses done in the same County according to the Laws and Customs aforesaid ; and that Writs of Oyer and Determiner be granted ac.cording to the Statutes thereof made, and that the Justices which shall be thereto assigned be named by the Court, and not by the Party. And the King will, that all general Inquiries before this Time granted within any Seigniories, for the Mischiefs and Oppres.sions which have been done to the People by such Inquiries, shall cease utterly and be repealed : and that Fines, which are to be made before Justices for a Tres.pass done by any Person, be reasonable and just, having Regard to the Quantity of the Trespass, and the Causes for which they may be made.

ITEM, It is accorded, That [Taking Õ] shall not be from henceforth made by other than the Purveyors of the King, of the Queen, and of the Prince their eldest Son ; and that if any other ManÕs Purveyors make such Takings, it shall be done of them as of People which do without Warrant, and their Deed judged as a Thing done against the Peace and the Law of the Land ; and such as do make themselves Purveyors in such Manner shall be duly punished.

ITEM, Of Purveyances made to the Use of the Queen, and of the Prince, of Poultry and of other small Things, Payment shall be made in Hand upon the Taking; and of other great Purveyances within the Month or Six Weeks, in the Counties where they shall be taken ; and that the Number of such Purveyors be abridged in as much as conveniently may, for the Aid and Quietness of the Common People.

ITEM, Because that the Sheriffs and other Ministers often do array their Panels in all Manner of Inquests, of People procured, and most far off [from'] the Counties, which have no Knowledge of the Deed whereof the Inquest shall be taken ; It is accorded, That such Panels shall be made of the next People, which shall not be suspeft nor procured ; and that the Sheriffs, Coroners, and other Ministers which do against the same shall be punished before the Justices that take the said Inquest according to the Quantity of their Trespass, as well against the King as against the Party, for the Quantity of the Damage which he hath suffered in such Manner.

ITEM, It is accorded, That they which shall be assigned to keep the Peace shall have Power to inquire of Measures, and also of Weights, according to the Statute thereof made the five-and-twentieth Year of the Reign of our Lord the King, wherein is contained the Form that followeth ; Ò Whereas great Damage and De.ceit is done to the People, for that divers Merchants use to buy and weigh Wools and other Merchandises, by a Weight which is called Auncel; It is accorded and esta.blished, That this Weight called Auncel betwixt Buyers and Sellers, shall be wholly put out; and that every Person do sell and buy by the Balance, so that the Ba.lance be even, and the Wools and other Merchandizes evenly weighed by right Weight, so that the Sack of Wool weigh no more but xxvi. Stones, and every Stone to weigh xiv. 1. and that the Beam of the Balance do not bow more to the one Part than to the other; and that the Weight be according to the Standard of the Exchequer ; and if any Buyer do the contrary, he shall be grievously punished, as well at the Suit of the Party, as at the Suit of our Lord the King.Ó

ITEM, Whereas it is contained in the Great Charter, that one Measure be used through the Realm, which Charter hath not been holden well in this Point before this Time; It is accorded and assented, That all the Measures, that is to say, Bushel, Half Bushel, Peck, Gallon, Pottle, and Quart, through (4) England, within

1 put in fear by peril which might happen

* Takings 1 of 'Ç ãll

and may hear and determine Felonies and Trespasses.

Commiu/ions of general Inquiries shall cease.

Fines for Trespasses shall oe reasonable.

II

No Purvey.ance except for the King, the Queen, and the King's eldest Son.

III.

When

Purveyances for the Queen 8cc shall be paid for.

IV.

Panels of Inquests shall be of the Neighbour.hood.

V.

Justices of the Peace shall inquire of Weights and Measures, according to the Statute a; EJw.111. u,d. 5. rh. 9.

VI.

AU Measures shall he according to the King's Standard,See.

Contents of the Quarter. Measures of Corn shall be striked; saving the Rents of Lords.

Justices shall be assigned to enquire hereof:

Saving of Franchises.

Proclamation

hereof.

See Statute 28 Edw .III.

chapter jo.

VII.

An Attaint in Plea real.

VIII.

Proceedings against Jurors taking Reward to give their Verdict.

Imprisonment of Jurors shall not be pardoned for any Fine.

IX.

Labourers shall not be punished by Fine under the Statute 25 Edw III.

etat. 2. eh. 5 ; but only by Imprison.ment ;

Penalty on bailing them.

Carpenters

and Masons included.

Franchises and without, shall be according to the KingÕs Standard ; and the Quarter shall contain Eight Bushels by the Standard and no more; and every Measure of Corn shall be striked without Heap, saving the Rents and Ferms of Lords, which shall be measured by such Measure as they were wont in Times past; and the Purveyors of the King, the Queen, and of all other, shall make their Purveyances by the same Measure striked, and in the same Manner: And that at all 'l imes when need shall be, the King shall assign certain Jus.tices in every County of England, to enquire, hear, and determine upon the Points aforesaid, and so make Pu.nishment thereupon according to every Trespass, as well at the Suit of the Party as at the KingÕs Suit; so always that all Manner of Franchises be saved to the Lords in all Points: which Things the King will that they shall be cried in every County, within Franchise and without, betwixt this and the Feast of Easter next coming, to the Intent that they be holden and kept in all Points; and that the said Keepers of the Peace inquire and punish all those whom they shall find to have done against the said Statute, after the said Procla.mation made. And also the said Proclamation shall be made in Cities, Boroughs, and Towns enfranchised, that the said Articles be holden and kept in all Points, upon the Pains contained in the Statute, made the xxviii. Year of our Sovereign Lord the King that now is, touching the City of London, and other Cities and Bo.roughs of the Realm ; and if they keep not the said Articles, the King in their Default shall do the same Statute, made of the same Pains, to be put in Execu.tion against them.

ITEM, It is accorded against the Falshood of Jurors, That every Man against whom they pass, may have Attaint, as well in Plea Real as Personal; and that the Attaint be granted to the Poor, which will affie, that they have nothing whereof to make Fine, saving their Countenance, without Fine, and to all other by easy Fine.

ITEM, That in every Plea, whereof the Inquest or Assise doth pass, if any of the Parties will sue against any of the Jurors, that they have taken of his Adver.sary, or of him, for to give their Verdift, he shall be heard, and shall have his Plaint by Bill presently before the Justices before whom they did swear, and that the Juror be put to answer without any Delay ; and if they plead to the Country, the Inquest shall be taken pre.sently : And if any Man, other than the Party, will sue for the King against the Juror, it shall be heard and determined as afore is said; and if the Juror be attainted at the Suit of other than the Party, and maketh Fine, the Party that sueth shall have Half the Fine ; and that the Parties to the Plea shall recover their Damages by the Assessment of the Inquest; and that the Juror so attainted have Imprisonment for one Year, which Imprisonment the King granteth that it shall not be pardoned for any Fine. And if the Party will sue by Writ before other Justices, he shall have the Suit in the Form aforesaid.

ITEM, It is accorded in this present Parliament, That the Statute of Labourers of old Times made, shall stand in all Points, except the pecuniar Pain, which from henceforth is accorded, that the Labourers shall not be punished by Fine and Ransom ; and it is assented, That the said Statute shall be enforced in Punishment of Labourers, in the Form following, that is to say ; that the Lords of Towns may take and imprison them by fifteen Days, if they will not justify themselves; and then to send them to the next Gaol, there to abide till they will justify them, by the Form of the Statute : And that the Sheriff, Jaylor, nor other Minister shall not let them to Mainprise nor Bail, and if he do, he shall pay to the King, Ten Pound, and to the Party an Hundred Shillings: nor that the Sheriff, Jailor, nor other Minister shall take no Fee nor Porterage of Prison, nor at his entering, nor at his going out, upon the same Pain. And that as well Carpenters and Masons be comprised in this Ordinance, as all other Labourers, Ser.vants, and Artificers ; and that the Carpenters and

soient acordantz a lestandard nre Seicm' le R ¥ comiagne la quarter ãy, bÇeb , plus, & soit chescune mesure de ble rase sa comble, sauvez les rentes & fermes des Seign's J2 sotent mesures p tiele mesure come eles soleient J ces heures; et facent les p'veours le Roi, ma Dame la Rome & touz aufs lour p'veances p mesmes les me sures rases & en mesme la maSe: & a totes les foitz q mestier sra le Rot assignera cÕteins Justices en dies- chune Countee, denquere 8c doier 8c ftniner s' les pomtz susditz, & de faire s' ce due punissement selonc chescuny fspas, sibien a la suite de ptiecomea la suite le Roi; issint totesfoitz q tote ma8e des fran chises soient sauvez as Seign's en toutz pointz: \a queles choses le Roi voet q soient criez en chescune Countee, deinz franchise & dehors entre cy & la Pasch p'schein avenir, au fin qeles soient gardez & tenuz en toutz pointz> & q les dites gardeins de la pees en- quergent & punissent touz ceux qils trovW qavW fait contre le dit estatut, apPs la dite pclamacion faite. Et soit aussint meisme la pclamacion faite en Citees Burghs, & villes enfranchez, q les ditz articles ysoit tenuz et gardez en touz pointz, s' les peines conte- nues en lestatut fait lan du regne nre t le Roi vint et oytisme, touchant la Citee de Londres, & aufs Citees & Burghs du Roialme ; & sils ne gardent les ditz ar- tides, le Roi en lour defaute ferra mettre meisme lesta.tut fait de meismes les peines en execucion contre eux.

Item acorde est contre la fauxine des Jurrours q chescun home contre qi ils passent puisse avoir lat- teint, sibien en plee Reale come psonele; 8c q latteint soit gÕnte as povres qi voillent affier qils nont riens de ent faire fin sauve lour contenance saunz fin, 8: as touz auis p eise fin.

Item q en chescun plee dount lenqueste ou lassise

passe si aucun des pties voudra suir 9s ascuns des Jurro's qil ad pris de son ad9ser ou de lui, p' dire son verdit, soit oy ; & eit sa pleinte meintenant p bille devant les Justices devant queux ils jurrerunt, & q le jurrour soit mis a respoundre saunz nul delaij k sils pledent au paiis, q enqueste soit pris maintenant: et si nul home autre q la ptie vodra suyr pr le Roi vs le jurrour, soit oy & tmine come dissus est dit; et si le jurro' soit atteint a suite dautre q la ptie & face fin, q la ptie q seust eit la moite du fin ; et q les pties au plee recoVent lour damages p taxacion de lenquest, & q le Jurro' issint atteint eit la prisone dun an quel emprisonement le Roi g*nte q ne soit pdone p nul fin. Et si la ptie voudra suier p brief devant auts Justices eit sa suyte, en la forme avantdite.

Acorde est en ceste p>sent plement q lestatut es laborers auncienement fait estoise en touz pointz; for- spris la penance pecuniere quel desore est acor e q les laborers ne soient pas punitz p fins 8c raunceons; & est assentuz q le dit estatut soit efforce^en pumsse- ment des laborers en forme qsensuyt; q les des villes les puissent ?ndre & . jours, sils ne se voillent justtcer, maunder au ^scheme gaole illoeqes a demore J

i,s se voillent justtcer P forme

viscont Gaoler nautre inmistre ne o0;x. li. &

mainprise nen bailie et sil face qi paj au

a la ptie C.s. ne q le visconte Gaol^nautre^^ ^

ne p'igne nul fee ne port age u p ceste

tree ne a son issir s' mesmj\^ Centers 8c Maceons,

ordinance soient comprises sibien G P fit <j

come touz au?s laborers Svantz & artificer

Go gl

e

.s

N

a*

s

*s

Wk

bÔfc

*>

s

V

6Èni

lift,

lš5

fkk,

Èši

ÈK

i#!

aaii

in

i

ÇDl

lili

ÒI*

irafr

m

m\

iii

si,:

lib

V;

ib

im

bdi

in:

'kb:

be-

a

3SS

if

hit

w

Ž

0>

Èi

iif

4

les Carpenters & Maceons pHgnent desore salarie p la jo'neie, et nemie p simaigne nen autre matie; et q les chiefs mestres des Carpenters & Maceons pHgnent le jor iiij d. & les au?s iij. ou ij. d. solonc ce qils vaillent: et q totes alliances & covignes des Maceons & Carpenters, & congregacions Chapitres ordinances, & Õsementz entre eux faites ou affaires, soient desore anientiz & anullez de tout : Issint q chescun Maceon & Carpenter de quel condicion qil soit, soit arte, p son Mestre a qi il sert, de faire chescun ov'aigne q a Ini appent affaire, ov de fraunche pere ou de grosse pere, et aussint chescun Carpent? en son degre; mes bien lise a chescun Seign' & autre de bargainer & covenancer de lour ovÕaignes en grosse ou tiels labo.rers & artificers q*nt leur plerra issint qils pfonent tielz o9aignes bien & loialment, selonc les bargaine & covenant ove eux ent faitz.

Item des laborers & artificers qi salloignent hors de lor svices en autre ville ou en autre Countee, q la ptie eit sa suite devant Justices, & q le visconte lui pSgne au p*ni jour come est contenu en lestatut, sil soit trove, & face de lui execucion come dessus est dit; et sil retorne qil nest mie trove eit lexigende au p>$ jour, & ce suy tanq^ il soit utlaie; & ap>s la utla- garie soit brief de mesmes les Justices mande a qe- conqs visconte Dengletre q la ptie vodra suir de lui p>ndre, & lui mander au visconte du Countee ou il est utlae; et q'nt il €ra illoeqes mesne, eit illoeqes la prison tanq, il se voet justicer, & eit fait gree a la ptie ; Et nientmeins p' sa fauxine soit ars en le frount dune fer fait & forme au mar?e de la Ire F, en signe de Fauxine si la ptie greve le vodra suyer; mes soit celle penance de larson mis en respit tanq, al Seint Mi.chel pschein avenir, & adonques ne soit mie execute sil ne soit p avis des Justices, & demoerge le fer en la garde du viscont. Et q viscont & chescun Baillif de franchise soit entendant au pleintif de mettre ceste ordinance en execucion s' la peine avantdit: et q nul laborer nartificer ne pigne nulle maSe de lower le jo' de festes.

Item q si nul laborer svant ou artificer salloigne a ascun Citee ou Burgh, & la ptie pleintif veigne au Meire & Baillifs & demande la livVe de son 9vant, qils lui facent la liv^ee sanz delay; & sils le refusent de faire, eit le pleintif sa suite devers les Maire & Bai.liffs devant les Justices de laborers; et si de ce soient atteintz paient au Roi x. li. & a la ptie C. s.

Item, come la coe se eit pleint des Eschetours, queux p colour de lour office ont seisiz plusours tres & tenementz come forfaites au Roi p' treson s'mys en psones mortes, q unqs ne furent atteintes en lour vies; le Roi en ad bon regard: Mes porce qil & ses pgenitours ont este seisiez des forfait'es de guerre de tout temps, le Roi ne se voet ouster de tiel droit, dont il trova sa Corone seisie, & cel droit voet conti.nuer de tieux forfait'es escheues en son temps & en temps son piere, en la mar?e come ad este usee ; nient- mains de sa gÔce especiale il voet & gÒunte q de tieux forfait'es escheues en temps son ael & touz ses pgenito's pdevant a pluistost qenquest ent 'sra reto'ne en Chancellerie p Eschetour ou autre qi poair ad denquere, q le tenant ne soit pas ouste de sa posses.sion, mes soit gamy p Scire fac destre au cÕtein jour de respoundre a cel Scire fac sil voudra: Et si nulle tiele forfait'e soit ore, ou 'sra seise de cel temps, q la main le Roi ent soit ouste: Issint totes voies qen touz autres cas de forfait'e de treson des psones mortz

Masons take from henceforth Wages by the Day, and not by the Week, nor in other Manner ; and that the ^*8**

chief Masters of Carpenters and Masons take Four- .^Masons, pence by the Day, and the other Three-pence or Two.pence according as they be worth: And that all ^hc'r. .

Alliances and Covines of Masons and Carpenters, and Congregations, Chapters, Ordinances and Oaths betwixt them made, or to be made, shall be from henceforth void and wholly annulled : so that every Mason and Carpenter of what Condition that he be, shall be compelled by his Master to whom he serveth, to do every Work that to him pertaineth to do, or of free Stone, or of rough Stone; and also every Carpenter in his Degree ; but it shall be lawful to every Lord or other, to make Bargain or Covenant of their Work in Gross, with such Labourers and Artificers when please them, so that they perform such Works well and lawfully according to the Bargain or Covenant with them thereof made.

ITEM, of Labourers and Artificers that absent them *ment out of their Services in another Town, or another Countv, the Party shall have the Suit before the Justices, and Labourer* ¥, that the Sheriff take him at the first Day, as is con.tained in the Statute, if he be found, and do of him Exe.cution as afore is said ; and if he return, that he is not found, he shall have an Exigend at the first Day, and the same pursue till he be outlawed, and after the Out- Proto* of la wry a Writ of the same Justices shall be sent to Outlawry; every Sheriff of England, that the Party will sue, to take him, and to send him to the Sheriff of the County where he is outlawed; and when he shall be there brought, he shall have there Imprisonment, till he will Impnson- justify himself, and have made gree to the Party ; and me,,t Õ nevertheless for the Falsity he shall be burnt in the Burning in Forehead, with an Iron made and formed to this Letter the Forrhra<1, F. in Token of Falsity, if the Party grieved the same will sue ; but this Pain of Burning shall be put in respite till Saint Michael next ensuing, and then not executed, unless it be by the Advice of the Justices; and the Iron shall abide in the Custody of the Sheriff.

And that the Sheriff [and some Bailiff of the' J Franchise be attending to the Plaintiff, to put this Ordinance in Execution, upon the Pain aforesaid: And that no N¡ WagÓ Labourer, [Servant, Õ] nor Artificer shall take no Man- on 'stlva*' ner of Wages the festival Days.

ITEM, If any Labourer, Servant, or Artificer, absent himself in any City or Borough, and the Party Plain.tiff come to the Mayor and Bailiffs, and require Delivery of his Servant, they shall make him Delivery without Delay ; and if they refuse to do the same, the Party shall have his Suit against the Mayor and Bailiffs before the Justices of Labourers ; and if they be thereof attainted, they shall pay to the King Ten Pounds, and to the Party One hundred Shillings.

ITEM, Whereas the Commons have complained XII. them of Escheators, which by Colour of their Office Seizure have seised divers Lands and Tenements as forfeit to Surmise of the King for Treason surmised in dead Persons, which Treason in were never attainted of Treason in their Lives ; the King dead Persons, thereof hath good Regard ; but because he and his Pro.genitors have been seised of the Forfeitures of Wars of all Times, the King will not exclude himself of such ^ r~

Right, whereof he found his Crown seised, and will continue his Right of such Forfeitures fallen in his Time, and in the Time of his Father, in the Manner as hath been used : Nevertheless, of his special Grace he will and granteth, That of such Forfeitures fallen in the Time of his Grandfather, and all his Progenitors before, as soon as an Inquest shall be thereof returned in the Chancery by the Escheators, or other which have Power to inquire, that the Tenant shall not be put out of his Possession, but shall be warned by Scire facias, to be at a certain Day to answer to [his3] Scire facias, if he will : And if any such Forfeiture be now, or shall be seised of the same Time, that the KingÕs Hand shall be out thereof; So always, that in all other Cases of Forfeiture for Treason of dead Persons

Õ entry Bailiff of * Not in Original. 5 that MS. Tr. 2.

forfeitures of Wars reserved to the King.

Process

thereon.

XI.

Mayors and Bailiff's shall deliver up fugitive Labourers.

5 A

VoL. I.

No Forfeiture for Treason of Persons not attainted in their Lives. Forfeitures of Felons reserved.

XIII.

Escheators shall take Inquests by good People; by Indenture; and not privily.

XIV.

Offices found before Escheators may be traversed in Chancery, and tried in the KingÕs Bench.

XV.

Alienations made by the Tenants of K.Henrylll. confirmed.

XVI.

Nonclaim of Fines shall be no Bar.

XVII. Freedom of Trade in Ireland.

XVIII.

English Land-owners in Ireland may import and export from and to England.

XIX.

No Custom for Canvas to pack Wool in.

XX.

Exportation of Corn forbidden.

XXL

Confirmation of a Grant by the King and Council to Denizens to transport Wool

beyond Sea.

not attainted or judged in their Lives, their Heirs, nor their Land Tenants shall not be impeached nor chal.lenged ; nor of any other Forfeiture, except the For.feitures in old Time judged after the Death of the Persons, by Presentment in Eyre, or in the KingÕs Bench, as of Felons of themselves and other.

ITEM, It is accorded, That every Escheator shall take his Inquests of his Office of good People and lawful, which be sufficiently inherited and of good Fame, and of the same County where the Inquiry shall be ; and that the Inquests so taken be indented betwixt the Escheators and the Jurors; and if it be otherwise done, that such Inquests be holden for void : And the King will, that such Inquests be taken in good Towns openly, and not privily.

ITEM, It is accorded, That where Lands or Tene.ments be seised into the KingÕs Hand by Office of the Escheator,. containing that the KingÕs Tenant made thereof Alienation without the KingÕs Licence, or that the KingÕs Tenant by Knights Service died seised of the Lands and Tenements aforesaid in his Demesne as of Fee, and his Heir within Age; and after the Cause certified into the Chancery, and he whose Lands be seised come into the Chancery, and will traverse the Office, which was first taken by the KingÕs Command.ment, [and'] that the said Lands be not seisable; he shall be thereto received, and the Process shall be sent into the KingÕs Bench [to try according to the Law,2] and further to do Right.

ITEM, It is accorded, That the Alienations of Lands and Tenements made by People which did hold of King Henry, great Grandfather to the King that now is, or of other Kings before him, to hold of themselves, that the Alienations shall stand in their Force; saving always to our Lord the King his Prerogative of the l ime of his Grandfather, his Father, and of his own Time.

ITEM, It is accorded, That the Plea of Nonclaim of Fines, which from henceforth be to be levied, shall not be taken nor holden for any Bar in Time to come.

ITEM, It is accorded, That all the Merchants, as well Aliens as Denizens, may come into Ireland wi>h their Merchandises, and from thence freely to return with their Merchandises and Victuals without Fine or Ransom to be taken of them ; saving always to the King his antient Customs and other Duties.

ITEM, That the People of England, as well Reli.gious as other, which have their Heritage and Pos.sessions in Ireland, may bring their Com, Beasts, and Vi&uals to the said Land of Ireland, and from thence to recarry their Goods and Merchandises into England, freely without Impeachment, paying their Customs and [their Devoirsto the King.

ITEM, Because that Merchants, Aliens, and Deni.zens, by an evil Custom risen of late, have been con.strained to pay Custom and Subsidy for their Canvas, with which their Wools be packed; It is accorded, That such Canvas with their Corners shall from hence.forth be allowed to them without paying Custom or Subsidy for the same.

ITEM, It is accorded, That the Passage of Com shall be defended in all the Parts of England, so that none have Licence nor Warrant to pass with such Com in anywise, unless it be to Calais or Gascoign, or to other special Places, which it behoveth that the King [do to be warned4] of the Corn of England, and that at his own Ordinance (3).

ITEM, Whereas in the Parliament late made upon the Ordinance of the Staple in England, it was ordained that Merchants Aliens should [bring6] Wools and other Merchandises of the Staple over the Sea, and that no Merchant Denizen should make Passage of them ; and after by the Assent of the King and of his Council for certain Enchesons, Passage was granted of the said

* Omit this word. 1 to be tried MS. Tr. a.

5 other Duties 4 cause to be furnished

5 and licence * carry

nient atteintz ne juggez en loÕ vies, ne soient pas u hemes ne lour tVe tenantz empeschez ne chalen! ne de nulle autre forfait'e forsprises les forfeits cenement ajuggez a^s la mort des psones ã Lª' mentz enEyre ou en Baunk le Roi, corae de soi & autres. I0ns

Item accorde est, q chescun Eschetour fiW ses m questes de son office des bones gentz & l0iaix 3 '

enheritez soufficealment & de bone fame k a. le Countee ou lenquerre se ferra; & 5Õu issint prises soient endentez entre les Esche^sT!" jurroÕs, et si autrement soit fait q tieles enquestes soiª tenuz p nulle.: & le Roi voet q tieles enquestes soiem pnses en bones villes, o&ement & nemie en prive

Item acorde est, q ou tVes ou teiitz soient seisiz en la mam le Roi p office deschetoÕ, contenam 3 le tenant Je Roi en fist alienacion sanz conge le Roi, ou q le ^tenant le Roi p 3vice de Chivaler mo rust seisi des tres & tentz avantditz en son demesne come de fee, & son heir deinz age, & puis la cause Çifie en la Chauncellerie & cellui qi tVes sow seisitz, viegne en Chauncellerie, & voet fnverser loffice 5 fut primes pris p mandement du Roi, q les dites ?res ne soient mie seisables, soit [il a ceo receu, & soit le pees mande en Banc le Roi a trier, & out? faire droit.']

Item acorde est, q les alienacions des tres & tentz faites p gentz q tenoient du Roi Henr, Besael au Roi qore est, ou des autres Rois devant lui, a tenir de eux mesmes, q les alienacions estoisent en lour force; sauvant- totesfoitz a nre SeignÕ le Roi sa pVogative, du temps son ael, son piere, & de son temps demesne.

Item est acorde, q plee de noun claym des fins, ij sont [desore2 ] a lever, ne soit pris ne tenuz p' baare, en temps avenir.

Item acorde est, q touz marchantz sibien aliens come denzeins puissent venir en Irlande ove lour mar- chandises & dilloeqes retourner f*nchement, ove lo' marchandises & vitailles, saunz fin ou raunceon pndre de eux; sauve totesfoitz au Roi ses auncienes cus- tumes & aut^s devoirs.

Item, q gentz Denglerre sibien Religiouses come autres, qont lour heritages & possessions en Irlande, puissent mener lor bledz bestes & vitailles a la dite tre Dirland, & dilloeqes remener lour biens & mar.chandises en EngletVe, franchement & saunz empesche- ment; paiant lour custumes & auts devoirs au Roi.

Item porce q les Marchantz aliens & denzeins p une malveise custume leve de novel ont este con- streintz de paier custume & subside pÕ lor canevace deinz quel lor leines sont packes; Acorde est q tieu canevace ensemblement ove lo' comers lo' soient desore alloues, sanz ent paier custume ou subside.

Item acorde est " passage des bledz soit defendu en touz les Portz Dengletre, siq, nulle eit congie ne garaunt de passer delx bledz en nulle mane, sil ne soit a Calays & Gascoign, ou as auts lieux fsPeÒ'ÒÕ queux il covient q le Roi face garmr des bledz De - gle?re, & ce a sa ppre ordinance & congie.

Item come en une plement nadgairs fait,

Ñ ^ 'Ç¥ÇÈÒ en ****ÇÇ

chantz alien, duissent me.net

chandises de lestaple outre meer, &qn ^ ^ denzein les duisse passer ; Et puis, p foist

& de son conseil p aucunes gteines enchesons

Ô Writtten on an Erasure.

* Interlined on

the R¡u-

M.9.

1-1.

35¡ Edwardi, III.

369

g*nte passage des dites marchandises as denzeins, & s' ce pclamacion fait, & maunde a les custumeres es dieses portz de les soeffrir passer, tanqs a un ?tein temps, paiant le custume & subside come aliens; Et porce q les dites marchandes denzeins se doutont destre empeschez en temps avenir, pÕ lour marchandises qils ont issint passez p vtae de tiel g'unt & pclamacion, porce qils estoient faites hors du plement; le Roi voillant p'voier pÕ lour seurte en celle ptie ad ratifie & conferme en ceste p'sent plement les passages qils ont fait des leines & lor auÕts marchandises as pties outre meer, puis les gÔunt & pclamacion avantdites; & les g*unte autiel passage desore saunz chalange ou empeschement de nully; issint totesfoitz qils paient les dites custume & subside tanqs al Seint Michel p>schein avenir, & de mesmes la feste tanq, al Seint Michel pschein suant, come ils ont paiez avant ces heures puis q le dit subside estoit g*nte.

Item ordine est en cest plement q queconqv psone q troeve Faucon, Pselet lanere ou lariet austoure ou autre Faucoun, q soit pdu de lo' Seign', q main- tenant il lapporte au viscount du Countee, & q le vis- conte face pclamacion en toutes les bones villes du Countee qil ad un tiel Faucoun en garde ; et si le Seign' qi le pdi, ou aucun des soens, viegne p' lui chalanger & proeve resonablement q ce est a son Seign', paie p' ses coustages & eit le Faucon; & si nully viegne deins les quatre Mois p' lui chalenger, qadonqes le visconte eit le Faucon, fesant gree a cellui qi le prist, sil soit simples home; et sil soit gentils home destat davoir Faucoun, q le visconte rebaille al lui le dit Fau.coun, pnant de lui resonables coustages p' le temps qil lavoit en garde: & si null eit pris tiel Faucoun, & le concele du SeignÕ a qui il estoit, ou a ses Fauconers, ou qi q lemporte du SeignÕ, & de ce soit atteint, eit la prison de deux an ns, & rend au SeignÕ le pris du Faucoun issint concele ou emporte, sil eit de quoi; et si noun, eit pluis longe demoeure en prison.

Merchandises [of1] Denizens, and thereupon Proclama.tion made and sent to the Customers [to *] divers Ports, to suffer them to pass till a certain Time, paying the Cus.toms and Subsidies as Aliens; And because that the said Merchants Denisens doubteth them to be impeached in Time to come for their Merchandises, which they have so passed by virtue of such' Grant and Proclamation, forasmuch as they were made out of the Parliament; the King, willing to provide for their Surety in this Behalf, hath ratified and confirmed in this present Par.liament the Passage that they have made of Wools, and of their other Merchandises to the Parts beyond the Sea, after the Grant and Proclamation aforesaid ; and granteth to them such Passage from henceforth without Challenge or Impeachment of any, so always that they pay the said Custom and Subsidy till St. Michael next coming, (J) as they have payed before this Time after that the said Subsidy was granted.

ITEM, It is accorded in this present Parliament, That every Person which findeth a Faulcon, Tercelet, Laner, or Laneret, (*) or other [Hawk5] that is lost of their Lord, that presently he bring the same to the Sheriff of the County, and that the Sheriff make Pro.clamation in all the good Towns in the County, that he hath such a Hawk in his Custody ; and if the Lord which lost the same, or any of his People come to challenge it, and proveth reasonably that the same is his LordÕs, let him pay for the Costs, and have the Hawk ; and if none come within Four Months to challenge it, that then the Sheriff have the Hawk, making gree to him that did take him, if he be a simple Man ; and if he be a Gentleman, and of Estate to have the Hawk, that then the Sheriff redeliver to him the Hawk, taking of him reasonable Costs for the Time he had him in his Custody : And if any Man take such Hawk, and the same conceal from the Lord whose it was, or from his Faulconers, or whosoever taketh him from the Lord, and thereof be attainted, shall have Imprisonment of Two Years, and yield to the Lord the Price of the Hawk so concealed and carried away, if he have whereof, and if not, he shall the longer abide in Prison.

XXII.

Stray

Hawks, &c. shall be carried to the Sheriff. Proclamation.

The Owner shall have the Hawk;

or on his Default, the Sheriff;

or the Finder if he be a Gentleman.

Punishment for taking a Hawk, and concealing it, Imprison-

1 to AIS. Tr. 2. * in MS. Tr. 2.

5 and from the same feste til to Scynt Mighel then next ensuying, MS Tr. 2. < Goshawk

1 The Old Translation* and MS.Tr.l. have the Word Fawcon instead of Hawk throughout the Chapter,

Anno 35¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D. 1360-1.

©jDtnacto facta be atlecc.

An Ordinance of Herring.*

Ex magno Rot. Slat, in Turr. Land. in. 12, d.

D W A R D p la g"ce de Dieu Roi DengletVe, SeignÕ Dirlande & Daquitaigne, a touz ceux as queux cestes ires vendront, saluz. Coment q nad- gairs a pcurement dascuns fesantz entendre a nous & nre conseil q p cause q les hostes de nre ville de gÓnd Jernemuth, qi hertigent les Peschours venantz illoeqs od lour harang en temps de feire, ne voleient soeffrir les ditz Pescheours vendre lo' harang ne mel- ler de la vente dicelle einz le vendent a lour volentee demesne, si chier come ils voleint, & donerent as Pescheours ce q loÕ plust si q les Pescheours se retre- herent de venir illoeqes, & le harang feust mys a plus

(Õ)Õ I "'HOUGH that late at the Procurement of some doing Us and our Council to understand, that be.cause that the Hosts of our Town of Great Yarmouth, which lodge the Fishers coming there with their Herring, in the Time of the Fair, will not suffer the said Fishers to sell their Herrings, nor to meddle with the Sale of the same, but sell them at their own Will as dear as they will, and give the Fishers that (') pleaseth them, so that the Fishers do withdraw themselves to come there, and the Herring was set at a greater Dearth than it was

1 Edward by the Grace of God, King of England, Lord of Ireland, and Acepsitain, to all to whom these Letters shall come, Greeting,

* that AIS. Tr. 2.

See Statute J . Edw. Ill, chapter I, a.

¥ These Titles are from the Printed Copies and Translations: No Title appears on the Statute Roll.ÑThis Ordinance is entered on the Back of Membrane next following that ou which is entered the Duplicate of the * Ordinacio de Pisce salito de Blakeney,Õ 31 Edw, III. Statute 3 ; ante page 355.

370

35¡ Edwardi, III.

A.D.

Inconvenicn- cics arifing from the recited Statute;

All Persona may buy Herring openly, but not privily.

No Man shall interrupt another in a Bargain of Herring; nor bid upon him.

Fishermen may sell their Herring as soon ag they arrive.

before: amongst other Things it was ordained by Us and our Council, that the said Fishers of Herring should be free to sell their Herring to all People that will come to the said Fair of (') Yarmouth, without any Disturbance of their Hosts or any other; and when the said Fishers would sell their Merchandises in the Port, they should have their Hosts with them, if they would be there, and in their Presence, and in the Presence of other Mer.chants openly should sell their Merchandises to whom they pleased; and if other Merchants present would have Part of the said Merchandises, every of them should have [for his Part upon the taking,1] after the Rate of the same Merchandises so sold; and the said Sale shall be made from the Sun-rising till the Sun going down, and not before nor after; and that no Hosteler, nor other, buy Herring to hang in his House by Covin, nor in other Manner, at an higher Price the Last than Forty Shillings : Nevertheless, Because it is shewed to Us and to oiir Council by Petition in this pre.sent Parliament, that the Sale of Herring is much decayed, and the People greatly endamaged by the Points aforesaid; that is to say, that many Merchants coming to the Fair, as well Labourers and Servants, as other, do bargain for Herring, and every of them by Malice and Envy increase upon other, and if one proffer Forty Shilling, another will proffer Ten Shillings more, and the Third Sixty Shillings, and so every one sur- mounteth other in the Bargain, and such Proffers extend to more than the Price of the Herring upon which the Fishers proffered it to sell at the Beginning: And when every Man (Õ) claitneth his Part of the Herring for the Price accorded, [he*] shall have his Part, and the Herring shall be so divided amongst them, that the Fisher is so much grieved and delayed in the gathering of his Money, that he should demand of so many Per.sons, that he leeseth his [Mart5] and the Advantage of his Fishing; and also herein, that no fresh Herring is put to Sale but from the Sun-rising till the Sun going down, and not before nor after, which is to the great Loss of Fishers, and appairing of the Herring, and Da.mage of the People that shall buy the same; for the Fishing is more by Night than by Day, and often it chanceth, that the Fishers be [so long and so charged,6] that they come to the Town after Sun going down, or little before, so that they cannot sell their Herring in the Time for the Sale limited, so that they must abide all the Night and the Day after upon the Sale of their Herring, and lose many [Marts and Profits7] of their Fishing: We, perceiving the Mischiefs and Grie.vances aforesaid, by the Advice and Assent of our Par.liament, will and grant, that it shall be lawful to every Man, of what Condition that he be, Merchant or other, to buy Herring openly, and not privily, at such Price as may be agreed betwixt him and the Seller of the same Herring; and that no Man enter in Bargain upon the buying of the same, till he that first cometh to bargain shall have an End of his Bargain agreeable to the Seller, and that none (8) increase upon other during the first Bargain, upon Pain of Forfeiture to Us the Double of his Proffer, but every Man shall have the Herring so bought according to the Bargain thereof made. And that every Fisher may deliver and sell his Herring and Fish at every [Mart,9] when he cometh to the said Town of Great Yarmouth, without any Disturbance or Impeachment, notwithstanding any Ordinance made to the contrary before this Time. In Witness whereof We have caused these our Letters Patents to be made. Given at Westminster the Twentieth Day of February, in the Five and Thirtieth Year of our Reign of England.

By the King Himself and Council in Parliament.

1 hit part thereof for the price,

4 Omit this Word.

6 so rlislant and to laden,

* proffer t Tide

1 Great 3 who ' Ttdet

7 Tides, and the profit

g*nt chiertee q devant ne feust, entre au?s choses ordine estoit p nous & nre conseil q les ditz Pes cheours de harang kroient francs de vendre W haransr as toutes gentz q vorroient venir a la dite feire <je gand Jememuth, sanz nulle desturbance de lo' hostel ou auts queconqes; et quant les ditz Pescheours vou droient vendre en port lo' marchandises, a&ient 10' hostes ovesq, eux sils y voudroient estre, & en y p>sence & en psence dautres marchantz en apert ven droient lo' marchandises a qi q 10' plust, et si autrel marchandz p>sentz voudroient avoir part des dites marchandises chescun avÕoit ent sa part pÕ le prig lone lafferant de mesmes les marchandises issint ven- duees, & sroit la dite vente faite de solail levant tana a solail rescours, & nemie devant napres; et q nul hoste nautre nachateit harang p' pendre en meson p couvine nen autre maSe plus haut le last de qarant soldz : nientmeinz p' ceo q monstre est a nous Se a nfe conseil, p peticion en cest p>sent plement, q la vente de harang est rnout encherri & le poeple g'nte- ment endamage p les pointz susditz; Cest assavoir q plusurs marchantz venantz a la feire, sibien laborers & svantz come au?s, bargainent le harang, & chescun de eux p malice & p envie encrest sur autre, et si un pfre qarant soldz, un autre pfre dys soldz plus, & le tiertz seisant soldz, & issint chescun s'mont aut tn le bargaine, et tiels pfres se extendent a plus q le pris del harang p' quel le Pescheour le tendist a vendre a comencement; et qÕnt chescun q clama part del harang p' le pris acorde a Pa sa part, 8c le harang sra issint depti entre eux, le Peschour est tante greve & tarie p' la coilliet de son argent quel il demanderoit des tantes psones, qil pde ses marrez & lavantage de sa pescherie; & aussint en ceo, q nul harang fresch ne soit mis a vent, fors de solail levant tanq a solail res.cours, 8c nompas devant napres, ceo est a gÕnte pte des Pescheours, & apeirement del harang, k damage du poeple q la chat a ; qar le pescherie est plus p nuyt

| p jour & sovent avient q les Pescheo's sont si loins c si chargez qil viegnent a la ville ap*s le solail res.ours, ou poi devant, issint qils ne pÕront lo harang endr au temps s' ceo limite, si q il loÕ convendra em'er tout la nuyt & le jo' aps s' la vente de lo' larang, 8c pderont pluseurs marrez, k le pfit de lo Ôescherie: Nos attendantz les grevances & meschiefs vantditz, p avis & assent de nre dit plement, volons c gÕntons, q bien lise a chescun home, de quel licion qil soit marchant ou autre, dachatre harang, en pt nompas privement, a tiel pris come pra corde entre lui & le vendour de mesme le harang; t q nul entre en bargain s' lachate de aral'SÕ ome celui q vient pÔmer P' bargainer ava fin. son

urgain, greable a vendour; & q "U !Jde forfrire ' autre durant le primer bargain, P le

lev's nous le double de son pfre; mes * et

tarang issint achate solom 80,1 ..^deU&r son ha- j chescun Pescheour peusse ven . vien(jra a la

ang & pesson a chescun marreÕ ^ ascun devour- lite ville de Grant Jememuth, ^ ^ ^

>ance ou empeschement, ment co ^ En tes-

lance avant ces houres alte a^ f it feire cestes

10Z tres patentes. Don a

lan da nfe "f! CoÈi È

p ipm Kegc

( 371

i

k

i

I

h

s

s

h

:Ôi InMaTgine Rotuli.

'iÈi

s

U

Çi,

h

Hi

H

*Mi.

fat

fcÇ

f"*a

"!ÈÇ

pli

can.

Oft

nfki

sjiii

sijli

Ç!¥!'

i'i am jkkii un kÕnt ink ikjkti tie on ,ÇP'

bp<

Z'B

¥jii1

3&

\,t

W

w

t**

y

y

y

y

Anno 36¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D.1362.

£>tatutum fcm (n pÕitamento lento apuo fflitetm; tn qutn&ena £>cÕt iJjffteljÕts 3nno tricesimo sc?to.

A STATUTE made in the Parliament holden at Westminster ; In the Fifteenth of Saint Michael, in the thirty-sixth year.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. 8.

AL honour & pleisance de Dieu, & amendement des outrages grevances & oppressions faitz au poeple, & en relevement de lour estat, le Roi Edward, a son plement tenuz a Westmonstier a la quinzime Seint Michel, lan de son regne trente sisme, a la requeste de sa comune p lour peticion baillez a lui en le dit plement, p assent des Prelatz, Dues, Countes, Barons & autres g*ntz, au dit plement assemblez, ad gÕunte pr lui & ses heirs a touz jours les articles souzescriptz:

Priniement q la g*nde Chartre & la Chartre de la

TO the Honour and Pleasure of God, and Amend.ment of the outragious Grievances and Oppres.sions done to the People, and in Relief of their Estate, King Edward at his Parliament holden at Westminster in the Fifteenth of St. Michael, the Six and thirtieth Year of his Reign, at the Request of his Commons by their Petition delivered to him in the said Parliament, by Assent of the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, and other Great Men in the said Parliament assembled, hath granted for him and his Heirs for ever the Articles under-written.

Foreste, & les autres estatutz, faitz en son temps & en temps de ses pgenitours, soient bien & fermement tenuz & gardez, es touz pointz.

Item p' la grevouse pleinte qad este fait des Pur- veours des vitailles del Hostel le Roi, la Roigne, & lour eisne filz, & des auts Seign's & Dames du realme, le Roi de sa ppre volente, sanz mocion des g*untz ou coes, ad g*nte & ordene en ease du son poeple, q desore nul home du dit Realme eit prise, fors soulement lui mesmes & la Roigne sa compaigne: et outre, del assent avantdit est ordeigne & establi q s' tieux p'veances desore affaire pr les hosteulx le Roi & la Roigne soit pst paiement fait en poigne, cest- assavoir le pris pr quel autiels vitailles sont venduz coement, en marchees environ: et q le heignous noun de p'veour soit chaunge & nome Achatour; et si le chatour ne purra bonement acorder ove le vendour, de ce q il enbusoignera, adonqes les prises q se fer- ront pr les ditz deux hostelx soient faites p veue & tesmoignance & apptiacion des Seign's, ou lour bail- lifs, Conestables, & quatre pdeshomes de chescune ville, & ce p endenture affaire entre les achatours & les ditz Seign's, ou Baillifs, Conestables & quatre homes, contenante la quantite de la prise & le pris & des queux persones: et q les prises soient faites en covenable & ease maSe, sanz duresce, reddour, ma- naces, ou autre vilenie j & q les prises & achatz soient faitz es lieux & places ou greindr plentee yad, & ce en temps covenable; et q plus ne soit pris q ne bu- soigne en sa sesone, p' les ditz deux hosteulx; et q le noumbre des achatours soit amenuse en taunt come home purra bonement; et q tieux soient achatours q soient sufficiantz de respondre au Roi & au poeple, & q nul de eux eit depute ; et q les comissions soient en- sealees du g*nt seal, & chescun demy an restitutz en la Chancellerie, & autres de novel faites, et q en les dites comissions soit comprise toute la matere & maSe

FIRST, That the Great Charter and the Charter of F the Forest, and the other Statutes made in his Time, and in the Time of his Progenitors, be well and surely Charter, &c. holden and kept in all Points.

ITEM, For the grievous Complaint which hath been made of Purveyors of Viduals of the Houses of the King, the Queen, their eldest Son, and of other Lords and Ladies of the Realm, the King of his own Will, without motion of the Great Men or Commons, hath granted and ordained in ease of his People, that from henceforth no Man of the said Realm shall have any Taking, but only Himself and the Queen his Companion: And moreover, of the Assent aforesaid, It is ordained and established, That upon such Purveyances from hence.forth to be made for tfi'e Houses of the King and the Queen, ready Payment shall be made in Hand, that is to say, the Price for which such Victuals be sold com.monly in the Markets about : And that the heinous Name of Purveyor be changed, and named Buyer ; and if the Buyer cannot well agree with the Seller of that which he shall need, then the Takings which shall be made for the said Two Houses, shall be made by the View, Testimony, and Appraisement of the Lords, or their Bailiffs, Constables, and four good Men of every Town, and that by Indenture to be made betwixt the Buyers and the said Lords or Bailiffs, Constables and four Men, containing the Quantity of their Takings, and of the Price, and of what Persons; and that the

II.

Purveyance shall be made only for the King and Queen.

Payment in ready Money.

Name of Purveyors changed to Buyers.

By whom

and how Appraise.ment shall be made.

Takings shall be made without Menaces; and where there is plenty.

Takings be made in convenient and easy Manner, with.out Duress, Compulsion, Menace, or other Villainy; and that the Takings and Buyings be made in such Places where greatest Plenty is, and that in a meet Time ; and that no more be taken than shall be needful in the Season for the said Two Houses ; and that the Number of the Buyers be diminished in as much well may ; and that such be Buyers which be sufficient Buyers shall to answer to the King and his People, and that none of be Men of them have Deputy ; and that the Commissions be sealed with the Great Seal, and every Half Year redelivered and their into the Chancery, and other newly made; and that in the said Commissions be comprised all ihe matter and manner Half-yearly.

Vot. L

SB

^.1362. W

None bound to obey Buyer* without ready Payment.

Com shill be measured by Strike.

Present Payment shall be made for Carriage.

Penalty on taking other, wise than according to Commission ; Felony.

III.

Punishment of a Buyer taking a Bribe.

of their Takings and Buyings ; and that the said Commissions be made upon the End of the said Parliament, and then all the other Commissions of Purveyors heretofore made, be wholly repealed; and that no Man be bound to obey to the Buyers of other Lords against their Agreement and Will, nor to the Buyers of the said Houses, unless they make ready Pay.ment in Hand, as before is said ; and that no Man be put in Contempt because of Disobedience made in this Behalf; and that the Takings of all manner of Com and Malt for the said l'wo Houses, be measured by Measure according to the Standard, striked, and not by Heap; and for tne Carriages of the said Com and Malt, and for all manner of Takings and Buyings to be made for the said Two Houses, ready Payment be made in Hand in the same Manner as for the Takings and Buyings aforesaid ; and that there be no more Carriage taken than needeth, and shall be necessary in this Behalf: And if any Buyer after the new Commissions made, make any Takings or Buying, or taking of Car.riage in other Manner than is comprised in their said Commissions, he shall have Punishment of Life and Member, as in other Statutes is ordained of Purveyors.

ITEM, That no Buyer of Viftuals, nor Taker of Carriages, take nor receive of any a Gift or any other Thing, for sparing to be made, rtor shall not charge nor grieve any Man by Occasion of such Takings, Buyings and Carriages, for Hatred, (') Evil Will, or procuring; and if he do, and be thereof attainted at the Suit of the Party, he shall yield to the Party his Treble Damage, and shall have Imprisonment of 'Two Years, and also be ransomed at the KingÕs Will, and after forswear the Court: And if the Party will not sue, he that will sue for the King shall have the Third Peny of that which shall be recovered for his Labour, and nevertheless the Buyer and Taker shall have the Pain as before is said in the same Article; and that every Buyer upon his Accompt shall declare and [divide1] severally all the Takings and Buyings of every County, Town, Village, and Person.

IV.

Commissions to inquire of Buyer) and Takers.

The Steward, See. of the Households shall ascertain the Receipts of Purvey.ances

and certify them into Chancery i and the Chan.cellor to the Commis.sioners.

Extended to Purveyors for Grett Horses

ITEM, To restrain the Malice and Falshood of Buyers of Victuals and Takers of Carriages, Commis.sions shall be made to Two good Men and lawful, of every County, and the Third shall be of the KingÕs House, named in the said Commissions, so that if any of the Three come not, the Two shall proceed to enquire of the Behaviour and Adis of the said Buyers and Takers, and how much the same Buyers have taken and bought, and how much Carriage the said Takers have taken severally of every Town (J) or singular Persons; and to hear and determine the Contempts, Outrages, and Trespasses done in this Behalf, as well at the KingÕs Suit, as at the Suit of every Man that will complain of them : And for Information to be made to the said Justices of the Things aforesaid, the Steward, Treasurer, and Controller of every of the said 1Õwo Houses, shall assemble and call before them all the Clerks and other Officers whatsoever they be, of every Office of the said Two Houses, and shall see the Receipts of the Parcels provided in the Country and dispended in the said Two Houses : And at every Quarter or Half Year, they shall certify in the Chancery the Parcels taken in every Town, and of every Person, and the Chancellor shall send this Certificate to the Justices which shall be so assigned ; and if it be found in the Country by Evi.dence of their Indentures, or in other Manner, that they have taken more than they have delivered into the said Two Houses, and that they have not paid for that which they have taken, at the Suit of the Party, or at the KingÕs Suit, he shall have Pain of Life and Member, as afore is said : And that this Ordinance extend and hold Place as well against the Purveyors for the great Horses of the said Two Houses, as against the Buyers and Takers before-named.

1 Envy,

* distinguish

3 Village

soient faites sÕ la fin du dit plemem * les autres cotnissions des Purveo'sÕ dev^T-t0Ute5 tout repellez; et q nul home soit tenuz de^S * achatours des autres SeignÕs, contre lour a* 7 Ò lente ne a les achatours des ditz deux hosteulx £ ne facent pst patement en poigne come devant J d.t; neqnul home sou mis en contempt p Ò desobeissance faite en celle ptie: et H lÇ ¥ toute maSe des bledz & brese p- les ditz

::::r~b

bledz & brese, & p' routes au£ maSes des & achatz affaire pÕ les ditz deux hosteulx, soit L *2 ment fait en poigne, en mesme la maSe come p | Ô prises & achatz susditz j et q plus de aria* 1 soit pris q ne busoigne & soit necessaire celle ptie- et si nul achatour, a£>s les novelles comissions faites, face ascunes prises ou achatz ou pnour de cariage, en autre maSe q nest compris en lour dites comissions, eit punissement de vie & de membre- come en autres estatutz est ordene des Purveours!

Item q nul achatour des vitailles, ne pnour des cariages, p>gne ne receive de nullui don nautre bien- fan, pr disport faire, ne ne charge ne ne greve nul home p cause des tieux prises, achatz, & cariages, p' haour, envie, male volente, ou peurement; et sil face & de ce soit atteint a suyte de ptie, rende a la ptie ses damages au treble, & eit la prisone de deux anns, & soit reint a la volente le Roi, & puis forsjure la Court: et si la ptie ne vorra sure, eit celui q le vorra sure pr le Roi le tierz den! de ceo q serra reco9i pr son t*vail, et nientmeins eit lachatour & pnour la penance come devant est dit en mesme ceste article: et q chescun achatour, sr son acompt, declare & distinge sevÕale- ment touz les prises & achatz de chescun Countee, ville, villee, & psone.

Item pr restreindre la malice des achatours des vitailles & pnours des cariages, soient comissions faites as deux bones gentz & loialx de chescun Countee, & le tierce soit del hostel le Roi, nome en mesmes les comissions; issint q si aucun de trois ne veigne, q les deux aillent avant, denquere du port & faitz del ditz achatours & pnours, & combien mesmes les acha.tours ont pris & achate, & combien de cariage les ditz pnours ont pris settlement de chescun ville, villee, ou singuleres psones; & doier & fminer les contemptz, outrages & tspas, faitz celle ptie sibien a la suyte le Roi come a la suite de chescun qi se vorra de eux pleindre: et pr informacion faire as ditz Jus.tices des choses susdites, se assemblent le Seneschal, Tresorer, Countreroullour de chescun des ditz deux hosteux, & appellent devant eux touz les Clercs & autrs offices queconqes, du chescun office de mesmes les deux hosteulx & veient les resceites des peels p'veuz en paiis & despenduz en les ditz h¡steu .j a chescun quar? ou demy an ?t,fient en la Chand- lerie les pcelles prises en chescune ville e cune psone, & le Chanceller face mander celle Afia- cion f les justices q W issint umffm jj* .^ trove en paiis, p evidence de lour em en ^ ^ autre made, qils ont pris Plus J * "¡ ce qi]| ount ditz deux hosteulx, et qils noun P P q e pris, a suite de ptie ou a suite J

de vie & de membre, come devan dJ>s

ordenance se estende & tiegne hen sffi ^

Purveours p1 les g*untz ch'vaulx £^

teulx, come defies achatours & pnours a

ITEM, That no Man of the said Two Houses, hold

more of the said Horses [in the Livery,'] where these Houses shall be, than is ordained by [a Ô3 Statute of the KingÕs House. And if any do otherwise, it shall be done to him for the Horses found over the Number limited to him by the said Statute, as the Statute will: And that no Man of the same Two Houses, of what Estate or Condition that he be, hath Purveyor or Fore.goer, to make any Purveyance or taking for any Man of the said Two Houses, but that they or their People buy that which they need, of them that will sell the same of their good Will, and pay readily in Hand, according as they may agree with the Sellers; and if they do otherwise, such Punishment shall be made upon them, as afore is said of the Buyers : And that Hunters, Faulkners, Serjeants at Arms, and all other which be at Wages or pertaining to the said Two Houses, shall have the same Penance if they offend against the same.

V.

No Man of the Houthold *h*U keep at Livery more Horae* than allowed by the Statute l + Edvi ///. Hat. 1. e. 191 nor retain Purveyor* for himMlf ;

Item q nul home des ditz deux hosteulx tiegne plus des chivaulx. en sa live ou les hosteulx sront q nest ordeigne p estatut del hostel le Roi; et si nul face autrement, soit des chivaulx trovez outre le noumbre a lui attitle p le dit estatut fait come le sta- tut voet: et q nul home des ditz deux hosteulx de queconq estat ou condicion qil soit eit Purveour ou Forgoer de faire nulle p'veance ne prise pr nul home des ditz deux hosteulx, mes q eux ou lour gentz acha- tent ce q lour busoigne de eux q le voillent de lour bon gree vendre, & paient pstement en main selonc ce qils purront acorder ove le vendour; et sils facent en autre man!e, soit fait de eux tiel punissement come dessus est dit des achatours : et q Veneours, Fauconers, Serjantes darmes, & touz autres q sont as gages ou appertenance as ditz deux hosteulx, eient mesme la penance sils veignent a lencountre.

Item q nul Seignr Dengle?re ne nul autre du dit roialme, de quel estat ou condicion qil soit, forpris le Roi 8c la Roine, face prise p lui ne nul de ses gentz en acun manle de nul marie des vitailles, mes achatent ce q lour busoigne de ces q le voillent vendre de lour bon gree, & p' ce paient pasternent en poigne selonc ce qils purront acorder ove le vendour: et si les gentz des Seign's ou des auts facent en autre marie & de ce soient atteintz, soit fait de eux tiel punissement de vie & de membre come ordeigne est des achatours.

Item coment q ordeigne soit p lestatut de lestaple, q les Meirs & Conestables de les Estaples eient juris- diccion 8c conissance deins les villes ou les estaples sont, des gentz & de toute marie des choses touchantz lestaple, & des felonies mahemes 8c tspas faitz deinz lestaple ; acorde est 8c assentu q les ditz Meirs 8c Cone.stables apont conissance tantsoulement des dettes, co- venances, 8c contfftes 8c toutes auts plees touchantz marchandie 8c seurete de marchandie, entre Marchant & Marchant, q sont p' Marchantz conuz; 8c pees des felonies 8c des touz aut s plees sibien deinz lestaple come dehors, soient a la coe leye, come feurent devant la fesance del estatut de lestaple, nient contresteant mesme lestatute; sauve toutesfoitz q les marchantz aliens soient ils pleintifs ou defendantz, puissent sure lour pleintz 8c quereles sibien de trespas come autres les quels qils voillent, devant le Meir de lestaple p la ley de lestaple ou aillours a la coe ley come est contenu en le dit estatut de la Staple : et q le Roi 8c touz autres Seign's deinz leur Seign'ies eient 8c enjoient lour f/aunchises, jurisdiccions 8c privileges, come ils avoient avant mesme lestatut fait; issint toutesfoitz q le Meir de lestaple eit poair de pndre reconissance des dettes de queconqes psones, soit il Marchant soit il autre, en mesme la maffecome est contenuz en mesme lestatut de lestaple.

Item le Roi a la priere de la coe monstrantz a lui p lour peticion coment C-hapelleins sont deverruz trop chiers puis la pestilence, a g"nde grevance 8c opp'ssion du poeple, ad pie a Lercevesq, de Canterbirs 8c Evesqes esteantz en plement de mettre s' ce remedie covenable ; queux Ercevesq, 8c Evesqes, al movement de Roi 8c des grantz, disoient en mesme le plement qils ont s' ce ordeigne en Ptein ; cestassavoir, q peine des C-hapel- leins pochiels p queconq, colour receivantz outre sis marez, 8c auts chauntantz annales, 8c a cure des almes nient entendantz, pnantz outre cink marez, sanz dispensacion Devesq,, est suspension dofftce, silz deinz le mois de ce q plus receiverent ne facent restitucion, al oPaigne del esglise en quele ils chaun- terent: 8c peine des gentz de seinte esglise donantz outre sis marez ou cynk as Chapelleins pochiels,

ITEM, That no Lord of England, nor none other Purveyance of the said Realm, of what Estate or Condition that he 0f Virtualj be, except the King and the Queen [his Wife,] shall byaSubjeft, make any Taking by him, or any of his Servants, (Õ) Felony, of any Manner of Victuals, but shall buy the same that they need, of such as will sell the same of their good Will, and for the same shall make ready Payment in Hand, according as they may agree with the Seller.

And if the People of Lords, or of other, do in other Manner, and thereof be attainted, such Punishment of Life and of Member shall be done of them, as is ordained of the Buyers.

ITEM, The King, at the Prayer of the Commons, VIII. shewing to him by Petition, how that Priests be become [very scant1] after the Pestilence, to the great Grie.vance and Oppression of the People, hath spoken to the Archbishop of Canterbury and the other Bishops, being in the Parliament, to set thereupon a covenable Remedy, which Archbishop and Bishops at the motion of the King, and of the Great Men said in the same Parlia.ment that they have thereupon ordained in certain; that is to say, That the Pain of Parish Priests by any manner colour receiving above Six Marks, and [other yearly singing,6] and not entending the Cure of Souls, taking above Five Marks, without the Bishop's Dispensation [and7] Suspension ol their Office, if they within the Month make not Restitution to the Use of the Church, in which they sing, of that that they have above received : And the Pain of People of Holy Church, giving above Six Marks or Five Marks to Parish Priests,

' at Lyverie MS. Tr. 2. 1 the > in any manner,

4 Marchant anti Marchant MS. Tr. 2. s so dear MS. Tr. a.

6 of others being yearly Chaunters 1 ij

ITEM, Though it be ordained by the Statute of the Staple, That the Mayors and Constables of the said Staples shall have Jurisdiftion and Cognisance within the Towns where the Staples be, of the People and of all manner of Things touching the Staple, and of Felo- Mayors, See. nies, Mayhems, and Trespass done within the Staple; of the Staple It is accorded and assented, That the said Mayors and shall take Constables shall have Cognisance only of Debts, Cove- ^Contnla* nants and C.ontra£ls, and all other Pleas touching Mer- between chandise and Surety of Merchandise betwixt [Merchants'] Merchant*; which be for Merchants known ; and Process of Felonies, hut not of and all other Pleas, as well within the Staple as without, MKt' shall be at the Common Law, as they were before the Statute of the Staple, notwithstanding the said Statute;

Saving always, That the Merchants Aliens (be they Òto

Plaintiffs or Defendants) may sue their Plaints and Aben**"1' Quarrels, as well of Trespass as of other what they will, before the Mayor of the Staple, by the Law of the Staple, or elsewhere at the Common Law, as is con- ^

tained in the said Statute of the Staple; and that the pran*bi*e*. King and all other Lords, within their Seigniories, have and enjoy their Franchises, Jurisdiftions and Privileges, as they had before the same Statute made; so always that the Mayor of the Staple have Power to take Recog.nisances of Debts of every Person, be he Merchant or other, in the same Manner as is contained in the same Statute of the Staple.

The Wage* of Priests.

1X\

Remedy in Chancery for Breaches of Statutes.

X.

Parliament every Year.

XI.

The late Subsidy shsll not be an Example.

All Mer.chants may export Wools.

XII.

At what Time the Sessions of Peace shall be holden.

XIII.

Eschcators shall have no Fee of Lands in Ward ;

nor commit Waste.

Fine, and Treble Damages to the Heir, injured.

Extended to Lands seised by 1 nquest of Olhce.

or other yearly [singing1] as afore is said, is to pay the Double of that that they do excessively pay, to be converted to the Use of Alms at the Arbitrement of the Diocesan of the Place: And all manner Priests, intending their proper Service, as yearly [singing'] shall serve the Parishes and be attending to the Cure of Souls, as [he'] by the Ordinaries of thePlace, or by them to whom [he attaineth,3] shall be required, upon Pain of Suspension of their Office, which they shall incur upon the Deed, if they within the Twenty Days after that they shall be required, be not obedient to such Requests : And that no Priest passing from One Dio.cese to another, shall be received there to sing Divine Service, unless he shew to the Diocesan of the Place Letters commendatory of the Bishop, in whose Diocese he last before dwelled : Wherefore the King by the Assent of the Great Men and Commons hath ordained, That if any secular Man of the Realm pay any more than Five Marks to any Priest yearly in Money or in other Things to the Value, or if he pay to such Priest, retained to abide at his Table, above Two Marks for his Gown and his other Necessaries, his Table accounted to xl. s., and thereof be attainted, he shall pay to the King fully as much as he paid to the said Priest.

ITEM, If any Man that feeleth himself grieved con.trary to any of the Articles above written, or others contained in divers Statutes, will come into the Chan.cery, or any for him, and thereof make his Complaint, he shall presently there have Remedy by Force of the said Articles and Statutes, without elsewhere pursuing to have Remedy.

ITEM, For Maintenance of the said Articles and Statutes, and Redress of divers Mischiefs and Grievan.ces which daily happen, [a Parliament shall be holden4] every Year, as another Time was ordained by Statute.

ITEM, The King by the Assent aforesaid, having Regard to [the Grant1] that the Commons have granted now in this Parliament, of Wools, Leather, and Wool- fells to be taken for Three Years, will and grant that after the said Term passed, nothing be taken nor demanded of the said Commons, but only the ancient Custom of Half a Mark ; nor that this Grant now made, or which hath been made in Times past, shall not be had in Example nor Charge of the said Commons in Time to come : And that the Merchants Denizens may pass with their Wools as well as the Foreigns, without being restrained ; and that no Subsidy, nor other Charge, be set nor granted upon the Wools, by the Merchants nor by none other from henceforth, without the Assent of the Parliament.

ITEM, That in the Commissions of Justices of the Peace, and of Labourers, express mention be made, That the same Justices make their Sessions Four Times by the Year, that is to say, one Session within the Utas of the Epiphany, the Second within the Second Week of [Lent,6] the Third betwixt the Feasts of Pentecost and of St. John Baptist, the Fourth within the Eight Days of St. Michael.

ITEM, For grievous Complaint that the King hath heard by his People of his Escheators, and of their evil Behaviour; he will and hath ordained of the Assent aforesaid, That Lands seised into his Hands because of Ward, shall be safely kept without Waste or Destruc.tion ; and that the Escheator have no Fee of Wood, Fish, nor of Venison, nor other Thing, but shall answer to the King of the Issues and Profits yearly coming of the said Lands, without doing Waste or Destruction ; and if he do otherwise, and thereof be attainted, he shall be ransomed at the KingÕs Will, and yield to the Heir the treble Damages at his own Suit, as well within Age, as of full Age ; and his Friends, as long as he is within Age, shall have the Suit for him, answering to the said Heir of that which shall be so recovered : Also of other Lands seised into the KingÕs Hands by Inquest of Office taken before the Escheators, this Ordinance and Penance shall 'hold Place against the Escheators:

* Chauntert 1 they 5 they belong

* be the Parlement holden MS. Tr. 2.

5 the grete Subsidie MS. Tr. 2. 4 Mid-Lent

ou autres chauntantz annals, come devant est dit. paier le double de ce q excessivement il, pajereãt'! tourner en oeps dalmoigne al arbitrement del diocelaj de lieu : et q Chapelleins queconqes a lour ppre €vice entendantz, come chauntantz annals, €vent as pochÇ

& soient entendantz a cure des almes, come p ]ã ordeigners de lieu ou p ces as queux ils attient Sront requis, sÕ peine de suspension doffice, quel ils encur- reront sÕ le fait sils dedeinz les vintz jours aj?s oils Sront issint requis ne soient obeissantz au del requeste ¥ et q nul C-hapellein passant dune diocise a autre soit recieu illeoqes de chaunter divine €vice sil ne monstre al Diocisan de lieu Ires comendantes del Evesq, en qi diocise pchein devant il demÕra: P quoi le Roi del assent des g*ntz & coes ad ordeigne, q si nul home seculer du realme paie plus q cynk marez a nul Chapellein annal, en deners ou en autre chose a la valeu, ou sil paie au tiel Chapellein retenuz a dem'er a sa table outre deux marez pr Ç robe & ses autres necessaines, sa table acompte a quarante souldz, & de ce soit atteint, paie au Roi pleinement a tant come il paia au dit Chapellein.

Item si nul home se sente greve au contreire de nul des articles dessus escriptz ou au?s contenuz en div'ses estatutz, & veigne en la Chancellerie ou aucun pÕ lui, & de ce face sa pleinte, eit mein- tenant illeoqes remedie p force des ditz articles Sc estatutz, sanz aillours p'sure pr remedie avoir.

Item pr meintenance des ditz articles & estatutz,

& redresser dieses meschiefs & grevances q veignent de jour en autr, soit plement tenuz chescun an sicome autrefoitz estoit ordeigne p estatut.

Item le Roi del assent avandit, eant regarde al g*nt Subside q les Coes lui ont g*ntez ore en cest plement, des leines, quirs, & peaulx lanuz, a pWr pr trois anns, voet & gÒnte, qaps le dit t ine passe rien ne soit pris ne demande des ditz coes, fors soule- ment launciene custume de demy marc; ne q cest gÓnte ore faite, ou qad este faite devant ces heures, ne soit tret en ensaumple ne charge du dite coe en temps aveS: et q les Marchantz deinzeins puissent passer ove lour leines, si avant come les foreins, sanz estre restreintz ; & q nul Subside nautre charge soit mis ne g*nte s' les leines, p les Marchantz ne p nul autre, desore enavant sanz assent du plement.

Item q en les comissions des Justices de la pees & des laborers, soit faite expose mencion q mesmes les Justices facent lour Sessions quaterfoitz p an; cestassa- voir une session deinz les Oetaves de la Tiphaine, la secunde deinz la secunde simaigne de demy Quaresme, le tierce entre les festes de Pentecoste & de Seint JohÕn Baptistre, le quart deinz les oet jours de Seint Michel.

Item p' la grevouse pleinte q le Roi ad oie de son poeple, de ses Eschetours & de lour mal port, il voet & ad ordeigne del assent avantdit, q tres seisiez en sa mein p cause de garde soient sauvement gardez, sanz wast ou destruccion ; et q leschetour eit nul fee de bois, venison, de pesson, nautr rien, mes respoigne au Roi des issues & pfitz annuels pvenantz des ditz tres, M. ]. sanz wast ou destruccion faire, et sil face autrement & de ce soit atteint, soit reint a la volente le Roi, & rende al heir les damages au treble, a sa ppre sute sibien deins age come de pleine age, & eient les amys tantcoine il est deinz age la sute pr lui, respoignantz au dit heir de ce q €ra issint recoVy: auxint des aufs tres seisiez en la mein le Roi p enqueste doffice, prise devant les Eschetours, tiegne tnesme ceste ordeignance & penance devs les Eschetours ¥

e sil eit nul home q mette chalenge ou claym as tres issint seisiez, q leschetour mande lenqueste en la Chancellerie, deinz le mois aps les tVes issint seisies, et q brief lui soit live de ?tifier la cause de sa seisine en Chancellerie, & illeoqes soit oie sanz delay de t*verser loffice, ou autrement monstrer son droit, & dilleoqes mande devant le Roi, affaire finale discussion sanz attendre autre mandement: et en cas q ascun veigne devant le Chanceller & monstre son droit pr quele demonstrance p bones evidences de son auncien droit & bon title, q le Chancellor p sa bone dis- crecion & avis de conseil, si lui semble qil busoigne avoir conseil, qil lesse & bailie les tVes issint en debat au tenant, rendant ent au Roi la value si au Roi apptient, en marie come il & les auts Chancellers devans lui ont fait devant ces heures de leur bone dis- crecion, issint qil face seurete qil ne fra wast ne des- truccion tanq, il soit ajugge : et q les ditz Eschetours Pgnent deles enquestes en les bones villes & p bones gentz, & ce ovVement & p endentures affaires entre les ditz Eschetours & ces de les enquestes, come autre- foitz fuist ordeigne p estatut: et si nul Eschetour face au contraire de ceste ordeignance susdite eit la prisone de deux anns Sc outre soit reint a la volente le Roi.

Item pr ce q lentencion des Seign's & de la coe est declare en cest psent plement, q les coaltees de chescunes villes du Roialme eient les fins & anfciamentz & touz au?s pfitz de queconqes artificers, svantz, & au?s la.borers, & feussent paiez as Coillours de la quinzisme trienale, autrefoitz g"ntez au Roi p' le temps de trois anns, en avantage de la coe en descharge de la quin.zisme ; si est ordeigne en cest plement q touz les deniers des fins & aiSciernentz & autrs pfitz, sibien ces q sont levez come ceux q sont a lever, dues de les ditz trois anns, soient levez al oeps de la coe Sc distributz entre eux, nient coniresteantz les poles en lautre estatut q sont cont"riantz a ceste declaracion & ordeignance: et q les Coillours des ditz deniers ne soient mye tenuz de rendre de ce acompt a Lescheqer, mes q les Jus.tices de la pees en chescun C.ountee eient poair doier lour acompt, Sc les compeller de faire pleine distribucion.

Item, p' ce q monstre est soventfoitz au Roi, p Prelatz, Dues Counts Barons & tout la coe, les gnntz meschiefs q sont advenuz as plusours du realme de ce q les ieyes custumes & estatutz du dit realme ne sont pas conuz coement en mesme le realme, p cause qils sont pledez monstrez & juggez en la lange Fran- ceis, qest trop desconue en dit realme; issint q les gentz q pledent ou sont empledez en les Courtz le Roi Si les Courtz dautres, nont entendement ne conissance de ce qest dit pr eulx ne contre eulx p lour Ser- geantz & auts pledours; et q resonablement les dites leyes & custumes €ront le plus tost apris & conuz & mieultz entenduz en la lange usee en dit realme, et p tant chescun du dit realme se p'roit mieultz govVier sanz faire offense a la leye, & le mieultz garder sauver & defend? ses heritages & possessions; & en dieses regions Sc paiis, ou le Roi les nobles Sc autrs du dit realme ont este, est bon govWment & plein droit fait a chescun p cause q lour leyes Sc cus.tumes sont apris & usez en la lange du paiis : Le Roi desirant le bon government Sc fnqillite de son poeple, & de ouster & eschure les maulx & meschiefs q sont advenuz, & purront avener en ceste ptie, ad pr les causes susdites ordeigne 8c establi del assent avantdit q toutes plees q sront a pleder en ses Courtz queconqes, devant ses J ustices queconqes ou en ses autres places ou de.vant ses autrs Ministres qconqes ou en les Courtz

And if there be any Man that will make Claim or Such Inquest* Challenge to the Lands so seised, that the Escheator mÈy send the Inquest into the Chancery within the Month ,n

after the Lands so seised, and that a Writ be delivered *"c to him to certify the Cause of his Seisin into the Chan.cery, and there he shall be heard without Delay to traverse the Office, or otherwise to shew his Right, and from thence sent before the King to make a final Dis.cussion, without attending other Commandments : And in case that any come before the Chancellor, and shew his Right, [by which shewing1] by good Evidences of his antient Right and good Title, the Chancellor by his good Discretion and Advice of Counsel, if it seem expedient to him to have Counsel, shall let and demise The LÇnd the Lands so in Debate to the Tenant, yielding thereof to

to the King the Value, if it pertain to the King, in the thªTcnint Manner as he and the other Chancellors before him until have done in Times past of their good Discretion, so Judgment, that he find Surety that he shall do no Waste nor Destruflion, till it be judged : And that the said Eschratora Escheators take such Inquests in the good Towns and u**kseaJ of good People, and that openly and by Indentures to direaÇd by be made between the said Escheators and them of the the Statute Inquests, as another Time was ordained by a Statute: 34 US. And if any Escheator do to the contrary of this said penj|yÓf Ordinance, he shall have Two Years Imprisonment, and pjne and Im- moreover he shall be ransomed at the KingÕs Will. pHsonmcnt.

ITEM, Because that the Intent of the Lords and ^IV. ^ Commons is declared in this present Parliament, That LaLurerl0 the Commonalties of every Town of the Realm shall &c. shall be have the Fines and Amerciaments, and all other Profits levied to the of all manner Artificers, Servants, and other Labourers, ¡f tl>e and that the same be paid to the Colle&ors of the ommoiu- Triennial Quinzime, another Time granted to the King for the Space of Three Years, in Advantage of the Commons, in discharge of the Quinzime ; It is ordained in this Parliament, That all the Money of Fines and Amerciaments [of Profits,Õ] as well such as be levied, as which be to be levied, due of the said Three Years, shall be levied to the Use of the Commons, and distri.buted betwixt them, notwithstanding the Words in another Statute, which be contrary to this Declaration and Ordinance ; and the Colleftors of the said Money The Juttice* shall not be bounden to yield thereof Account at the Exchequer, but that the Justices of Peace in every Account. County have Power to hear their Account, and compel them to make full Distribution.

ITEM, Because it is often shewed to the King by XV. the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, and all the Com- Reasons why monalty, of the great Mischiefs which have happened *^,1*** to divers of the Realm, because the Laws, Customs, pleaded in the and Statutes of this Realm be not commonly [holden EngliÈh and kept3] in the same Realm, for that they be pleaded, Tongue, shewed, and judged in the French Tongue, which is much unknown in the said Realm ; so that the People which do implead, or be impleaded, in the KingÕs Court, and in the Courts of other, have no Knowledge nor Understanding of that which is said for them or against them by their Serjeants and other Pleaders; and that reasonably the said Laws and Customs [the rather shall be perceived: ] and known, and better understood in the Tongue used in the said Realm, and by so much every Man of the said Realm may the better govern himself without offending of the Law, and the better keep, save, and defend his Heritage and Possessions; and in divers Regions and Countries, where the King, the Nobles, and other of the said Realm have been, good Governance and full Right is done to every Per.son, because that their Laws and Customs be learned and used in the Tongue of the Country : The King, desiring the good Governance and Tranquillity of his People, and to put out and eschew the Harms and Mischiefs which do or may happen in this Behalf by the Occasions aforesaid, hath ordained and stablished by the Assent aforesaid, that all Pleas which shall be pleaded in [any Õ ] Courts whatsoever, before any of his Justices whatsoever, or in his other Places, or before any of His other Ministers whatsoever, or in the Courts

1 upon tuck shruiing 1 arul other profites JWS. Tr. a.

t known 4 shall be the more soon lerned, MS. Tr.z.

5 his MS. Tr. 2.

and Places of any other Lords whatsoever within the Pleat shall be Realm, shall be pleaded, shewed, defended, answered, pleaded in the debated, and judged in the English Tongue, and that Tomrue and they be entered and inrolled in Latin; and that the be inrolkd Laws and Customs of the same Realm, Terms, and in Latin. Processes, be holden and kept as they be and have been before this Time ; and that by the ancient Terms and Forms of [the Declarations'] no Man be prejudiced, so that the Matter of the Action be fully shewed in the Declaration and in the Writ: And it is accorded by the Assent aforesaid, that this Ordinance and Statute of Pleading begin and hold Place at the Fifteenth of St. Hilary next coming.

1 Pleaders

& places des autrs SeignÕs qeconqes deinz le realm soient pledez, monstretz, defenduz, responds debat*Õ & juggee en la lange tngleisej et qiU Vjitn, rÕ Ò & enroullez en ladn, ct q le, leye, J, tmtMO dã 3 Realme, tmes & pcesses, soient tenuz 8c gardezcom k rt & ont ^ant ces heures; et q ã Ò

tmes & formes de counter nul home soit pdm q la mat,re del action soit pleinement monstreÕeq u demonstrance 8c en le brief: et est acorde del assent avantdn q cestes ordeignances 8c estatutz de DU comenceent 8c tiegnent lieu al quinzeine SeintHilW pchein avenir.

* Interlined on the Roll.

Petition of the Commoni for a general Pardon, concerning all such Articles as tend not to the permanent Injury of the Crown.

&>Õ l&ÕDon facta Co ttatt regtrt 3lngl\

Of the Pardon made to the Commonalty of the Realm

of England.

In Martint

Rotuli.

Statute the Second.

EDWARD by the Grace of God, [8cc. to all that, 8cc.'] Greeting. Know Ye, that We have received the Petition delivered to Us by the Commons of Our Realm in this present Parliament, in the Form as followeth :

TO their most redoubted Sovereign Lord the King pray the said Commons, That Whereas they have prayed him to be discharged of all manner of Articles of the Eire, except Pleas of Land of Quo Warranto, Treasons, Rob- beries, and all other Felonies, for the which a Man fhall bear Pain of Life and Member; which Petition seemeth to his Council to be prejudicial to him, and in Disherison of his Crown, if it were so generally granted; his said Commons not willing nor desiring to demand Things of him which should fall in Disherison of him or of his Crown perpetually, as of Escheats of Land or of Tene.ments by any Cause, Wi-rds, Marriages, Fees, and Advowsons, Serjanties, Rents, Services,Seignories, Lands amortised without Licence, nor Fines for Trespass of purchasing of Lands holden of him as of his Crown, and aliened without Licence, nor of Fines offered in certain and not refused before any of his Justices, for Purprestures made upon him as well in Lands as in Waters, Franchises accroached, Treasure found, Debts and Accounts due to him after the Pardon made to his said Commons by Sta.tutes late made, nor other Articles whatsoever they be, which should fall in Disherison of him or of his Crown perpetually : But of Trespass, Misprision, Negligences, or Ignorances, or any other Things done, fallen or happened before this present Parliament, and of all Articles of the Eire, whereof the Punishment shall lie in Fine or in Ransom, or other pecuniary Pains, Imprisonments, Amerciaments of the Commons or of Towns, or of any singular Persons, as well the KingÕs Ministers as other at the KingÕs Suit, Escapes of Felons, Chattels of Felons and Fugitives fallen sith the last [Parliament1] made to his Commons of them and not levied nor judged, or in Charge of the Freehold of them that never trespassed, as Heirs or Lands-Tenants of Coroners, Sheriffs, Es- cheators, as well the KingÕs Ministers as other, and all other People; Saving to the King the Debts and Accounts due to him now at this present [of these Things before named3] : That it may please his excellent Highness, having regard to the great Charges, Travels, and Mis.chief which his poor Commons have (*) in his Time, and [to which Charge he hath now required them s] of those Things before named,to [do6] pardon generally tohis said Commons till this present Parliament; so that (Õ) all the

* King of England, Lord of Ireland and of Aquitain, to all to whom theje Letters fhall come,

1 Pardoun MS. Tr. 2. 1 MS. Tr. omits.

* suffered MS. Tr. 2.

5 to the charge ¥which he hath now demanded of them

6 grant > of

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond m. 7. TOWARD p la g*ce de Dieu Roi Dengl&e SeW Dttiande & Daquitaigne, as touz ceux qi ces[ã ires verront, Salutz. Sachiez nous avoir resceu la peticion baillez a nous p la coe de nre realme en cest p'sent plement en la forme q sensuyt:

A lour tresdoute SeignÕ le Roi prie sa dite coe 5 come ils lui avoient prie estre deschargez de touz maS* des articles de Eire forpris plees dePre de quo warranto tresons, robies 8c autrs felonies quelconqes p' quem home porta penance de vie 8c de membre; qUele p* ticion semble a son conseil estre pjuditiele a lui, & en desheritison de sa Corone si ele fuisse si geSa'lement gÕntee: sa dite Coe nient voillantz ne desirrantz a demander choses de lui q cherront en descresse de lui ou de sa Corone ppetuelment, come des eschetes de t re ou de tenement p quelconq, cause, gardes, man. ages, fees 8c advoesons, Õsj an ties, rentes, Prices, Seignles, tVes amortiez sanz licence, ne fins pr Pspas de p'chace des ires tenuz de lui come de la Corone, 8c alienez sanz congie, ne des fins offertz en ?tein 8c nient refusez devant quelconqes les Justices, (') pÕprestures faitz sur lui auxibien en Pres come en eawes, fraunchises acrochiez, tresor trove, dettes (Õ) acomptes, a lui dues puis la pdon faite a sa dite coe p estatutz nadgairs faitz, ne autrs [articles 3] quels qils soient q chiesent en de.sheritison de lui ou de sa Corone ppetuelment: Mes des trespasses, mesprisions, necgligences, ou ignorances, ou autres choses quelconqes, q sont faitz, eschuz, ou advenuz avant cest psent plement, et des touz articles de Eir dont le punissement cherreit en fin ou en raunceon, ou autres peines pecunieres, emprisonementz, anJciementz des coes ou des villes, ou des singulere* psones quelconqes, sibien ministres le Roi come autres a la sute le Roi, eschaps des felons, chateux des felons 8c futifs eschuiz puis la darreine pdon faite a sa coe dyceux 8c nient levez ne ajuggez ou en charge de franc tenement de ceux qi unqes ne trespasserent, come heirs ou Pre tenantz des CoroSs, Viscontes, Eschetours, sibien Ministres le Roi come autres, & autres g quelconqes ; Sauvant au Roi les dettes 8c acomp^ lui duet, ore en pWu: 4 lui pleise de a uÈ Ç.*È

meschiefs, q sa poevre coe ad sutle de ces

Ç. È u charge quele U ** choses avantnomez, faire pdon a | chose*

tanq a cest pÕsent plement; tssrnt q des toutes

, _ . ¥ 8c Printed Copies

1 pur Printed Copses ¥ Interlined on the Roll.

36¡ Edw. III. Stat. 2.

377

8c articles avant rvomez pr nulle trrarte des choses faites en temps passe riens ne soit enquis, ne nul home del poeple Ministre le Roi ou autre de quele condicion qil soit de ceux soit mis a respondre, empeschez, rno- lestez ne grevez, p nul maSe de colour, imaginacion ou intpretacion ; mes toutes manies des trespasses mes- prisions necgligences ou ignorances, & autres choses quelconqes avant nomez, soient relessez de tout & pdonez : Sauvant tout temps la suyte des pties q se voudront pleindre : Et q gentz atteintz a la seute des pties eient emprisonement en cas ou il est done p la ley, nient contresteantz les pdons des fins & raunceons come dessus est dit: Et come la coe ont autrefoitz requis & unquore ils prient q la g'nde Chartre, la Chartre de la Foreste & touz autres estatutz einz ces heures faitz, soient fermement gardez & tenuz en touz pointz des choses q sont a eschere, ou q aven- dront ap>s ces heures, auxibien p' pfit le Roi come p' quiete de son poeple : Et q touz les articles del Eir soient mandez as Justices de la pees en chescun Countee, de les publier & notifier a la coe, al entent qils puissent avoir conissance des ditz articles, issint qils se puissent mieltz porter & go9ner, & eschure les pils & punissementz des ditz articles ; Et adonqes a quele heure qil plerra a lour tresdoute Seign', qil face ses sessions & enquerrez, selonc ce q semblera a lui & a son bon conseil q mieultz soit affaire, p' pfit de lui & de son poeple : Et nest pas lentencion de sa dite coe p ycelle pdon, q le Roi ne face enquerre des grevances & opp'ssions faitz au poeple, p ses Purveours ou purveours des autres avant ces heures, dont g*nt clamour ad este fait en cest p*sent plement: Et q

pleise a sa tresgracious Seign'ie dyceux pdons faire chartres, contenantz les dites pdons, as touz les Countees DengleVre, & as touz sev*ales psones q les voudront demander ou p'sure, sans fin faire ou fee paier pr le seal ; et q la forme des tieux chartres soit faite avant le deptir des Seign's de plement, & la dite forme a nre Seign' le Roi & a son conseil & a les autres Seign's monstrez : Nous considerantz les g'ntz charges q nre dite coe ad suffert, & les g'ntz bienfakz qils nous ont fait plusures foitz, de nre g*ce especiale & del assent des Prelatz, Dues, Contes, Barons & coes esteantz en le dit plement, eions g'ntez a nre dite coe de tout temps passe pleine pdon, selonc la forme de lour peticion susdite. Sauvez toutesfoitz a nous & a noz heirs nre droit en temps avenir, en mante come lavions devant le dit g'nt & pdon. Et volons & g'ntons q p nous noz heirs, noz Justices ne autres noz Mi- nistres quelconqes, nul home soit empeschez, mis a respondre, ne pees fait de nul point contenu en nre dite pdon. En tesmoignance de quele chose a cestes noz Ires patentes avons fait mettre nre seal. Don a Westš le xiij. jour dÕO&obre lan de nre regne trente sisme.

Vic Essex & Hertford sattm. Quedam Statura & Ordinacoes, p nos de coi assensu Prelatop Magnatu & Coitatis regni nn, in p'senti pliamento nro apud Westm, p coi utilitate tocius regni pdei edita & pvisa, tibi mittim9 in duabj patentibj magno sigillo nro signatis : Mandantes qd statim visis patentibj p>dcis eas & omia & singula contenta in eisdem, tain in pleno Com utriusq^ Com p>dcop q'm in civitatibj, burgis, villis i9catoriis, feriis, iScatis, & aliis locis in eisdem Com ubi expedire videris, tarn infra libtates q'm ext" publice legi & pclamari, & inviolabilit observari & teneri fac.

Things and Articles afore-named for any manner of Thing done in Time past nothing be [required,1] nor none of the People, KingÕs Minister nor other, of what Condition that he be, be (*) put to answer, impeached, molested, nor grieved by any manner Colour, Imagination, or [Interruption,1] but all manner of Trespass, Misprisions, Negligences, or Ignorances, and all other Things before- named be [repealed and wholly4] pardoned: Saving always the Suit of the Parties, which will them complain : And that People attainted at the Suit of the Parties have Imprisonment, in case where it is given by the Law, notwithstanding the Pardons of Fines and Ransoms as afore is said : And Whereas the Commons have another Time required, and vet they pray, That the Great Charter and the Charter of the Forest, and all other Statutes before this Time made, be firmly kept and holden in all Points of all Things which be to fall, or which fhall happen hereafter, as well for the KingÕs Profit, as for the Quietness of his People : And that all the Articles of the Eire be sent to the Justices of Peace in every County, to publish and notify them to the Commons, to the Intent that they may have Knowledge of the said Articles, so that they may the better govern and bear them, and eschew the Perils and Punishment of the said Articles; [thats] then at what Time it fhall please their said redoubted Lord, that [they shall make6 ] his Sessions and Enquiries, according as shall seem [of7] him and his Council that best is to be done for the Profit of him and of his People: And the Intent of his said Commons is not by the same Pardon that the King shall not [do to be enquiredÕ] of the Grievances and Oppressions done to the People by his Purveyors, or the Purveyors of other before this Time, whereof great Clamour hath been made in this present Parliament: And that it may please his gracious Highness to make Charters of the same Pardons, containing the said Pardons, to all the Counties of England, and to all several Persons that will demand [the same, to pursue9] without Fine (,0) or Fee paying for the Seal ; and that the Form of the same Chaiters be made before the departing of the Lords from the Parliament; and that the said Form be shewed to our Sovereign Lord the King and to his Council, and td the other Lords : Wej considering the great Charges which our said Commons have sustained, and the great good that they have done to Us oftentimes, of our special Grace and by the Assent of the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, and Barons, and the Commons being in the said Parlia.ment, have granted to our said Commons for aH Time* past a full Pardon according to the Form of their Said Petition. Saving always to Us and to our Heirs our Right in Time to come in the Manner as We [have before thii Time granted and pardoned."] And We will and grant, That by Us and our Heirs, our Justices, nor bone other of our Ministers, no Man be impeached nor put to answer, nor Process made of any Point contained in our said Pardon. In Witness whereof to this our Letters Patents we have set our Seal, given at Westminster the xiii. Day of Odtober the xxxvi. Year of our Reign.

The King to the Sheriff of Effex and Hertford, Greeting. Certain Statutes and Ordinances by Us, with the common Assent of the Prelates, Nobles, and Commonalty ©f Our kealnt in our present Parliament at Westminster, for the common Weal of the whole Realm aforesaid, made and provided, We do send to you in two Patents sealed with our Great Seal; Commanding, that on sight of the aforesaid Patents, the same, and all and singular the Things therein contained, as well in the full County Court of each of the Counties aforesaid, as in the Cities, Boroughs, Market Towns, Fairs, Markets, and other Places in the same Counties, where you shall see meet, as well within Liberties as without, you do cause to be publicly read and proclaimed, and inviolably to be observed and holden.

For the enforcing the Great Charter, 8:c.

Publishing the Articles of the Eyre.

The KingÕs

Pardon

accordingly.

For the proclaiming the Statute.

1 inquired MS. Tr. 2 1 Interpretation MS. Tr. 2. 5 And MS. Tr. 2. i to

1 of them MS. Tr. 2.

4 Ôwholly releafed, and 6 he make MS. Tr. 2.

* make inquiraunce MS.Tr.z. .¡ making, MS. Tr. 2.

9 or purfue the fame " had, before the saide Pardoun and Graunt. MS. Tr. 2.

D


i.

Charters and

Statutes

confirmed.

II.

A Writ of Idemptitatc Nominis in Outlawry.

The Party shall be admitted to find Surety thereupon.

m.

The Price of Poultry.

AD

And of that which you shall thereupon do, and of the Day of the Receipt of these Presents, and by whom this present Com.mand shall have been delivered to you, to Us in our Chancery ^ before the 0<2ave of the Purification of the Blessed Mary next following, or within pie same O&ave at farthest, you shall under your Seal distinfUy and openly certify; sending us back this Writ. Witness the King at Westminster, the Twentieth Day of November.

By the King himself, and the Council.

In the same manner it was commanded to the several Sheriffs throughout England: to the Bishop of Durham: to Edward Prince of Wales and Earl of Chester: to Robert de Herle, Constable of the Tower of Dover, and Warden of the Cinque Ports: and to the Justice of Ireland.

Et de eo qd inde fegis, & de die receocois - & p Suem P>Çns mandatQ tibi

T. P apud Westm xx die Nov.

9 *pm Regem & consiliQ. Eodem mode mandatu est singtis viceeomitib, p Angt: Epo Dunolm: Edwardo Principi WaH hr *

C^:RãS,ãdeHefkCãã,ab.M^DtCª

Custodi quinq, portuu: & Justic Hibfi.

Anno 37¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D.I363.

StatutÕ De iUtctu $ Urstitu; AnÕ mini.

A STATUTE concerning DIET and APPAREL ¥

Of THE THIRTY SEVENTH YEAR.

Rotuli

KING Edward, at his Parliament holden at Westminster the Friday in the Utas of Saint Michael, the seven-and-thirtieth Year of his Reign, at the Request of the Commons, and by the Assent of the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, and other Great Men, there assembled, hath ordained the Things under-written in the Form as followeth :

FIRST, That the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Forest, and the Statutes and Ordinances made in Times past, and specially the Statutes made at the last Parliament, be holden and kept, and duly executed according to the Form and Effect of them.

ITEM, For the great Mischiefs which often have happened, and daily do come, because that Escheators, Sheriffs,, and other the KingÕs Ministers, do seize the Lands, Goods, and Chattels of many, surmising that they be outlawed, where they be not outlawed, because that they bear such Names as those which be outlawed, for Default of good Declaration of the [Surname ;1 ] It is ordained, That if any complain him in such Case, he shall have a Writ of Idemptitate nominis, in the Man.ner as hath been used in Times past ; and if any ManÕs Lands, Goods, or Chattels be seized in such Case by Escheator, Sheriff, or other Minister [of the KingÕs,] he shall find Surety before the Minister which hath the Warrant to seize, to answer to the King of the Value of such Lands, Goods, and Chattels, in case that he cannot discharge him, without taking any Thing of the Party ; and it such Minister do not the same, and thereof be attainted, the Party shall have the Suit against such Minister, and recover his Double Da.mages, and nevertheless he shall be grievously punished to the King.

ITEM, For the great Dearth that is, in many Places of the Realm, of Poultry ; It is ordained, That the Price of a young Capon shall not pass iijd. and of an old iiijd. of an Hen ijd. of a Pullet id. of a Goose iiijd. and in Places where the Prices of such Viduals be less, they shall hold without being enhanced by this Ordinance;

' Surnames MS. 1 r. 2.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 6.*

E Roi Edward, a son plement tenuz a Westm ^ Venderdy en les octaves Seint Michel lan de son regne trent septisme, a la request des coes & del assent de Prelatz Dues Countes Barons, & autres gÔntz illeoqs assemblez, ad ordeigne les choses south- esenptes, en la forme qe sensuit. Prinkment qe la g*nde Chartre la Chre de la Forest, & les estatuz & ordinances einz ces hures faites, & meement les esta- tutz faitz au darrein plement, soient tenuz & garde* & duement executz, solonc la forme & effeft dicelles.

Item, pr les gÕndes meschiefs q sovent sont avenuz, & venent de jour en autre, de. ceo qe les Eschetours, Visconlz, & auPs Ministres le Roi, seisent les tVes biens & chateux des plusours gentz, sÕmettantz qils sont utlagez la ou ils ne sont utlagez p cause qils portent tielx nouns come ces qi sont utlagez, pÕ de- faute de bone declaracion des sÕnouns; est ordeigne q si nul se pleyne en tieu cas eit brief de Idemp.titate noiis, en maSe come ad este usee avant ces hures ; et si Pres, biens, ou chateux de nulluy soient seisiz en tieu cas p Eschetours, Viscont, ou autre Ministre, troeve seurte devant le Miistre qi ad g'nte de seiser, de respondre au Roi de la valu des tieux Pres, biens, ou chateux, en cas qil ne se poet des- charger, saunz rien phidre de la ptie; et si tiel Mini.stre [ne'] le face, & de ceo soit atteint, eit la ptie sa seute dev*s tiel ministre, & recovre ses damages au double, & nient meins soit grevousement puniz devÕs le oi.

Item pr la g*nde chierte qest en plusours lieux du Roialme de polaitt, est ordeigne, q le pns dun jouene chapon ne passe trois denters, & dun a cien qatre deniers dune gelyne deux deme . du poucyn un denier, dun awe qatre dente^ es heux ou le pns des tieux ordinJIlce;

qil se teigne sanz estre enchierez p

Õ Interlined on the Roll.

Rolls, and indorsed. The Various on

* This .Statute is also entered on a Roll, preserved in the Tower of London among ^ xxxv;:mo xxxvi]Ó".

Ò Ordinaciones facie in Parliament) tento apud Westm &c. Anno r. r. E. tere'i xxxvij par]iantent Roll of tbÔs ea ' Readings from this Roll are marked Rot. Ord. The Various Readings from the Petitions in which this Statute was founded, are marked Rot. Pari.

et q es viltes & marchees de Upland soient venduz a meindre pris, solonc ce q poet estre acorde entre les- ehatour & le vendour ; et q Justices sr ce soient assignez p comissions de mettre la chose duement en execucion.

Item p'ce q plusours gentz, acquitez p juggement en Lescheqer en une place, sont gÒndement grevez & endamagez, en autres offices & places du dit escheqr, de mesmes les choses dont ils sont issint acquitez, a g*nt meschief du poeple ; est ordeigne qun Clerc de la remembrancie soit title de seer amount le clerc de la Pipe, de veer les descharges faites en la Pype & les enbrever en la remembrancie, pr faire cesser tote mane de pcesse s'ceo fait; et auxi q la somons de la Pipe soit retrait, solonc ce q pties p pcesse sont des- chargez ; et en cas q defaute voluntrivement soit trove, le Tresorer p comandement le Roi le ferra duement punier.

Item pr les grefs meschiefs q sont avenuz, sibien au Roi come as g*ntz & coes, de ceo q les Marchauntz nomez grossers engrossent totes mank des marchan- dises vendables, & le pris de tiele marchandie levent sodeinement deinz le roialme, mettantz a vent p covyne & ordinance entre eux faitz, appelle FratWe & gilde de Marchaunt, les marchandises q sont plus cheres, & les autres en repose tanq, au temps q chierte ou defaute soit dicelles ; est ordeigne q nul Marchaunt Engleys ne use merce ne marchandie p lui ne p autre p nule maSe de coveigne, mais use soulement, une quele il voudra eslire, entre cy & la feste de la Chaun- delure p*schein avenir. Et ceux qont entremeyns autres mces & marchandises q celles qils ont esluz les puissent mettre a vente devant la feste de la Nati- vite Seint Johan p'schein ensuant; et si nul face au contÕire de ceste ordinance en nul point, & de ceo soit atteint en maSe q sensuera, forface devk le Roi la marchandise qil avera issint usee contre ceste ordi.nance ; & outre face fyn au Roi solonc la quantite du trespas: et coment ceste ordinance sra mys en execu.cion, est ordeigne q bones gentz & loialx, de chescun marchandie, soient esleux & jurees de s'veer q ceste ordinance soit tenuz & executz; Cest assavoir deux Marchantz de chescune marchandie, en chescune Citee & Burgh, & deux Marchantz en chescun Countee, & les defautes redrescer, & ces qils ne poont redrescer ctafier au Chaunceller & Conseil le Roi ; & soient co.missions faites as cteins gentz, queux & qant il plerra au Roi assigner, denquere en Citees Burghs & Coun- tees, ou il busoignera, sibien de tspasours en celle ptie, come des s'veours encas qils soient necgligenz ou de covyn des tspasours, p le €ement des sys jur- rez ; & outre s' ce pcesse faire, p oier & trniner de jour en jour de punir les tspasours & s'veours; cest assavoir les tspasours solonc ceo qest ordeigne pamont, & les s'veours solonc la discrecion des Justices, & ceo p la juree de dusze, encas qils se voillont mettre en pays de lo' acusement; et quicuq, q vorra suire pr le Roi en tiel cas soit a ceo recieu &i eit le quart denier de la forfait'e, de celui q issint sra atteint a sa seute.

Ensement est ordeigne q artificers gentz de meis- tere se teignent chescun a un meister quel il vodra eslire entre cy & la dite feste de la Chaundelure; & soient eslieux deux de chescun meistere, de s'veer q nul usee aitre meistere q cele quele il ad eslieu, & Jus.tices assignez denquere p pcesse de oier & trniner en cest article, come est ordeigne en larticle devant; forspris q les ?spasours en ceste article soient puniez

VOL. I.

and that in the Towns and Markets of Uplands, they (hall be sold at a less Ptice, according as may be agreed betwixt the Seller and the Buyer : And Justices shall be thereupon assigned by Commission to put the Thing duely in Execution.

ITEM, Because that many People acquitted by Judge.ment in the Exchequer in one Place, be (') grieved and endamaged in other Offices and Places of the said Exchequer, of the same Things whereof they be so acquit, to the great Mischief of the People; It is or.dained, That one Clerk of the Remembrance be titled to sit [against Ô] the Clerk of the Pipe, to see the Dis.charges made in the Pipe, and to imbreviate the same in the Remembrance, to cause to cease all Manner of Process thereupon made; and also that the Sum.mons of the Pipe be withdrawn according as the Parties by Process be discharged; and in whomsoever any Default be willingly found, the Treasurer by the KingÕs Commandment (hall duly punilh the same.

ITEM, For the great Mischiefs which have happened, as well to the King, as to the Great Men and Commons, of that that the Merchants, called Grocers, do ingross all Manner of Merchandise vendible; and suddenly do enhance the Price of such Merchandise within the Realm, putting to Sale by Covin and Ordinance made betwixt them, called the Fraternity and Gild of Merchants, the Merchandises which be most dear, and keep in Store the other, till the Time that Dearth or Scarcity be of the same: [hath3] ordained, That no English Merchant shall use no Ware nor Merchandise, by him nor by other, nor by no Manner of Covin, but only one, which he shall choose betwixt this and the Feast of Candlemas next coming. And such as have other Wares or Merchandises in their Hands, than those that they have chosen, may set them to Sale before the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John next ensuing ; and if any do to the contrary of this Ordinance in any Point and be thereof attainted, in the Manner as hereafter followerh, he shall forfeit against the King the Mer.chandise, which he hath so used against this Ordinance ; and moreover, shall make a Fine to the King, according to the Quantity of the Trespass : And how this Ordi.nance shall be put in Execution, It is ordained. That good People and lawful of every Merchandise shall be chosen and sworn, to survey that this Ordinance be holden and executed ; that is to say, Two Merchants [in *] every Merchandise in every Town and Burgh, and Two Merchants of every County, and redress the Defaults, and of that that they may not redress, they shall certify the Chancellor, and the KingÕs Council; and Commissions shall be made to certain People, to whom and when it shall please the King to assign, to enquire in Cities, Burghs, and Counties, where need shall be, as well of Trespassers in this Behalf, as of Surveyors, in case that they be negligent, or of Covin with the Trespassers, by the Oath of six Men sworn ; and moreover, (5) to make Process [for to hear and determine6] daily, [and to punish3] the Trespassers and Surveyors; that is to say, the Trespassers according as is above ordained, and the Surveyors according to the Discretion of the Justices, and that by the Jury of xii. in case they will put themselves upon the Country of their Accusement; and whosoever will sue for the King in such Case, shall be thereto received, and shall have the Fourth Ptny of the Forfeiture of him that so shall be attainted at his Suit.

H EM, It is ordained, That Artificers, Handicraft People, hold them every one to one Mystery, which he will choose betwixt this and the said Feast of Candlemas; and Two of every Craft shall be chosen to survey, that none use other Craft than the same which he hath chosen, and [that Justices be'] assigned to enquire by Process, [to hear and determine"] in this Article, as is ordained in the Article before said ; saving that the Trespassers in this Article shall be punished

1 greatly * above 1 It is MS. Tr. 2.

* of 3 thereupon * by Oyer and Terminer

7 for the punishment of ' Justices shall be

9 ¡f Oyer and Terminer

5 D

IV.

In the Exchequer, a Clerk of the Rermm- brance shall enroll the Discharges made in the P.pe.

V.

Merchant! shall deal in one sort only of Merchandize.

On Penalty of forfeiting of Merchandize and Fine.

Surveyor! for executing this Ordinance.

Commis.sioners of

F.nquiry.

VI.

Handicrafts.men shall use only one Trade.

Exception at to certain Workwomen.

VII.

Goldsmiths shall make their Work of Sterling;

and have a Mark and set it to their Work.

No Gold.smith shall make White Vessel, and also gild.

VIII.

The Diet and Apparel of Servants.

IX.

The Apparel of Handi.craftsmen and Yeomen.

X.

Apparel of Esquires and Gentlemen.

by Imprisonment of Half a Year, and moreover [to make Fine and Ransom,'] according to the Quantity of the Trespass, and the Surveyors by the Discretion of the Justices as before. But the Intent of the King and of his Council is, that Women, that is to say, Brewers, Bakers, [Carders, and Spinners, and Workers as well of Wool, as of Linen Cloth, and of Silk, Brawdesters, and Breakers of Wool,1] and all other that do use and work all Handy Works, may freely use and work as they have done before this Time, without any Impeach.ment, or being restrained by this Ordinance.

ITEM, It is ordained, That Goldsmiths, as well in London as elsewhere within the Realm, shall make all Manner of Vessel and other Work of Silver well and lawfully of the Allay of good Sterling : And every Master Goldsmith shall have a Mark by himself, and the same Mark shall be known by them which shall be assigned by the King to survey their Work and Allay : And that the said Goldsmiths set not their Mark upon their Works till the said Surveyors have made their Assay, as shall be ordained by the King and his Council; and after the Assay made, the Surveyors shall set the KingÕs Mark, and after the Goldsmith his Mark, for which he will answer: And that no Goldsmith take for Vessel White and [full3] for the Weight of a (*) Pound that is to say, of the Price of Two Marks of Paris Weight, but Eighteen Pence, as they do at Paris ; and that no Goldsmith making White Vessel shall meddle with gilding, nor they that do gild shall meddle to make White Vessel: And they which shall be so assigned in every Town, shall make their Searches as oftentimes as shall be ordained ; and [for that which shall be in the GoldsmithÕs Default, theys] shall incur the Pain of Forfeiture to the King the Value of the Metal which shall be found in Default.

ITEM, For the Outragious and Excessive Apparel of divers People, against their Estate and Degree, to the great Destruction and Impoverishment of all the Land ; It is ordained, That Grooms, as well Servants of Lords, as they of Mysteries, and Artificers, shall be served [to eat6] and drink once a Day of Flesh or of Fish, and the Remnant [of7] other Victuals, as of Milk, Butter, and Cheese, and other such Victuals, according to their Estate: And that they have Clothes for their Vesture, or Hosing, whereof the whole Cloth shall not fexceed Two Marks, and that they wear no Cloth of higher Price, of their buying, nor otherwise, nor nothing of Gold norofSilver(8) embroidered, aimeled, nor of Silk, nor nothing pertaining to the said Things; and their Wives, Daughters, and Children (9) of the same Con.dition in their Clothing and Apparel, and they shall wear no [ Veils IO ] passing xii. d. a Veil.

ITEM, That People of Handicraft, and (") Yeomen, shall ('*) take nor wear Cloth of an higher Price for their Vesture or Hosing, than within Forty Shillings the whole Cloth, by way of buying, nor otherwise; nor Stone, nor Cloth of Silk nor of Silver, nor Girdle, [Knife, Button,'5] Ring, Garter, nor Owche, Ribband, Chains, (u) nor no such other Things of Gold nor of Silver, nor no Manner of Apparel embroidered, aimeled, nor of Silk by no Way ; and that their Wives, Daugh.ters, and Children, be of the same Condition in their Vesture and Apparel; and that they wear no [Veil] of Silk, but only of [Yarn'5] made within the Realm, nor no Manner of Furr, nor of Budge, but only Lamb, Cony, Cat, and Fox.

ITEM, That Esquires and all Manner of Gentlemen, under the Estate of a Knight, which have no Land nor Rent to the Value of an Hundred Pounds by Year, shall not take nor wear Cloth for their Clothing or Hosing of an higher Price, than within the Price of Four Marks and a Half the whole Cloth, by way of

1 make fyne unto the King, MS. Tr. 2.

Õ Websters, Filersters and Spynsters as wel of lynnen as of wullen Webbe, and of them Carders and Kembers of Wul, MS. Tr. 2. 3 playn MS. Tr. 2. 4 GoldsmithÕs

3 that such of the Goldsmiths as shall he found in default

f with meat 7 with 8 nor

9 shall be ,o Veile ne Kerchief MS. Tr. 2.

" Officers called MS. Tr. 2.

Ò not knyf hamissed, MS. Tr. 2.

14 Seales, bcndes, MS. Tr. 2. 15 threde MS. Tr. 2.

P empnsonement de demy an, & outre face ,

Rot, solonc la qÕntite du ?spas, & les s'veounV^ crecton des Justices come devant. Mes lentª ¥

ces Pesteresces Tixteresces foresees & overesoT^ bien de layne come de leinge teille & de sove ters, pyneresces de leyne, & totes autres ~ ^ oeveront oeveraynes manuels, puissont user \

franchement come ils ont fait avant ces hures sanz

empeschement, ou estre restreint p ceste ordeignj I em est ordeigne q Orfeures, sibien en lS ' come atllours detnz le Roialme, facent tote Jkl

Zd haUtre if"'8116 dargCnt bien & loi^cm 1

lalay de bon esfyng : et eit chescun meistre orfetn un niche a p lut, & so.t le fiche conu p Cesq£ assignez de p le Roi de sÕveer loÕ o&ignes & lauT- et q les dttz orfeuers ne mettont lo' ?!

ovaignes, tanq, les ditz s'veours eiont fait 10' ,S5av come sra ordeigne p le Roy & son conseil; et 2 Cute mettom la ,Vaoã,s le &he le Rã|, * feure son niche p' quel il ,eot re^oundre-

Ç q nul poys mars

¥ ----Ô^puunure: et

orfeure ne phgne p' vessel blanc & playn p' le

du livre dorfever, cest assa9 du pris de deux mars du poys de Parys, q dys & oet deniers, come letn fait a Parys ; & q nul orfeuer, fesant vessel blanc ne se medle de sÕorrer, ne ces q s'orront ne se tnedlem de fame vessel blanc: et ces q W issint assignez en chescun v.lle facent lo' serche, atant defoith come *a ordeigne; & q ces q Sront en defaute des or. feuers encorgent peine de forfaire au Roi la valu du metal ij sra trove en defaute.

Item pr loutrageouse & excessive appaitt des plu- sours gentz, contre lo' estat & degree, a tyrant destruccion & empovissement de tote la rre, est or- deigne, q garsons, sibien €vantz as Seign's come de meistere & des artificers, soient Õsiviz de manger & de boiure, unfoith le jour, de char ou de pessofi, Sc ie remenant daltres vitailles, come de leftee, furmage, bure & autres tiels vitailles, acordantz a loÕ estat: et qils eient draps p' lo' vesture ou chausure, dont le drap entier ne passe deux mars, et qils ne usent drap de pluis haut pris, de lo' acate nautrement, ne nul chose dor, dargent, nenbroydez aymelez ne de soye, ne rien appendant des dites choses ; & soient lo' femes filles & enfantz, de mesme la condicion en lo' vesture & appaille, & ne usent nulles veilles, passant la veille dusze deniers.

Item q gentz de meistere dartifice, & de office ap- pelle Yomen, ne ne pignent ne usent drap de plus haut pris, pr lo' vesture ou [chaceure,1] q deinz qarant soldz le drap entier, p voie dacate nautrement; ne [perry,2] drap de soy ne dargent, ne ceynture, cote!, fermaille, anel, garter, nouches, rubaignes, chernes, bendes, sealx, nautres choses dor ne dargent, ne nuk ma8e dappaitt embraudez, eymelez ne de seie p nuk voie; & q lo' femes filles & enfantz soient de mesnw la condicion en lo' vesture & appaitt; & q eles n< usent nul veille de sey, mes soulement de fik c. deinz lc Roialme, ne nul marie de pelure, ne e [ g . mes soulement de aignell, [Convng/] chat & g^F

Item, q esquiers & toutes maSes des gentry ^ desouth lestat de Chivaler, q nont tre o ^ ^ value de Cent livres p an, ne ^ . dein!

pr lo' vesture ou chausure de p us YOj,

l pris de qatre mars & demy le drap enuer p

1 chauceure Rot. Ord .. Rot- Ra>'j-

¥ nerree Rot. Ord: pertc Rot- P<*1Ô

3 bugee Rot. Ord: Rot-

4 conyl Rot. Ord: coml Rot. Pari.

dacate nautrement; ne (pis ne usent dra£ dor de scye ne dargent, ne nule mafie de vesture enbroidez, anel, fermaile, nouche dor, rubayn seynture, ne null autre appaitt ne hemeys dor ne dargent, ne riens de perre, ne nule maSe de pellure; & q lour femes filles & enfantz soient de mesme la condicion qant a lo' vesture & appaitt, sanz ascuns revers ou p'fil; & q eles ne usent esdaires cremilcs, ne trofles, ne nule maSe dappaitt dor ne dargent, ne de perre. Mais q esquiers eiantz ?re ou rente a la value de deux Cent livres p an & outre puissont pndre & user drap de pris de cynk marz le drap entier, & drap de seye & dargent, rubayn ceynture & autre appaille resonablement garniz dargent; & q lo' femes files & enfantz puissent user pelure revers de menever saunz eremyns ou letuses, ou ascune ma8e dappaill de perre, sinou pr lo' testes.

Item, q Marchantz Citeseyns & burgeys, artificers, gentz de meistere, sibien deinz la Citee de Loundres come aillours, qont clerement biens & chateux a la valu de Cynk Centz livres, & lo' femes & enfantz puissent pndre & user en maSe come les esquiers & gentils gentz qont tre ou rente a la valu de Cent livres p an; & q les Marchantz, citeseyns & burgeys qont clerement biens & chateux outre la value de MiH livres, & lo' femmes & enfantz puissent p*ndre & user en maSe come les esquiers & gentils gentz q ont Pre ou rent a la valu de deux Centz livres p an : et q nul garson, yoman ne €vant des Marchaunz, [de marchandie'] artificer ou gentz de meistere, ne use altreraent en appaitt q nest ordeigne des garsons & Yomen des f's pamont.

Item q Chivalers, qont Pre ou rente deinz la value de deux Cent mars p an, pignent & usent drap de sys mars le drap entier p' lo' vesture & nou pas de plus haut pris; & qils ne usent drap dor ne cloche man tell ne goune furrurez de menevere purrez, maun- ches dermyn, ne nul appaitt broudez de perre nau.trement; et q lo' femes filles & enfantz soient de mesme la condicion; & qels ne usent revÕs dermynes ne de letuses esclaires ne null mane dappaitt de perre, sinou p' lo' testes. Mes q touz Chivalers & Dames, qont Pre ou rent outre la value de qatre Centz mars p an tanq, a la some de mill livres p an, usent a .5. lour volunte forspris ermynes letuses & appaitt [de perlesÕ3 de perre, si noun p' lo' testes.

Item q les Clers qont degree en esglise Cathedrale, Colegiale, ou en escoles, & Clers le Roi qont tiel estat q demande pellure, facent & usent solonc la constitu- cion de yceles; & touz autres clers qont outre deux Centz marchez de rent p an usent & facent come les Chivalers de mesme la rente; & les autres Clercz deinz meisme la rente, usent come les esquiers de Cent livres de rente: et q touz ceux sibien Chivalers come Clercz qi p cest ordinance puissent user pellure en yver, p mesme la maSe usent en este linure.

Item q Charetters, Charuers, Chaceours des carues, bovers, vachers, berchers, Porchers, Deyes, & touz autres gardeinz des bestes, batours des bleez, & toutes man!es des gentz destate de garson, entendantz a hus- bandrie, & touz autres genz q nont qarant soldz des biens, ne des chateux a la value de qarant soldz, ne p^gnent ne usent nule maSe de drap, si noun blanket & russet, laune de xii d; & usent lo' ceyntures [&J] lenge teile, acordant a lo' estat; & qils vivent de manger & de boiure p maSe come a eux. affiert,

1 Printed Copies omit; [ deÕ is interlined on the Statute Roll;

and omitted in Rot. Ord. 8c Rot. Par!.

' Rot. Ord: Rot. Pari, omit. 1 de Printed Copies.

buying nor otherwise; and thaf they wear no Cloth of Gold, nor Silk, nor Silver, nor no Manner of Clothing imbroidered, Ring, [Buttons,1 *] nor owche of Gold, Rib.band, Girdle, nor none other Apparel, nor Harness, of Gold nor of Silver, nor nothing [of Stone,' ] nor no Manner of Furr; and that their Wives, Daughters, and Children be of the same Condiuon, as to their Vesture and Apparel, without any turning up or purfle ; and that they [wear J] no Manner of Apparel of Gold, or Silver, nor of Stone. But that Esquires, which have Land or Rent to the Value of ii. C. [Marks*] by Year and above, may take and wear Cloths of the Price of v. Marks the whole Cloth, and Cloth of Silk and of Silver, Ribband, Girdle, and other Apparel reasonably garnished of Silver; and that their Wives, Daughters, and Children, may wear Furr turned up of Miniver, without Ermins or Letuse, or any manner (Ô ) of Stone, but for their Heads.

ITEM, That Merchants, Citizens and Burgesses, Artificers, People of Handy-craft, as well within the City of London, as elsewhere, which have clearly Goods and Chattels, to the Value of v. C. Pounds, and their Wives and Children, may take and wear in the Manner as the Esquires and Gentlemen which have Land to rent to the Value of C. li. by Year ; and that the same Merchants, Citizens, and Burgesses, which have clearly Goods and Chattels, [to6] the Value of M. li. and their Wives and Children may take and wear in the Manner as Esquires and Gentlemen, which have Land and Rent to the Value of ii. C. li. by Year: And no Groom, Yeoman, or Servant of Merchant, Artificer or People of Handycraft shall wear otherwise in Apparel than is above ordained of (?) Yeomen of Lords.

ITEM, That Knights, which have Land or Rent within the Value of ii. C. [li.8] shall take and wear Cloth of vi. Marks the whole Cloth, for their Vesture, and of none higher Price: And that they wear not Cloth of Gold, nor [Cloths,9] Mantle, nor Gown furred with Miniver nor (,0) of Ermins, nor no Apparel broidered of Stone, nor otherwise ; and that their Wives, Daughters, and Children be of the same Condition ; and that they wear no turning up of Ermins, nor of Letuses, ( ") nor no Manner of Apparel of Stone, but only for their Heads. But that all Knights and Ladies, which have Land or Rent over the Value of iv. C. Mark by Year, to the Sum of M. li. (") shall wear at their Pleasure, except Ermins and Letuses, and Apparel of [Pearls and Stone, but onlyIJ] for their Heads.

ITEM, That Clerks, which have Degree in any Church, Cathedral, Collegial, or Schools, [or Clerk14] of the King, that [hath 11 ] such Estate that requireth Furr, shall do and use according to the Constitution of the same ; and all otherClerks, which have (,6) ii. C.Marks of [Land Ó] by Year, shall wear and do as Knights of the same Rent; and other Clerks within the same Rent, shall wear as the Esquires of C. li. of Rent: And that all those, as well Knights as Clerks, which by this Ordinance may wear Furr in the Winter, in the same Manner shall wear [linure Ò] in the Summer.

ITEM, That Carters, Ploughmen, Drivers of the Plough, Oxherds, Cowherds, Shepherds, [Deyars,19] and all other Keepers of Beasts, Threshers of Corn, and all Manner of People of the Estate [of a Groom, attending to Husbandry,,u] and all other People, that have not Forty Shillings of Goods, nor [of Chattels,Ó] shall not take nor wear no Manner of Cloth, but Blanket, and Russet [WoolÓ] of Twelve-pence; and shall wear [the11] Girdles of Linen according to their Estate; and that [they come to eat and drinkÓ] in the Manner as

I Broche MS. Tr. 2. * of perre or perlc MS. Tr. 2.

> ne usen esclairs, crenicles, ne callit, ne truffes, ne MS. Tr.%.

. li. MS. Tr. 2. i of Apparel 6 above

t boies and MS. Tr. 2. which reads boies whenever the Text before reads Grooms * m'rcs bi year MS. Tr. a.

¥> Cloak È Sleeves

Ó ne clieres, MS. Tr. a. ** by the year,

II pearls of Stone, unless 14 and Clerks 11 have

16 above MS. Tr. 2. ¥È Rent

.* Lawn [Lyneng MS. Tr. i."| Ô9 Swineherds, Dairymen,

M gracious entendance unto husbandric, MS. Tr. 2.

11 Chattels to the value of forty shillings the yard MS. Tr. 2.

*Õ their 14 in eating and drinking they live

XI.

Apparel of Merchants, Citizens, and Handicrafts.men.

XII.

Apparel of Knights.

XIII. Apparel of the Clergy.

XIV. Apparel of Ploughmen, &c.

Penalty on Offenders.

XV.

Clothiers shall make Cloths accordingly.

XVI.

The Statute 17 Edw.III. 11.1. ft 5, 7,

confirmed and amended.

XVII. Averment against Cognizance of Villenage.

XVIII.

Magna Carta 2,5 Edw. I. chapter 2 <).

On making Suggestions to the King, Surety shall be found by the Prosecutor.

XIX. Recital of the Statute 34 Edw. III.

chapter 2 a.

pertaineth to them, and not excessively. And it is or.dained, that if any wear or do contrary to any of the Points aforesaid, that he shall forfeit [against1] the King all the Apparel that he hath so worn against the Form of this Ordinance.

ITEM, To the Intent that this Ordinance, [for the taking *] and wearing of Cloths be maintained and kept in all Points without Blemish ; It is ordained, That all the Makers of Cloths within the Realm (Õ) as well Men as Women, shall [confirm'] them to make their Cloths according to the Price limited by this Ordinance ; and that all the Drapers shall buy and purvey their Sorts according to the same Price ; so that so great Plenty of such Cloths be made and set to sale in every City, Borough, and Merchant Town, and elsewhere within the Realm, that for Default of such Cloths the said Ordinance be in no Point broken ; and to that shall the said Clothmakers and Drapers be constrained by any Manner way that best shall seem to the King and his Council. And this Ordinance of New Apparel shall begin at Candlemas next coming.

ITEM, It is ordained, That the Statute made of Wines the said xxvii. Year be holden and kept in all Points, except the Punishment of Lands and Tenements and of Life and Member, which Punishment is repealed in this present Parliament, as well of Time past as of Time to come : Moreover it is ordained, That every Year it shall be [sent5] to the Mayor and Constable of Bourdeaux, to Rochelle, and to all other Towns and Ports in Gascoine and elsewhere, which be of the Liege- ance of our Sovereign Lord the King, out of which the Wines come into England, to be certified of the Price of the Wines and [in6] other Costs, and of the [Couchers English7] against the Form of the Statute; and by this Certification of the [Couchers8] against the Statute they shall be put to answer, if the Body be sent as is contained in the Statute ; and if he deny the Certification, it shall be tried by Merchants using those Parts and other People which best have thereof Know.ledge ; and if the Body be not sent, that Certification shall be sent into the KingÕs Bench, or before other Justices according as shall need ; and there Process be made by Capias and Exigend, or tried by Mise, as afore is said.

ITEM, It is ordained (Õ) That no Writ be abated by Exception of Acknowlegement of Villenage, if the Demandant or Plaintiff will aver that he which alledged the Exception was free the Day of the Writ purchased.

ITEM, Though that it be contained in the Great Charter, that no Man be taken nor imprisoned, nor put out of his Freehold, without Process of the Law ; Nevertheless divers People make false Suggestions to the King himself, as well for Malice as otherwise, whereof the King is often grieved, and divers of the Realm put in [Damage,10] against the Form of the same Charter ; wherefore it is ordained, That all they that make such Suggestions, be sent with the same Suggestions before the Chancellor, Treasurer, and his Grand Council, and that they there find Surety to pursue their Suggestions, and incur the same Pain that the other should have had if he were attainted, in case that this Suggestion be found evil; and that then Process of the Law be made against them, without being taken [and "] imprisoned against the Form of the said Charter and other Statutes.

ITEM, Whereas it was another Ti ne ordained, That every Person that findeth any Faulcon, Tercelet, Laner, or Laneret, (Ò) or any other Hawk that is lost of his Lord, that presently he shall bring him to the Sheriff of the County, and that the Sheriff make Proclamation in all the good Towns of the County, that he hath such Hawk in keeping; and if the Lord which hath lost him, or any of his People, come to challenge it, and

* to

1 of England,

Õ given in charge " Englith who lurl there

'< and established MS.

*¡ great danger and lou

1 as to the price MS. Tr. 2. 4 conforme MS. Tr. 2.

6 of the 8 Lurlen

Tr. 2.

II

or

11 Goihawh

& nonpas excessivement. Et est ordeigne q Ç nul uÈe ou face au conrfre de nules des pointz susdites, qil forface deVs le Roi tout lappaitt qil avera issint usee contre la forme de ceste ordinance.

Item au fyn q ceste ordinance, q*nt a la pris & usage de drap, soil meintenuz & gardez en touz pointz sanz emblemer, est ordeigne 5 touz les fesours des draps deinz le roialme dengletVe, sibien homes come femes, se confourment de faire lo' draps solonc le pris limite p ceste oidinance; & q touz les drapers acatent & pÕvoient lo' sortes acordantz a mesme le pris ; pensy q si g*nt plentee des deux draps soit bit & mys a vendre en chescune Citee Burgh & ville mar- chande, & aillours deinz le dit Roialme, q pr definite des tieux draps, la dite ordinance ne soit enfreynt en nul poynt; & a ceo soient les fesours des draps & drapers constreyntz p qconq voie q meuth semblera au Roi & a son Conseil. Et comencera ceste ordi.nance de novel appaitt a la Chaundelure p>schein avenir.

Item est ordeigne, q lestatut fait des vynes, Ian vynt septisme, soit tenuz & gardez en touz pointz, forspris le punissement des Pres & tenemenz & de vie & de membre, le quel punissement est repelle p cest pWnt plement, sibien de temps passe come de temps avenir: et outre est ordeigne, q chescun an soit mande as Meire & Conestable de Burdeux, a la Rochele, & as touz autres villes & portz en Gascoigne & aillo's, q sont de lalleggeance nre C le Roi, hors des queux les vynes venont en EnglePre, destre cPefie du pris des vyns, & autres costages, & des cochoures Engleys contre la forme du dit estatut. Et p cele Ptificacion des cochours contre lestatut, soient mys a respondre, si le corps soit mande come est contenuz en lestatut; et sil contredie la ?tificacion, soit trie p marchantz usantz celtes pties, & autres gentz q meuth ont de ceo conisance; et si le corps ne soit mande, soit la ftifi- cacion mande en banc le Roi, ou devant autres Justices, solonc ce qil bosoignera; & illeoqs pcesse faite p Capias k Exigend, ou trie p mise come desus est dit.

Item est ordeigne & establi, q nul brief soit abatu p excepcion de conisance de villenage, si le demandant ou pleintif voille avÕrer, q celui q alegge lexcepcion fut franc, le jour du brief p'chace.

Item coment qen la g*nde Chartre soit contenuz, q null home soit pris, ou emprisonez, ne oustez de son franc tenement, sanz pcesse de ley; mentmeyns plusours gentz font faux suggestions au Roi mesrnes, sibien p malice come en autre manle, dont le Roi est sovent trop grevez, & plusours du Roialme mys en gtit daunger & pert, contre la forme de mesme la chartre; p qoi est ordeigne q touz ceux q on

suggestions, soient devant le Chaunceller Tresorer & son gÕnt consen; & q illeoqs ils troevent seurte a p'suire lo' suggestions, & dencourer mesme la peyne q lautre aveit sil fut atteint, encas q sa suggestion soit trove malveys; et q adonqs pees de ley soit fait dePs eux, sanz estre pris ou emprisonez contre la fourme de la dite

chartre & autres estatuz.

Item come autrefoitz fuist ordeigne q quelconq psone q trove faucouri, terselct, Ianier ou lanieret, austour ou autre faucoun, q soit pdu de son Seign, q maintenant il Japporte au Viscount del Countee, et q le Visconte face pclamacion, en touz les bones vi es du Countee, qil ad un tiel faucoun en garde, et si Seign1 qi le pdi, ou aucun des soens viegne p U1

mandez ove les ditz suggestions,

:onseil;


37¡ Edw. III. c. 19.

383

J.D12C3-

S

ii'l

***

***

1Èi

?*!Ç

>È*

loti

'iat

*š6 In Margine jig Rotuli.

chalanger, & peve resonablement q ce est a son Seign', paie pr ses custages & eit le faucoun; et si nul viegne deinz les quatre mois pÕ lui chalanger, adonqs le vis- conte eit le faucoun, fesant gree a celui qi le prist sil soil simples home, et sil soit gentils home, destat daver faucoun, q 1c viscount rebaille a lui le (lit fau.coun, pnant de lui resonables coustages p' le temps qil lavoit en garde ; et si nul eit pris tiel faucoun, & le concele du f a qi il est, ou a ses fauconls, ou qi lemport du & de ce soit atteint, eit la prisone de deux ans, & rende au f' le pris du faucoun issint concelee ou emportee, sil eit de quoi, & si noun eit pluis longe demoeure en prisone: nientcountresteant ceste ordenance les meffesours nount pas dote de tres.passer en celle ptie; p quoi est ordeigne & p' estatut establi en ce p>sent plement, q si nul emble faucoun & lemporte nient fesant lordinance dessus dite, soit fait de lui come de laroun qi emble chival ou autre chose.

prove reasonably that it is his LordÕs, let him pay tor his Costs and have the Hawk ; and if none come within Four Months for to challenge him, then the Sheriff shall have the Hawk, making Gree to him that did take him, if he be a simple Man, and if he be a Gentleman, and of Estate to have the Hawk, the Sheriff shall rede.liver to him the Hawk, taking of him reasonable Costs for the Time that he had him in his keeping ; and if any hath taken such Hawk, and the same conceal from the Lord to whom the Hawk is, or from his Faulconcrs, or if any take him away from the Lord, and thereof be attainted, he shall have Two Years Imprisonment, and yield to the Lord the Price of the Hawk so concealed or taken away, if he have whereof, and if not, he shall the longer abide in Prison : Notwithstanding this Ordinance, the Offenders doubt but little to offend in this Behalf: Wherefore it is ordained, and by Statute established in this present Parliament, That if any steal any Hawk, and the same carry away, not doing the Ordinance aforesaid, it shall be done of him as of a Thief that stealeth a Horse or other Thing.

Anno 38¡ ED WARD I, III. A. D. 1363-4.

2>e £>rDtnacoib 3 fÕcis anno trtcestmo otfatoo.

ii:

nil

nsk

IS!

at

te

hss

2S

set

m

0

*!

.I

It

H

d

t

i

I

i

i

Of The ORDINANCES made in the Thirty-eighth Year.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Land. m. 6 d.

Nre Seign' le Roi Edward, a son parlement tenuz a Westm as Oetaves de Seint Hiller, lan de son regne trente oetisme, de lassent des Prelats, Dues, Countes, Barons, & roes de son Roialme itloeqes assemblez ad fait & ordeigne les choses q ensuent.

Adeprimes q la g"nde Chartre, la Chartre de la Foreste, & les au?s estatutz faitz sibien en son temps, come en temps de ses pgenito's, soient tenuz & gardez, & duement executz en touz pointz.

Et q*nt a ceo q ordene feust au derrein parlement de vivres & dappail, & qe nul Marchant Engleis ne usereit qune marchaundie, est acorde, q touz gentz soient si franks come estoient de tut temps aunciene- ment, devant les dites ordinances, & meement come estoient en temps del aiel nre Seign' le Roi, & de ses au?s bones pgenitours: et q touz Marchantz, sibien denzeins come aliens, puissent vendre, & achatre toure man!e de marchandie, & franchement ameisner hors du roialme, paiantz les Custumes & Subsides ent dues; forspris q les Marchantz Engleis ne passeront hors du roialme leins ne pealx lanutz; et q nul emporte hors du roialme or nargent, en plate nen monoie, sauvez les vitaillers de pesson, q peschent harang & autre pesson, & ces q amesnent pesson deinz le Roialme en petitz vesselx, q ne se mellent dautre marchandie ; & ce solonc larbitrement de Chaunceller.

Item est acorde, q touz les fines, q serrount ap^ndre devaunt queconqs Justices, soient faites en p*sence de plegges; & q les plegges sachent la Some de lour fines devant lour departir.

Statute the First.

OUR Lord King Edward at his Parliament holden at Westminster in the Utas of St. Hilary, the Eight and-thirtieth Year of his Reign, of the Assent of his Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons and Commons of his Realm there assembled, hath made and ordained the Things underwritten:

FIRST, That the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Forest, and the other Statutes made as well in his Time as in the Time of his Progenitors, be holden and kept, and duly executed in all Points.

ITEM, [to that which'] was ordained at the last Parliament, of Living and of Apparel, and that no English Merchant should use but one Merchandise; It is ordained, That all People shall be as free as they were [at all Times'] before the said Ordinance, and namely as they were in the Time of the KingÕs Grand.father, and his other good Progenitors: And that all Merchants, as well Aliens as Denizens, may sell and buy all Manner of Merchandises, and freely carry them out of the Realm, paying the Customs and Subsidies thereof due: except that the English Merchants shall not pass out of the Realm with Wools or Woolfels ; and that none carry out of the Realm Gold nor Silver, in Plate nor in Money, saving the Victuallers of Fish that fish for Herring and other Fish, and they that bring Fish uithin the Realm in small Vessels, which meddle not with other Merchandises j and that according to the Arbitrement of the Chancellor.

ITEM, It is accorded, That all the Fines to be taken before any Justices, shall be in the Presence of the Pledges, and that the Pledges know the Sum of their Fine before their departing.

1 as to this that MS. Tr. 2. 1 111 auncicnt tyme MS. Tr.2.

VOL. I.

5 E

Taking away a Hawk, contrary to the recited Statute, shall be Theft.

I.

Charters and

Statutes

confirmed.

II.

The Statute 37 Edtu.II/. chaptir j, Ijtc. repealed.

All buying and selling declared free j

Except as to Export of Wools j and of Gold and Silver.

HI.

Fines on IÕlcdges.

IV.

Foreign

Bonds

declared void.

V.

Wager of Law in London against Papers.

VI.

Penalty of Death under the Statute of the Staple ay Edw.III. repealed.

VII.

The Statute of the Staple %1 Edw.III. confirmed.

VIII.

A Ship shall not be forfeited for a Small Thing not customed.

IX.

The Statute 37 Edw. I II. chapter iS, concerning Suggestions to the King, amended.

X.

The Statutes of Wines confirmed.

XI.

Merchants Denizens may fetch Wines from Gascony.

Aliens may bring Wines.

King and Council may regulate therein.

XII.

34 Edw. III.

chapter 8.

ITEM, Whereas divers People be bound in [another Court'] out of the Realm by Instruments, and in other Manner ; It is accorded, That all such Penal Bonds in the Third Person be void and holden for none.

ITEM, Whereas many People be grieved and attached by their Body in the City of London, at the Suit of the People of the same City, surmising to them that they be Debtors, and that will they prove by their Papers, whereas they have no Deed nor Talley ; It is assented, That every Man be received to his Law by People sufficient of his Condition against such Papers, and the Creansour shall take Surety by another Way if he will, without putting the Party to plead to the Inquest, if he will not of his own gree.

ITEM, Whereas it was another Time ordained in the Statute of the Staple, that no Englishman should pass the Sea with Wools, Leather, nor Woolfels, by him nor by other, upon Pain of Forfeiture of Life and Member, Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels: It is accorded that the Forfeiture of Life and Member shall be wholly out (Õ) ; and that no Man be impeached because of such Forfeiture of Life and Member, as well of Times past, as of the Time to come; and the For.feiture of Lands and Tenements, Goods and Chattels, shall stand in their Force.

ITEM, It is (*) assented, That the Staple shall be in England ; and that the Statute of the Staple, made the said Seven-and-twentieth Year, with the Declarations, Additions, and Modifications thereof made, be holden and kept, notwithstanding any Grant, Licence, or other Statute or Ordinance made afterward.

ITEM, Whereas the Ships of divers People of the Realm be arrested and holden as forfeit, because of a little Thing put in their Ship not customed, whereof the Owners of the same Ships be ignorant; It is accorded and assented, That no Owner shall lose his Ship from the [fifteenth4] Day of February next corning forth, for such a small Thing put within the Ship not cus.tomed, without his Knowledge (s).

ITEM, As to the Article made at the last Parliament, of those that make grievous Complaints to the King himself; It is assented, That if he that maketh the Complaint, cannot prove his Intent against the Defen.dant by the Process limited in the same Article, he shall be commanded to Prison, there to abide till he hath made gree to the Party of his Damages, and of the Slander that he hath suffered by such Occasion; and after shall make Fine and Ransom to the King; and the Point contained in the same Article (6) that the Plain.tiff shall incur the same Pain, which the other should have if he were attainted, [shall be out!] in case that his Suggestion be found untrue.

ITEM, As to the [Merchants*] of Wines, and of those that pass the Sea to fetch Wines in Gascoine ; for the Diversity of Opinions of divers, It is assented, That the Statutes and Ordinances thereupon made, shall stand in their Force.

ITEM, The King will of his Grace and Sufferance, That all Merchants Denizens that be not Artificers, shall pass into Gascoign to fetch Wines there, to the End and Intent that by this general Licence greater Plenty may come, and greater [Market9] may be of Wines within the Realm ; and that the Gascoigns and other Aliens may come into the Realm with their Wines and freely sell them without any Disturbance or Impeachment; always saved to the King, that it may be lawful to him, whensoever it [is advised to him or his Council,'"] to ordain of this Article in the Manner as best shall seem to him for the Profit of him and his Commons.

ITEM, As to the Article of Jurors in the Four and thirtieth Year; It is assented and joined to the same, That if any Juror in Assises sworn, and other Inquests to be taken between the King and Party,

1 the Court of another 1 in the Statute of the Staple

5 accorded and < xvi. MS. Tr.1. s or privity

t shall he put out, 1 Omit these Words here.

* Merchandise 9 cheapness

10 shall seem meet to him and his good Council

Item come div^ gentz soient liez en autri Court, hors du roialme, p instrumentz & en autre maSe; est acorde, q touz tieles liens penales, en la tierce psone, soient voides & pr nul tenuz.

Item come plusours gentz sount grevez & attachez p lor corps, en la Citee de Lounds, a p'suite de gentz de meisme la Citee, srmettantz a eux qils sount dettos, & de ceo voillent ils pver p lour papirs, la ou ils ne ont fait ne taille; est assentu q chescun soit resceu a sa lei, p gentz sufficeantz de sa condicion, countre tieles papirs, & p>igne le creansour seurtee p autre voie sil vorra, sanz mettre la ptie de pleder a lenqueste, sil ne le voet de son gree.

Item come autresfoitz feust ordeigne en de lestaple q nul Engleis passeroit la meer ove leins, quirs, pealx lanutz, p luy ne p autre, s' peine de forfait'e de vie et de membre, Pres & tenz, biens et chateux ; est acorde, q la forfaiture de vie & de mem.bre soit ouste de tout, en lestatut de lestaple; & q nul home soit empeschee, p cause de tiele forfait'e de vie & de membre, sibien de temps passee, come avenir; la forfaiture de Pres et tenz, biens et chateux, esteant en sa force.

Item est acorde & assentu, q lestaple soit en Engle- Pre; & q lestatut de lestaple, fait lan xxvii"*, ove les declaracions, addicions, & modificacions ent faites, soient tenuz et gardez; nul gÔnt, conge, nautre esta- tut ou ordinance, faite depuis, contresteant.

Item, come les niefs de plusours gentz de roialme soient arestuz, & tenuz come forfaitz, p cause dune petite chose mise en lour dites niefs nient custumes, dont les Seigno's du dites niefs sount mesconissantz; est acorde et assentuz q nul Seign' pde sa nief, p' dele petite chose mise dedeinz nient custumez, del seszisme jour de Fev'er p>schein avenir en avant, sanz [seu, ou'] notice de luy.

Item q,lnt al article fait au derrein plement, de ces

qi fount grevouses pleintes au Roi meismes, est assentu, q si celuy q face sa pleinte ne poet pver sa entent devs le defendant, p pees limiteez en meisme larticle, qil soit cbmande a la prisone, a y dem'er tanqil eit fait gree a la ptie, de ses damages & de lesclaundre qil avera suffert p tiele cause, & a p's face fine & raun- ceon au Roi ; & soit oustez le point en meisme larticle, q le pleintif encourge meisme la peine q lautre aPeit sil feust atteint, en cas q sa suggestion soit trove malveis.

Et q*nt a marchandie de vins, & de ces q passe- rount de quere vins en Gascoigne, pr la diPsite des opinions de plusours, est assentuz, qe les estatutz & ordinances s' ce faites estoisent en lo' force. Et le Roi voet, de sa g'ce & suffraunce, q touz Mar-

launtz denzeins, qe ne sount artificers, passent en ascoigne de quere vins illoeqes, au fin & entente q ny cest geftal congie greindre pleinte viegnent & eillour marche soient des vins deinz le roialme i q les Gascoignes, & touz auts aliens, puissent vemr > dit Roialme ove lour vins, & fraunchement vendre nz nule destourbance ou empeschement toutdis uve au Roi q bien luy lise, a quele hure q soit luy et son bon conseil, de ordenir s cest a * atie q meltz luy semblera pr pfit de luJ ' Item,q*ntal article Çd-ju^Ç£ sentu et ajouste a ycele.^a nu^ J ^ ^ & partie

. Printed Copies omit.

ou partie & partie, riens pHgnent p eux ou p auts, de la ptie pleintif ou defendant, pr dire lo' ver- ditz, & de ceo soient atteint, p pees contenu en meisme (article, soit il a la suite de ptie q vorra suire p' luy meismes, ou pr le Roi, ou dautre psone queconqe, paie chescun des ditz Jurro's dis foitz a tant come il ava pris ; et eit celuy q ferra la suite lun moite, & le Roi lautre moite: et q touz les embraceours demesner ou peurer deles enquestes en paiis, pr gayn ou pfit p>ndre, soient puniz en meisme la manere & fo'me come les Jurrors; et si Jurro' ou embraceour issint atteintz neit dont faire gree, en marie susdite, eit la prisone dun an. Et est lentencion du Roi, g*ntz, & coes q nul Jusuce nautre Ministre enquerge doffice s' nul des pointz de cest article, mes soulement a la suite de parde, ou dautre, come dessus est dit.

or Party and Party, do any Thing take by them or other of the Party Plaintiff or Defendant, to give their Verdict, and thereof be attainted by Process contained in the same Article, be it at the Suit of the Party that will sue for himself, or for the King, or any other Person, every of the said Jurors shall pay Ten Times as much as he hath taken; and he that will sue shall have the one Half, and the King the other Half: And that all the Embraceors that bring or procure such Inquests in the Country to take Gain or Profit, shall be punished in the same Manner and Form as the Jurors; and if the Juror or Embraceor so attainted have not whereof to make Gree in the Manner aforesaid, he shall have the Imprison.ment of one Year. And the Intent of the King, of the Great Men, and of the Commons is, that no Justice nor other Minister shall inquire of Office upon any of the Points of this Article, but only at the Suit of the Party, or of other, as afore is said.

Penalty on corrupt Jurors and Ei.ibraceoiaj Ten Times the Money tak.cn, and Imprison.ment ;

at the Suit of the Party,&c.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. 4.

PUR nurrir amour paix & Concorde entre leglise & le roialme & empescher & faire cesser les g*ntz malx pils & importables damages & grevances, qont este faitz & avenuz en temps passe & avendront enap*s, si la chose serroit soefferte passer avant, p cause de psoneles citacions, & autres qont passez avant ces hures, & passent coement de jor en autre, hors de la Courte de Rome p my faintes ou fauses sugges.tions & pposicions, deceivantz le saint Piere encountre tout plein des psones du dit roialme, s' causes dount la cognissance & finable discussion apptient a nre Seign' le Roi, & a sa Courte roiale & autrement & aussi des impet'eions & pvisions, faites en meisme la Courte de Rome, des benefices & offices desglise ap- ptenantz a la donacion, presentacion, ou disposicion nre dit f le Roi, & dautres patrons lais de son Roialme, & des esglises, chapeles, & auts benefices appropries as eglises cathedrales, collegiales, abbaiees priories chaun?iees hospitalx, & au?s pops maisons, & des au?s dignitees offices & benefices, occupez en temps passe & psent p divÕses & notables psones du dit roialme pur les queles causes & dependences dicelles les bones & auncienes lois, usages, custumes, & fraunchises du dit roialme ount estez & sount moult g*undement empeschez, blemiz, & confounduz, la Corone le Roi nre Seign' abesse, & sa psone moult durement & fausement diffamee, les avoirs & richesses du roialme emportez, les tiitances & subgiz dicelx enpovriz & troubliz, les benefices desglises gastez & destruitz, divin svice, hospitalites, almoignes, & altres oevrs de charitee, entrelessez & souztraitz, les g'untz cues, & subgitz du dit roialme t'vaillez, & en corps & en biens domagez: Nre dit Seignour le Roi, a son plement tenuz a Westm, en les Oytaves de Seynt Hiller, lan de son regne trente oytisme, eiant regard a la quiete de son poeple, le quel il desire t?sso9aignement a sustenir en fnquillite pais & repos, & govVtir solonc les lois, usages & fraun.chises de sa tre, & sicome tenuz yest p son sement donez en sa Coronacion; en eide & confort du Pape qi moult sovent a estee trublez p tieles & semblables importuns clam's & impet'tions, & qi y meist voluntiers covenable remedie, si sa seyntetee estoit s' ces choses enfo'mee; & passant pmy les

Statute the Second.

TO nourish Love and Peace, and Concord between Holy Church and the Realm, and to appease and cause to cease the great Hurt, Perils, and importable Losses and Grievances that hath been done and hap.pened in Times past, and that shall happen hereafter, if the Thing from henceforth be suffered to pass, because of personal Citations, and other that be past before this Time, and commonly doth pass from Day to Day out of the Court of Rome by feigned and false Suggestions and Propositions (1) against all Manner of Persons of the Realm, upon Causes, whose Cognisance and final discussing pertaineth to our Lord the King and his Royal Court; (!) and also of Impetrations and Pro- The several visions made in the said Court of Rome, of Benefices citationsÓ ¡ and Offices of the Church, pertaining to the Gift, anj ãf Presentation, Donation, and Disposition of our said Impetration* Lord the King and other Lay Patrons of his Realm, of *knej^c* and of Churches, Chapels, and other Benefices ap- rom

propried to [Cathedral Churches,3] Abbeys, Priories,

Chantries, Hospitals; and other poor Houses, and of other Dignities, Offices, and Benefices occupied in Times past and present by divers and notable Persons of the said Realm: For the which Causes, and the Dependants thereof, the good ancient Laws, (") Cus.toms, and Franchises of the said Realm have been and be greatly impeached, blemished, and confounded, the Crown of our Lord the King [abated,3] and his Person very hardly and falsly defamed, the Treasure and Riches of his Realm carried away, the Inhabitants and Subjects of the Realm impoverished and troubled, the Benefices of the Church wasted and destroyed, Divine Service, Hos.pitalities, Alms-deeds, and other Works of Charity [withdrawn and set apart,6] the Great Men, Commons, and Subjeds of the Realm (7) in Body and Goods damnified : Our Sovereign Lord the King, at his Parlia- I. ment holden at Westminster in the Utas of St.Hilary, the Thirty-eighth Year of his Reign ; having a Regard to the Quietness of his People, which he chiefly desireth to sustain in Tranquillity [and Peace, Ò] to govern according to the Laws, Usages, and Franchises of his Land, as he is bound by his Oath made at his Corona.tion, (9) following the Ways of his Progenitors, which

1 deceivyng the holy fail, r MS. Tr. 2.

1 and otherwise, MS. Tr 2.

3 Churches Cathedral and Collegiate A Usages, s niynyshed, b neglededand ¥withdrawn,

7 travailed, and MS. Tr. i. 8 peace and rest, and

v in aid and comfort of the Pope, who hath been oftentimes troubled by such and the file importunate Clamours and Impetrations, and who would thereto willingly apply a ft remedy, if his Holiness were informed concerning these matters ; and

Of the Sentences relating to the Pope, though omitted from Berthelet's Edition 1543, and from all subsequent English Editions, a Translation is given in the English Edition printed by Myddlcton, and also in MS. Tr. 2. but with some Inaccuracies.

Persons obtaining or purchasing Citations or Benefices from the Court of Rome,

and their Abettors,

shall be arrested, and held to Bail;

And on Conviftion shall be punished according to the Statute 2j Edw lII.

it. J. ch. 22.

II.

Suspedled Persons not appearing after

Warning, ¥hall incur the Penalty of the Statute 27 Edw. 111.

st. I. th. I.

for their Time made certain good Ordinances and Pro.visions against the said Grievances and Perils; which Ordinances and Provisions, and all the other made in his Time, and especially in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty- seventh Year of his Reign, Our Sovereign Lord the King, by the Assent and express Will and Concord of the Dukes, Earls, Barons, (') and the Commons of his Realm, and of all other whom these Things toucheth, by good and [mete *] Deliberation and Avisement, hath approved, accepted, and confirmed, saving the Estate of the Prelates and other Lords of the Realm, touching the Liberty of their Bodies, so that by Force of this Statute their Bodies be not taken; joining to the same, hath provided and ordained, That all they which have obtained, purchased, or pursued, such personal Citations or other in any Times past, or hereafter shall obtain, purchase, or pursue such like, against him or any of his Subje&s, and also all they that have obtained or shall obtain in the said Court, Deaneries, Archdea.conries, Provosties, and other Dignities, Offices, Chappels, or Benefices of Holy Church, pertaining to the Collation, Gift, Presentation, or Disposition of our said Sovereign Lord the King, or of other Lay Patron of his said Realm; and also all like Persons, Obtainers of Churches, Chappels, Offices, or Benefices of Holy Church, Pensions or Rents amortised and appropried to Churches Cathedral or Collegial, Abbies, Priories, Chanteries, Hospitals, or other poor Houses, before that such Appropriations and Amortisements be void and adnulled by due Process ; also all they which have ob.tained in the same Court, Dignities, Offices, Hospitals, and any Benefices of Churches which be occupied at this present Season by reasonable Title by any Persons of the said Realm, if such Impetrations be not fully executed, or shall obtain hereafter like Benefices, whereby Prejudice, Damage, or Impeachment hath been or may be done hereafter to him or to his said Subjects, [inJ] Persons, Heritages, Possessions, Rights, or [any Goods,*] or to the Laws, Usages, Customs, Franchises, and Liberties of his said Realm and of his Crown ; also all their Maintenours, [Concealers,5] Abettors, and other Aiders and Fautours wittingly, as well at the Suit of the King as of the Party, or other whatsoever he be of the Realm, finding Pledges and Surety to pursue against them; in this Case all the said Persons defamed and violently suspeft of such Impetrations, Pursuits, or Grievances [by Suspettion,6] shall be arrested and taken by the Sheriffs of the Places and Justices in their Sessions, Deputies, Bailiffs, and other the KingÕs Ministers; (7) by good and sufficient Main.prise, Replevin, Bail, or other Surety, the shortest that may be, [and 8] shall be presented to the King and his Council, there to remain and stand to right, to receive what the Law will give them ; and if they be attainted or convict of any of the said Things, they shall have the Pain comprised in the Statute made in the Twenty- fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord the King, which beginneth, [Whereas late in the Parlia.ment,9] &c.

ITEM, If any Person defamed or suspect of the said Impetrations, Prosecutions, or Grievances or Enterprises, be out of the Realm or within, and may not be attached or arrested in their proper Persons, and do not present them before the King or his Council, within Two Months next after that they be thereupon warned in their Places, if they have any, ('Ó) in any of the KingÕs Courts, or in the Counties, or before the KingÕs Justices in their Sessions, or otherwise sufficiently, to answer to the King and to the Party, [to stand "] and be at the Law in this Case before the King and his Council,

Ô Nobles MS. Tr. 2. 1 mature Õ or their

4 goods whatever s Councelers

4 Omit these Words. ? and * they

9 At the Parliament summoned at IVestmituter,

'* of " and there to abide MS. Tr. 2.

voies de ses nobles pgenitoÕs, les queux pr le tempi lors courrant firent cÕteynes bones pÕveiances & orde- naunces, encountre les avantditz grevaunces & pils; lei queles ordinances & pÕveances & aussi toutes les au?s faites en son temps, & p especial en lan de son regne xxv. & xxvij"% Nre dit (' le Roi de lassentement & expsse volunte & Concorde des Dues, Contes, Ba.rons, Nobles & coes de son roialme, & de touz al?s q la chose touche, p bone & meure delifeadon & avise- ment, a approve, accepte, & conferme; sauf lestat des Prelatz & dalPs f's du roialme, touchant la libtee de lor corps, si q p force de cest estatut lour corps ne soit pais pris; ajoustant a ycelles a pÕveu & ordene q touz ceux qont impetrez p'chacez ou p'suiz tieU psoneles citacions & au?s en aucun temps passe, ou impetreront p'chacerount ou pÕsuerount semblables en temps avenir, encountre lui ou aucun de ses sub- giz, & aussi touz ceux qount impetrez ou impetre- ront de la dte CoÕt deanees, arcedeakenees, pvoites & au?s dignitees, offices, chapelles ou au?s bnfices desglise quelconqs, appurtenantz a la collacion, dona- cion, psentacion ou disposicion nre dit Seign' le Roi ou dautre patron lai de son dit roialme; Et aussi toutes sembleambles psones, impetro's desglises, cha- pelles, offices, benefices desglise, pensions, ou rentes amortiseez & appropriez as Esglises cathedrales ou collegiales, abbaies, Prioriees, chaunftes, hospitalx, ou airs povÕs maisons, avant ceo q tielx appropria.tions & amortissementz soient cassez & anullez p due pees; ensamble touz ceux qount impetrez en tneisme la Co't, dignites, offices, hospitalx, ou bnfices quelconqs desglise, q sount occupez au psent, p title raisonable p ascuns psones du dit Roialme, si del impet'eion ne soit ja pleinement execute, ou impetreront enaj?s sembleables bnfices, p quoi pjudice, damage, ou empeschement a estee, ou purra estre fait enaps, a lui ou a ses ditz subgiz, [ouÔ] psones, heritages, possessions, droit'es ou biens quelconqes, ou a les lois, usages, custumes, f'unchises & lifetees de son dit roialme, & de sa corone; ensemble touz leur meinteno's, counseille's, abbettÕs, & au?s aidantz & fauteurs scientement, taunt a la suite le Roi come de la ptie, ou dautre quelconq de roialme trovantz plegges & seurete de p'suir contre eux, en ceo caas soient toutes les dites psones, diffames & suspedes vio- lenment de dels impefeions, p'suites ou grevances, arestuz & pris p les viscountes des lieux, & Justices en lour sessions deputez, Bailiffs, & au?s ministres le Roi; & p bone & suffisaunte maynprise, replevissement, bail ou altre plegiie, le plus brief q faire se purra, soient ils p*sentez au Roi ou a son consail, pr y demÕer & ester a droit, & recevoir ceo q la lei lour donrra; Et sils soient atteintz ou convaincuz daucunes des dites choses, aient la penance compris en lestatut, fait en lan nre dit Seigno' le Roi xxv. q comence, Au pleroent somons a Westm, &c.

Et si aucuns psones diffames ou suspedes des dites impetracions, psecucions, grevances ou entre prises, soient hors du dit roialme, ou dedans & ne purront estre attachez ne arestuz en lour ppres pson , & ne se fsentent devant le Roi ou son consafi, dedeins deux mois pschein aps ce qils fount garniz, en lour lieux si aucuns enaient, ou auc des Courtz le Roi, ou en les Countees. ou ^

Jusdces le Roi en lour Sessions, ou auteme

men,, f ,ÇPÇndre È RÒ*** estre a la lei en ceo cas devaunt le Ro. & son

1 en Printed Copitt.

soient puniz p fourme & manere compris en lestatut fait lan xxvijª' nre Seign' le Roi, qe comence, Nre Seigno' le Roi de lassent & a la priere &c : & autreinent sicome afaire semblera au Roi & a son consail, saunz faire a aucun deulx p nre dit fr le Roi aucune g*ce, pdonaunce ou remission, saunz la volante & assente- ment de la ptie q se pvera estre greve, & sanz faire a luy due satisfaction [ en ce cas.1 ]

Item ordeigne est q nul autre subget du dit Roialme, gardant & sustenant ces Ordinances, nencourge au.cune forfait'e de vie, de membre, de tVes, heritage, ne de biens, deVs le Roi nautre psone quelconqe, ne re pde estat ne faveur, p cause de les susditz choses ordenes ; ne lui ne ses heirs ne purront ne devrront estre reprovez, diffameez, nempescheez, p aucuns des ditz causes en aucune temps avenl. Et si aucune psone de quelconq, estat ou condicion qil soit p quelconq, marie q ce soit, attempte ou face aucune chose a lencountre des dites ordinances, ou daucune chose comprise en ycelles, soit la dite psone meisne a re- spounse, en maSe come dessus evt dit, & si elle serra sur ceo attainte ou convaincue, mise hors la pteccion le Roi, & puniz p fo'me du dit estatut de lan xxviime.

Et si aucune psone face maliciousemet ou fause- ment aucun p'suite encountre psone quelconq, du dit roialme, p cause comprise en ces psentes Ordenan- ces, & de ceo soit duement attaint, soit tiel pleintif duement puniz a lordenance du Roi ou de son con- sail, & nientmeyns face gree & lamende a la ptie qe a estee grevee p sa pleinte. Et a fine q les dites orde- nances & chescun dycelles, pr aise, quiete, & bien comun, soient le meiuz sustenuz executz & gardez, et q touz ceux, q ount mespris ou mespndrount en.countre cestes ordenances, p psecucions, accusacions, denunciacions, citacions, ou pees, faites ou affaire hors du dit roialme ou dedeins, ou au?ement contre quel- conqs psone du roialme, soient le plus covenablement & pmptement meisnez a respons, p' receyvre droit solonc leur deserte; le Roi, les Prelatz, les Dues, Countes, Barons & Nobles, Coes, Clercs & Lais, sont tenuz p ceste psente ordenaunce a aider, conforter & consailler lun a lautre; & taunt sovent q busoigne €ra, & p toutes les meillo's maSes q faire se pourra, de pole & de fait, p' empescher tieux maffesours, & resister de faite a lour enterprises, & saunz les soeffrer habiter, demorrer, ne passer p lour Seign'ies, [puis.sance,1] tires, jurisdiccions, ne lieux; & sount tenuz de garder & defendre lune a lautre, de tout damage, vilaine, & repves, sicome ils ferroient lour ppres psones, & pr leur fait & busoigne, & p tiele marie & si avant, come deles psecucions ou pees fuissent faites ou atteintez encountre eux, en especial ou en commune.

1 Interlined on the Roll.

1 possessions Printed Copies.

C) shall be punished by the Form and Manner com.prised in the Statute made in the said Seven-and- twentieth Year of this KingÕs Reign, which beginneth,

Ò Our Sovereign Lord the King by the Assent (*) See.Ó and otherwise, as to the King and his Council shall N¡h*>*^on seem to be done, without any Grace, Pardon, or Re- of

mission to be made (*) by the King, without the Will and the plrty Assent of the Party, which shall prove him to be grieved, grieved, and without making to him due Satisfadion in this Case.

ITEM, It is accorded, That none other Subjeft of the said Realm, keeping and sustaining these Ordi.nances, shall incur any Forfeiture of Life and Member, of Lands, of Heritage, nor of Goods, against the King, nor none other Person, nor lose Estate nor Favour because of the said Things ordained ; nor (*) his Heirs may not nor ought not to be reproved, defamed, nor im.peached by any of the said Causes at any Time here- afier. And it any Person, of whatsoever Estate or Condition that he be, by any Manner, attempt or do any Thing against the said Ordinances, or any Thing comprised in them, the same Person shall be brought to answer in the Manner as is aforesaid, and if he be thereupon attainted or convict, he shall be put out of the KingÕs Protection, and punished after the Form of the said Statute made the said xxvii. Year.

III.

Only

Offenders

specified shall incur any Forfeiture under thia Ordinance.

ITEM, If any Person maliciously or falsly make any W.

Pursuit against any Person of the said Realm, for ¡"

Cause comprised in these present Ordinances, and maliciously thereof be duly attainted, such Plaintiff shall be duly prosecuting punished at the Ordinance of the King and his Council; th,s and nevertheless he shall make Gree and Amends to ¡ the Party grieved by his Pursuit. And to the Intent that the said Ordinances, and every of the same, for the [Ease, Quietness, and Wealth of the Commons,*] be the better sustained, executed, and kept; and that all those that have offended, or shall offend against these Ordinances, by Prosecutions, Accusations, Denuncia.tions, Citations, or other Process made or to be made out of the said Realm or within, or otherwise against any Manner of Person of the said Realm, be the more covenably and speedily brought in Answer, to receive Right according to their Desert; The King, the Prelates, All People Dukes, Earls, Barons, Nobles, and [other ¡] Commons, ¥'>*" ÈÇ*ÈÈ >Ò Clerks, and Lay-people, be bound by this present Or- dinance to aid, comfort, and to counsel the one the other ; and as often as shall need, and by all the best Means that may be made of Word and of Deed, to impeach such Offenders, and resist [their Deeds andÕ] Enterprises, and without suffering them to inhabit, abide, or pass [by *] their Seignories, [Possessions,*] Lands, Jurisdidions, or Places; and be bound to keep and de fend the one the other from all Damage, Villainy, and Reproof, as they should do their own Persons, and for their Deed and Business, and by such Manner, and as far forth, as such Prosecutions or Process were made or attempted against them in especial, [general,] or in common.

1 they

3 to any of them MS.Tr.2.

* common ease, quietness and good, b Omit this Word.

8 through

1 and at the prayer

¥ he nor AiS. Tr.i.

1 in deed their 9 Dominion,

VOL. I.

Anno 42? EDWARDI, III. A.D.1368.

Sitatutu ebttu apub HEXtetm primo Die šafi anno rlif ffiegtg e. t'rtf.

A STATUTE made at Westminster on the First Day of May, in the Forty-second year of King EDWARD III.

i.

Confirmation of the Charters.

il

Confirmation of the Pardon granted in

36 Edw. III. III.

None shall be put to answer without due Process of Law.

IV.

Commissions of Inquiry shall in all Cases be granted to the Judges, or Justices of the Peace.

V.

Escheator shall have xx 1. of Land; and execute his Office in Person.

VI.

The Statute of Labourers enforced.

AT the Parliament of our Lord the King, holden at Westminster the First Day of May, the Two-and- fortieth Year of his Reign, It is assented and accorded, That the Great Charter and the Charter of the Forest be holden and kept in all Points; and if any Statute be made to the contrary, that shall be holden for none.

ITEM, It is assented, That the Pardon which the King made to his Commons the xxxvi. year be holden in all Points ; and if any feel himself grieved against the Form of the same, he shall have a Writ in the Chan.cery to allow the Points of the said Pardon.

ITEM, At the Request of the Commons by their Petitions put forth in this Parliament, to eschew the Mischiefs and Damages done to divers of his Commons by false Accusers, which oftentimes have made their Accusations more for Revenge and singular Benefit, than for the Profit of the King, or of his People, which accused Persons, some have been taken, and [some.time Õ3 caused to come before the KingÕs Council by Writ, and otherwise upon grievous Pain against the Law: It is assented and accorded, for the good Go.vernance of the Commons, that no Man be put to answer without Presentment before Justices, or Matter of Record, or by due Process and Writ original, ac.cording to the old Law of the Land : And if any Thing from henceforth be done to the contrary, it shall be void in the Law, and holden for Error.

ITEM, Because that Commissions have been made and granted in divers Counties, at the Procurement of certain Persons, to inquire of certain Articles, which Commissioners have made their Inquiries in secret Places, and by People not sufficient, and of their Covin, more to their private Profit than for the KingÕs Ad.vantage, or of his People ; It is assented and accorded, That from henceforth in all Inquiries within the Realm Commissions shall be made to some of the Justices of the one Bench or of the other, or Justices of Assise, or Justices of the Peace, with others of the most worthy of the Country, as well for the KingÕs Profit as the Commons; saving in the Office of the Escheatorship [or Thing:] that toucheth the same Office.

ITEM, Whereas it is contained [in the Statutes or.dained5] for the common Profit of Escheators, that none should be Escheator unless he have sufficient Land, wherfcof he may answer to the King and to his People ; It is assented, That no Escheator shall be made unless he have xx 1. of Land at the least, or more, in Fee; and that they do their Office in proper Person; and if any other be, he shall be put out.

ITEM, It is accorded and assented, That the Statute and Ordinance made of Labourers and Artificers, be holden and kept and duly executed ; and thereupon Commissions shall be made to the Justices of Peace in every County, to hear and determine the Points of the said Statute, and to award Damages at the Suit of the Party, according to the Quantity of the Trespass.

* in any thing

Ex magno Rot. St at. in Turr. Lond. m. 3.

EN le plement nre i' le Roi tenuz a Westiu le primer jour de May lan de son regne quaran- dsme second, est assentu & acorde q la gÕnde Chartre & la Chartre de la Foreste soient tenuz & gardez en touz pointz ; et si nul estatut soit fait a contraire soit tenuz p' nul.

Ensement est assentu q la pardon q le Roi fist a sa coe lan trente sisme, soit tenuz en touz sez pointz; et si nul se sent greve contre la forme dicelle, ii apa brief en Chancellerie dallower les pointz du dit pdon.

Item a la requeste de la coe p leur petition mis avant en ce plement, p' ouster meschiefs & damages, faitz as pluseurs de sa dite coe p faux accusours, q sovent ont fait leur accusementz plus p' vengeance & singulere pfit q p' pfit du Roi ou de son poeple, queux accusez ont este aucuns pris & autres faitz venir devant le conseil le Roi p brief, & autrement, s' greve peine, & encontre le leye ; est assentu & ac- corde pr le bone goPnement de la coe q nul home soit mis arespondre sanz pPsentement devant Justices, ou chose de record, ou p due pcesse & brief original, solonc launcien leye de la tre; et si rien desore enavant soit fait al encontre soit voide en leye & tenuz pÕ errour.

Item porce q comissions ont este faitz & g*ntez en div*s Contees, as pcurementz de <?teins psones, den- quere de Steins articles, queux Comissioners font leur enquerrees en places privees, & p gentz nient suffi- ceantz, & de leur covyn, plus au pfit de eux 4 en avantage du Roi ou de son poeple; est assentu k ac- corde, q desore, en touz enquerrez deinz le Roialme, soient comissions faites as ascuns des Justices de lun Bank ou de lautre, ou Justices dassises, ou Justices de la pees, ovesq, autres de meulx vauez du paiis,

sibien p' pfit du Roi come de la coe ; sauve en

loffice deschetour, en chose q touche celle office.

Item come contenue soit & en les estatuz ordenez, pr coe pfit des EschetoÕs, q nul Escheto' soit, sil not sufficeantie de tre, dont il poet respondre au Roi & a son poeple; est assentu, q nul Eschetour soit ait

sil neit vint liPees de tre au meinz ou plus en fee;

& qils facent leur office en ppre psone, & M auIre

lit ouste. ã ,

, est accorde & assentu, q lestatut & or e : laborers & artificers, soient tenuz g lent executz ; & s' ycel, soient-Ñns^ ices de la pees en chescun Contee.J dama.

les pointz du dit estatut, & e a8 p

suite de ptie, solonc la quantite de tspas

1 others

3 and ordained in the Statutes

ty

Nk

*pk

lifci,

38H

iiii

mi

On!

m:

mi

ZZ.

SEll

*j*

nfiÈ

St SI

ijtai

Çi

ski

ass

ail

atli

:b

sii

È)È

is

at i i*

.1

i In *i

i*

Item est assentu q ceux de Londres & nul autre vendent a retaille vitailles tantseulement, & ce de es- peciale g*ce du Roi tanq, au (Pschein plement, sur condicion qil soit bien reulee & gornee en le mesne temps a coe j>fit: et est lentencion du Roi q nul p>ju- dice soit faite as aliens q ont Pnchises p chartres des Rois.

Item est assentu & acccrde pr pfit du Roialme q nul Engleis passe en Gascoigne pr vins quere illoeqes, inais soient amesnez en Engle?re p les Gascoignes & autres aliens, et sr ce soit defens fait pmy le Roialme: et q nul Engleis mette en mains des ditz Gascoignes ou aliens, ne illoeqes mande, ore nargent nautre marchandie, pr ent faire achate des vins al oeps des Engleis, s' forfait'e del or, argent, ou marchandises issint mis en mains, ou mandez ; et q toutes les niefs DenglePre & de Gascoigne, q viegnent en Gascoigne, soient priiSement frettez p' amesner vins en EngletVe devant toutes autres; et q nul Engleis bargaine ne achate tieux vins, venantz en Englerre, avant qils soient mis a ?re solonc la forme de lestatut ent fait: et tendra ceste ordenance lieu a la Geule daugst pschein avenir enavant ; et q nul garant soit faite a nul Engleis a contraire.

Ensement p la ou en la vte cire est mande a Vis- conte p' lever les dettes le Roi, les Ministres des vis- contes les levent p roulles 8c autres remembrances, k ne monstrent les dites estretres desouz le seal del Es- cheqier, issint q ce qst leve une foitz vient autrefoiz en demande, p cause qils ne se chargent au plein de ce qest leve, en deceit du Roi 8c empoPissement de son poeple; est ordene 8c assentu q home veie les dites estretes enseallees, & q ce qest pale soit tottee, et meismes les estretes mandez as Viscontes s' la re- ceite: et si aucuns viscontes ou ministre face au con.traire, soit tenuz de respondre a la ptie q de ce soi voet pleindre, de ses damages a treble, k face fin au Roi: et qil eit sa seute sibien devant Justicz de la pees, come devaunt autres Justices: et q les viscontes soient tenuz daccompter p meismes les estretes issint tottez, & p nul autre: et ne soient les estretes dou- blees p les Viscontes, mais la copie de les estretes en qÕntq, touchent franchise des f's, soient liv'eez as Baillifs des franchises souz le seal du visconte, et q meismes les Baillifs rendent lour accompt en lescheqier p meismes les copies issint livÕez : et ensement q nul Visconte, Souzvisconte, ne clerc de visconte, demoerge en son office outre un an, come ordene est des Viscontes p estatutz.

Aussint s' la peticion mis en plement p la coe, suppliant q les enfantz neez pdela deinz les SeignÕies de Caleys, Guynes 8c Gascoigne, k aillours deinz les trres & Û ries q apptiegnent a nre f' le Roi pdela, soient si avant ables k enheritables de leur heritages en Engletre, come autres enfantz neez deinz le Roialme Dengletre ; est accorde k assentu, q la coe leye k les.tatut s' ce point autrefoiz faitz, soient tenuz Sc gardez.

Item porce q divÕses meschiefs sont avenuz, p cause q les panelles des enquestes, qont este prises de.vant Justices p brief de Scire facias 5c autres briefs, nont pas este retournez devant les Sessions des Justices a la Nisi prius 8c autrement, si q les pties ne p'rent avoir conissance des nouns des psons q passeront en lenqueste, p quei pluseurs gentz ont este deshcritees k subduitz ; si est ordene q nulle enqueste forspris assises & delivances des gaoles, soient prises p brief de Nisi prius ne en autre marte, a suite de nully gÔnt

ITEM, It is accorded, That they of London and VII. none other, shall sell at retail Victuals only, and that of the KingÕs special grace, till the next Parliament, ¡.ã;i

upon Condition, that it be well ruled and governed in viftuÈlsonly. the mean Time to the common Profit: And it is the KingÕs Mind, that no Prejudice be done to Aliens, which have Franchises by the KingsÕ Charters.

ITEM, It is assented and accorded, for the Profit of £n^;s^rÔ the Realm, That no Englishman shall pass into Gas- Merchant* coigne, to seek Wines there, but they shall be brought shall not into England by the Gascoins and other Aliens, and ^

thereupon Defence shall be made through the Realm : feh¡\vme; And that no Englishman put in the IJands of the said Gascoins or Aliens, nor thither send Gold nor Silver nor other Merchandises, thereof to buy Wines to the Use of Englishmen, upon Forfeiture of the Gold and Silver or Merchandises so put in their Hands or sent; and that all the Ships of England and of Gascoigne that cometh into Gascoigne, shall be first freighted to bring Wines into England before all other; and that no "¡r W ^ Englishman bargain nor buy such Wines coming into ljnjcÓ<umi England, before that they be put to Land, according to the Form of [the said Statutes 'J thereof made : And this Ordinance shall hold place from the Gule of August next ensuing forward ; and that no Warrant be made to any Englishman to the contrary.

ITEM, Whereas [the green Wax is sent'J to Sheriffs to levy the KingÕs Debts, the Sheriffs Ministers do levy the same by Rolls, and other Remembrances, and do not shew the same Estreats under the Seal of the Ex.chequer, so that which is once levied, cometh another Time in Demand, because that they do not charge them fully of that which is levied, in Deceit of the King, and Impoverishment of his People; It is ordained and as.sented, That a Man shall see the same Estreat sealed, and that the same which is paid, be totted, and the same Estreats sent to the Sheriffs upon the Receipt: And if any Sheriff or Minister do to the contrary, he shall be charged to answer to the Party, which thereof will him complain, his treble Damages, and make Fine to the King: And that he have his Suit as well before Justices of the Peace, as before other Justices: And that the Sheriffs be bound to accompt by the same Estreats so totted, and by none other : And the same Estreats shall not be doubled by the Sheriffs, but the Copy of the Estreats, wherein they touch the Franchises of Lords, shall be delivered to the Bailiffs of the Fran.chises under the Seal of the Sheriff, and that the same Bailiffs yield their Accompt in the Exchequer by the same Copies so delivered : And also that no Sheriff, Under-Sheriff", nor SheriffÕs Clerk, abide in his Office above one Year, as it is ordained (Õ) by the Statute.

IX.

In levying the King's Debts, the Estreats shall be shewed to the Party indebted, and the Receipts totted.

Sheriffs shall account by such Estreats.

Sheriffs, See. shall continue in Office one Year only.

ITEM, Upon the Petition put in the Parliament by the Commons, desiring that Infants born beyond the Sea, within the Seignories of Calais, (') and elsewhere, within the Lands and Seignories that pertain to our Lord the King beyond the Sea, be as able and inherit.able of their heritage in England, as other Infants born within the Realm of England -, It is accorded, (') That the Common I.aw, and the Statute upon the same Point another l ime made, be holden (š).

ITEM, Forasmuch as divers Mischiefs have hap.pened, because that the Panels of Inquests which have been taken before Justices by Writ of Scire facias, and other Writs, have not been returned before the Sessions of the justices at the Nisi prius, and otherwise, so that the Parties could not have Knowledge of the Names of the Persons which should pass in the Inquest, whereby divers of the People have been disherited and oppressed ; It is ordained, That no Inquest, but Assises and Deliverances of Gaols, be taken by Writ of Nisi prius, nor in other Manner, at the Suit of any, Great or

X

Of Children born Abroad, tbc old Law fchaUcontiiiue.

XI.

Names of Jurors shall be returned previously to Sessions at

Nm Prim ;

1 the Statute

? concerning Sheriff's * and assented

* in the green lVax> it is given in charge 4 Guines an l Gascony, f' and kef>t

Panels in Assises shall be arrayed Four Days before the Sessions.

Good Jurors shall be returned in all Panels.

Small, before that the Names of all them that shall pass in the Inquests be returned in the Court: And that the Sheriffs array the Panels in Assises Four Days at at the least before the Sessions of the Justices, upon Pain of Twenty Pound, so that the Parties may have the View of the Panels, if they the same demand. And as to the Return or Answer of the Bailiffs of Franchises, they shall make their Answer to the Sheriff Six Days before their Session upon the same Pain. And in all Manner of Panels arrayed by the Sheriffs, or Bailiffs within Franchise, shall be put the most substantial People, and worthy of Credit, and not suspedt, which have best Knowledge of the Truth, and be nearest.

ne petit, avant ce q les nouns de touz yceux qi pas. seront en les enquestes soient reto'nees en Courte: et q [es viscontes arraient les panelles en assises quatre jours a meinz devant la Session des Justices, sur peine de vint livres, issint q les pties peussent avoir la veue des panelles, nils le demandent. Et q'nt a reto'ne ou respons des baillifs des franchises, facent leur respons as viscontes p sis jours devant leur Session, sur meisme la peine. Et en toute maSe des panelles arraiez p viscontes ou baillifs deins franchise, soient mis les meulz vauez sufficeantz & dignes de fov & went suspeftz, qont meillour conissance de la Pile, & pluis pscheins.

Anno 48¡ EDWARDI, III. A.D.1369.

STATUTE MADE IN THE PARLIAMENT HOLDEN AT WESTMINSTER, On the Octave of the Holy Trinity.

The Danger which might ensue by keeping the Staple at Calice.

I.

The Staple removed from Calais.

Staples in England.

Merchants, Aliens and Denizens, may freely buy Wools.

Regulations for weighing and sealing Wools.

EDWARD by the Grace of God, [&c. to the Ô] Sheriff of Stafford, Greeting. Whereas of late it was ordained for the Profit of the Realm, and Ease of Merchants of England, that the Staple of Wools, Woolfels, and Leather should be holden at Calice, and there it hath been sithence the First Day of March, the Seven-and-thirtieth Year [of our Lord the King that now is; Õ] and now because the Peace another 'l ime taken between the Realms of England and France is by the Frenchmen broken, and great Peril (J) might come to the Goods of the Realm there being, and coming by the Sea to the same Staple out of England, if the same Staple were (*) continued j and thereupon the Prelates, Great Men, and Commons seeing the Mis.chiefs and Perils which may happen to the Goods and Merchandises in this behalf, pray the King in this pre.sent Parliament holden at Westminster at the Utas of the Holy Trinity, the Three-and-fortieth Year of his Reign, thereupon to ordain Remedy:

OUR Sovereign Lord the King, having thereupon full Deliberation and Advisement with his great Coun.cil, (s) hath ordained ; That [the Staples of Calais, &c.6] shall be wholly put out; and the Staples of Wools, Woolfels, and Leather of the Realm of England, shall be holden in the Places under-written, that is to say ; at Newcastle (7), Kingston upon Hull, Saint Botolph, Yarmouth, Queenborough, Westminster, Chichester, Winchester, Exeter, and Bristol; and the Staples of Ireland arid of Wales shall be in the Places where they were first ordained: And moreover it is ordained, That all Merchants, Aliens and Denizens, may freely go through England, Ireland, and Wales, and buy and sell Wools, Woolfels, and Leather, and all other Merchan.dises at their will, without Impeachment or Disturbance; so that no Wools, Woolfels, nor Leather, shall pass out of the Realm of England, Ireland, nor Wales, till they be brought to the Staples, and there weighed, cocketted, and customed; and that all the Wools that shall be brought to the Staples at Westminster and Winchester,

1 King of England and France, and Lord of Ireland, to our 1 of our reign ; 3 of lou 4 there MS, TV. 2,

5 at the request of the Prelates, Great Ment and Commons being in tht same Parliament 6 the Staple of Calais,

7 upon Tyne

Ex magno Rot. S/at. in Turr. Lond. m. 2.

EDWARD p la g*ce de Dieu Roi DenglePre & de France & Seign' Dirland, a nre Visconte de Stafford saluz. Come nadgairs estoit ordeigne p' pfit du roialme & ees des Marchantz DenglePre, q estaples de leins peaux lanuz & quirs sroient tenuz 1 Caleis, & illoeqes ad este puis le primer jour de Marcz lan de nre regne trent septisme; & ore, p rause q la pees auPfoith pris pentre les roialmes Den- 'let re & de France est p les FÒnceys enfreint & g*nt ?il de pde purroit avenir as biens du roialme illoeqes :steantz, & venantz p mere a mesme lestaple hors Oengletre, si mesme lestaple feusse illoeqes continue; k s' ce les Prelatz g*ntz & coes, veiantz les meschiefs k pils q purroient avenir a les biens & marchandises :elle ptie, Prierent a nre f' le Roi, en cest psent plement tenuz a Westm a les Oetaves de la Trinite, an de son regne DenglePre quarante fierce, s' ce srdeigner remede: Nre Seign' le Roi, eu sur ce plein Jelibacion & avisement ove son g'nt conseil, [a la re.quest des Prelatz, gÕntz & coes esteantz en mesme le plement,1] ad ordeigne q [lestaple de Caleis1] soit de out ouste; & lestaples des leins, peaux lanuz & quirs du roialme DenglePre, soient tenuz es lieux souzes- criptz, cestassavoir; a Neofchastel sur Tyne, Kynges- ton sur Hull, Seint Bothulf, Jememutfi, Quenesburgh, Westm, Cicestr, Wyncestr, Excestr, & Brustuyt; & lestaples Dirland & Gales es lieux ou ils estoient priniement ordeinez: et outre ce est ordeigne, q touz Marchantz aliens & denzeins, puissent franchement aler p toute EnglePre, Gales & Irland, & achater & ven- dre leins, peaux lanutz Sc quirs, & toutes autres mar.chandises a lour volunte, sanz null empeschement ou destourbance ; issint q nulles leins, peaux lanuz ne quirs passent hors du roialme DenglePre, Gales ne Irland, tanqils soient amesnez a les staples & illoeqs poisez, cokettez & custumez; & q touz les leins q sront amesnez a lestaple de Westm & Wyncestr

Õ Printed Copies omit.

1 les estaples de Caleys, &c. Printed Copies.

it

K

<*

t

I

i

soient entre marchant et marchant, ou marchant et autres, loialment poisez [plestandard ; '3 & chescunsak & sarplere dycelles leins, issint poisez ensealez souz Ies sealx des Meirs de les staples, & des Conestables, ou Meir & un des ditz Conestables: et q touz les leins issint seallez a Iestaples, 8c aussint quits, peaux lanuz qe vendrent illoeqes, paiez ent la custutne de lestaple, soient tesmoignez p bille, ensealle de seal* des Meirs de Iestaples & des Conestables, ou de Meir & un des ditz Conestables, & mesnez cestassavoir de lestaple de Westm au port de Loundres, et de Wyncesfr al port de Suthampton; 8c illoeqes soient les ditz leins auPsfoitz poisez, en psence de noz custumers & Coun- trerollours assignez en mesmes les portz ; et soit en- denture faite entre le Meir de lestaple k les Conestables, ou Meir & un des ditz Conestables, esteantz es ditz portz, et noz Custumers illoeqes, de toutes les leins issint poisez, & auxint des quirs & peaux lanuz q ven- dront a mesmes Iestaples pr passer illoeqes ; & mesmes ceux leins, 8c auxint quirs & peaux lanuz, custumez & cokettez, 8c les custumes ent duez paiez a noz Cus.tumers, en les ditz portz. Et mesmes les leins, peaux lanuz, & quirs, & touz autres leins, bien & loialment poisez, cokettez & custumez, en les autres portz & estaples suisditz, soient amesnez hors du dit Roialme & rres, p aliens quele pt q lor plerra a lor voluntes, & nemy p denzeins. Et si nul denzein face a len- contre encourge la forfaitÕe de les leins, quirs, & peaux lanuz, & demprisonement de son corps p trois ans, & outre soit reint a la volume le Roi; & soit la nief charge ove les ditz marchandises a qi qil soit forfait au Roi.

Item, come au plement tenuz lan quarrant second estoit ordeigne, q nul Engleis passeroit en Gascoign pr quere yyns illoeqes, mes q les vins fuissent amesnez en Engletre, p les Gascoignes & autres aliens ; & coment q la dit ordinance ad este p assay pfitable au toute le Roialme, nientmeins le Roi, a la request de son tÕsch fitz le Prince, q sad sovent pleint q ses sub.sides & custumes de vins, en sa Principalte Daquilaigne, ont este appetkes & amenusez, p cause q les Engleis ne yvenent p' achatre les vins, come ils soleient, 8c p tant demoert gÒnt ptie des vins nient venduz, voet 8c g"nt, del assent des Prelatz, gÕntz 8c coes, q touz Engleis, Irrois 8c Galeys, q ne soient artificers, puissent ffanchement passer en Gascoign pr quer vins illoeqes, trovant sufEceant seurtee avant son passage, devant les Meir 8c baillifs, ou baillifs la ou Meir nest, de la ville ou port ou il passera, qil achatera en Gascoign Cent tonelx de vin, 8c nientmeins, de ses biens ppres 8c dautrie, et les amesnera ou ferra amesner en Engle- tVe Gales ou Irland & null pt aillo's. Et si autre- ment soit fait p ascun Engleis, Gales ou Irrois, soient les vins, 8c les niefs amesnantz les ditz vins, forfaitz au Roi, 8c eit (Õ) la prison de un an, 8c outre soit reint a la volume le Roi. Et si ascun Engleis passe en Gascoign sanz trover riel, seurtee, encourge la for- faitÕe de touz ses biens dev's le Roi. Et soient les ditz seurteez ?tifiez 8c retoumez en la Chauncellerie le Roi, p les ditz Meir 8c baillifs, ou p baillifs ou Meir ny a, deux foith p an, cestassavoir a les oetaves de la Chaundeleur, 8c a la Goule Daust. Et si null Meir ou baillifs soeffrent ascun Engleis passer, tanqil eit trove tiel seurtee, ou sils ne ctifient en Chancellerie en maSe come dit est, encourgent lemprisonement de lo' corps dun an, 8c outre soient reintz a la volume le Roi.

Ô Interlined on the Roll. Õ chescun Printed Copies.

shall be betwixt Merchant and Merchant, or Merchants and other, lawfully weighed by the Standard ; and every Sack and Sarpler of the same Wools so weighed, sealed under the Seals of the Mayor of the Staple, and of the Constables, or Mayor and one of the Constables: And also that all the Wools so [weighed and] sealed at the Staples, and Leather and Woolfels that there shall come, the Customs of the Staples thereof paid, shall be wit.nessed by Bill, ensealed of the Seals of the Mayor of the Staple and Constables, or Mayor and One of the Constables, and brought [from1] Westminster to the Port of London, and from Winchester to the Port of Southampton ; and there the said Wools shall be another Time weighed in the Presence of our Customers and Comptrollers assigned in the same Ports: And an Indenture shall be made betweeen the Mayor of the Staple and the Constables, or Mayor and One of the Constables being in the said Ports, and our Customers there, of all the Wools so weighed, and also of the Leather and Woolfels, which shall come to the same Staple to pass there; (*) And the same Wools, Leather, Woolfels, and all other Wools, well and lawfully weighed, cocketted, and customed in the other Ports and Staples aforesaid, shall be brought out of the said Realm and Lands by Aliens, to what Part shall please them at their Wills, and not by Denizens. And if any Denizen do against the same, he shall incur the For.feiture of the Wools, Leather and Woolfels [so passed,] and of Imprisonment of his Body by Three Years, and moreover be ransomed at the KingÕs Will; and the Ship charged with the same Merchandises, to whom- soever he be, shall be forfeit to the King.

ITEM, Whereas in the Parliament holden in the xlij. Year, It was ordained, That no Englishman should pass into Gascoine to fetch Wines there, but that the Wines should be brought into England by the Gascoins and other Aliens; and though that the said Ordinance hath been by Assay profitable to all the Realm ; never.theless, at the Request of his dear-beloved Son the Prince, which hath oftentimes complained, that his Subsidies and Customs of Wines, in his Principality of Guion, have been abridged and minished, because that Englishmen do not come there to buy Wines, as they were wont, and by so much a great Part of the Wines be not sold, the King will and grameth, of the Assent of the Prelates, Great Men, and Commons, That all Englishmen, Irishmen, and Welshmen, that be not Artificers, may freely pass into Gascoigne, to fetch Wines there, finding sufficient Surety before his Passage, before the Mayor, (J) or Bailiffs where no Mayor is, of the Town or Port, where he shall pass, that he shall buy in Gascoine an Hundred Tons of Wines and not less, of his proper Goods and of others, and bring (') the same into England, Wales, or Ireland, and to no Place elsewhere. And if it be otherwise done by any Englishman, Welshman, or Irishman, the Wines, and Ships bringing the same Wines, shall be forfeit to the King, and every of them shall have One YearÕs Impri.sonment, and moreover be ransomed at the KingÕs Will. And if any Englishman pass into Gascoine without finding such Surety, he shall incur the For.feiture of all nis Goods to the King. And the said Sureties shall be certified and returned in the KingÕs Chancery, by the said Mayor and Bailiffs, or by the Bailiffs where no Mayor is, Two Times by Year, that is to say, at the Utas of Candlemas, and at the Gule of August. And if any Mayor or Bailiff' suffer any Eng.lishman to pass till he have found such burety, or they do not certify in the Chancery in the Manner as is aforesaid, they shall have One Year's Imprisonment of their Body, and moreover be ransomed at the KingÕs Will.

1 that is to say, from the Staple of

1and the same Wools, and also Leather and IVoolfels, shall le customed and cocleted, and the Customs thereof due be paid to our Customers in the said Ports.

3 and Bailiffs 4 or cause to be brought

Wools shall be exported by Aliens only.

Penalty on

Denizens

exporting.

II.

4a Edw. III. chapter 8.

Englishmen, tec. under certain Regulations may fetch Wine from Gascony.

VOL.I.

5G


The Statute 42 Edw. III. c. 8. not repealed, but auspended.

m.

Extortions ot the KingÕs Butler.

The KingÕs Butler shall take only the Wines named in his Warrant, and that within Ten Days.

IV.

Pardon of Offences in Forests.

Officers of the Forest excepted.

And it is not the Mind of the King, the Great Men, nor of ihe Commons, that the Ordinance made of the said Wines, the said xlii. Year, be repealed or ad- nulled, but shall abide in Suspence till a Man may see what Profit or Damage this present Grant hereafter shall do in the Realm. And the King will that the Gascoins and their Servants, [and all other,] whenso.ever please them, may come with their Wines into England, Wales, and Ireland as freely, and in the Man.ner as it was ordained in the said xlii. Year, or in any Time before.

ITEM, Forasmuch as the Great Men and Commons of the Realm before this Time, and now in this present Parliament, have grievously complained, for that the KingÕs Butler and his Lieutenants in divers Places and Ports of the Realm, have ingrossed and taken by Colour of their Office, for the House and Expences of the King, (') and by such Colour have arrested the Wines [which'] Merchants brought into the said Realm, and holden them so long in Arrest, that the Great Men [and Commons,] and other of the Realm, cannot thereof make their Purveyance, nor Merchants their Profit, and oftentimes by such Colour have ingrossed and taken of them so many [Tuns of] Wine, above that was needful for the King, that they have commonly sold the same, and thereof made their singular Profit, and as much as other Merchants and Vintners in the Realm, to the great Damage of the said Merchants and other: Whereupon the King desiring to ordain Remedy, of the Assent of the Great Men and Commons in this present Parliament, hath ordained, That the Butler, nor any of his Lieutenants, shall not buy, ingross, nor take, by Colour of their Office, nor in other Manner to their proper Use, nor of others, more Wines for the House and Expence of the King than they have in Command.ment, upon Pain of Imprisonment of their Bodies, and to be ransomed at the KingÕs Will: And as much as they shall take by Force of the said Warrant, shall be taken within Ten Days; and, that done, the Merchants of the said Wines may, and it shall be lawful to them, of the Remnant of the said Wines [another Time3 ] to make their Profit, notwithstanding any Arrest made upon such Wines by the Butler, or any of his Lieute.nants aforesaid.

ITEM, Because that the Commons of the said Realm have prayed the King, that it may please him, to pardon them of his special Grace, all the Trespasses done in the Forests in Times past; the King, having regard to the great Aids, which his said Commons have often.times done to him, and the Charges which they in sundry Manners have sustained, of his special Grace hath released and pardoned to his said Commons, and to every of them, every Manner of Trespass of Vert and Venison done before this Time in his Forests, and the Price and Forfeiture of Vert, and also all the Fines, Amerciaments, and Ransoms made or to be made by this Cause. And if any of the said Commons at this Time be arrested, imprisoned, or let to Mainprise for such Cause, they shall be incontinently released and de.livered free and quite,and their Mainpernors also; Except expressly the Justices, [Agistours, Chief Keepers,4] of Forests, Parks, and Chaces,as well in Fee as otherwise,and all Foresters, and Verdours, Regardours and Agistours, Lieutenants of Keepers, Under Foresters, and all their Servants, and Sellers of Woods and Underwoods, and all other Ministers of the KingÕs Forests, Parks, and Chaces ; whom the King will not to be comprised in this Pardon.

And therefore We command Thee, That thou do the said Ordinances to be cried and published in Cities, Boroughs, and Ports of the Sea, and all other Places within thy Bailiwick, as well within Franchise as without, in Places where to Thee shall seem convenient, and the same do to be firmly holden and kept according to the Form and Tenor of the same. [Dated, &c.5]

1 a greater quantity of wines than was meet or needful for the said House and expences ;

1 of M S. Tr. i. ifrom thma

4 Chief Keepers, and Keepers

Given under our great Sea! at Westminster the eleventh day of June in the year of our reign of England the forty-third\ and of France the thirtieth

In the same manner it was commanded to the several Sheriffs throughout England.

Et nest pas lentencion du Roi, des g'ntz, ne des cues q lordinance fait des vins Ian quarrant second susditÕ sou repellez ne anullez, einz demoerge en suspense tanq^lem verra quele pfit ou domage cest ^sem gC ferra au Roialme en temps avenir. Et voet ie Roi ~ les Gascoignes & lour Svantz, a toutes les foitz q J plerra. vienent ove lo' vins en EngletVe, Gales k lT\wi en manle & si Pnchement come il estoit ordeine eti le dit an quarrant second, ou en ascun temps devant.

Item p' ce q les gÕntz & coes du Roialme, avant ces heures, & ore en ce plement, se sont moult dure- ment pleintz, de ce q le Botiller le Roi & ses lieute- nantz en dieses portz & lieux du Roialme ont embracez & pris p color de loÕ offices, pr lostiel k despens du Roi, plus g*nt nombre des vins q mestier ou busoigne ne fuist pr le dit hostiel & despens, k p tiel color ont arestuz les vins de marchantz amesnez en dit Roialme, & tenuz si longement en arest q les g"ntz & auts du dit Roialme nont poeir faire loÕ p'veances ne les Marchantz lor pfit & sovent souz tiel color ont embracez & pris dev*s eux tant des vins outre ce q mestier nestoit pr Ie Roi, qils les ont coement venduz & ent fait lo' singuler pfit, auxi avant come auPs Marchantz ou vynters du Roialme, au gÕnt domage des ditz g'ntz, marchantz & au?s; sur quoi le Roi, desirrant ymettre remede ad ordeine del assent des ditz gÕntz & coes en ce plement, q le Botiller ne null de ses lieutenantz nachate, nenbrace nene pfigne, p color de lor offices nen autre manle, al lo' oeps ppre ne dautri, pluis des vins pr lostiel & despens du Roi qils navont en mandement, sur peine demprisonement de lo' corps & destre reint a la volunte le Roi: et qÕnq ils p*n- dront p force du dit garrant sra pris dedeinz x.jo's; & ce fait purront les Marchantz des ditz vins & bien lise a eux de remanant des vins deslors faire lo' pfit, nient contreesteant ascun arest sur tieux vins faitz p le Botiller ou ascun de ses lieutenants susditz.

Item, p' ce q les Coes du dit roialme ont priez au Roi q lui pluist pdoner a eux de sa gÕce especiale les tspasses faitz en forestes avant ces heures; le Roi, eant regard a les gÕndes eides q ses ditz Coes lui ont meintfoitz faitz, & a les charges qils ont soffertz en pluso's ma9es, de sa gÕce especiale ad relessez & pdonez a ses ditz coes & a chescun de eux, toute ma8e dc rspas de vert & de venison, faitz avant ces heures en ses ditz forestes, & le pris & forfait'e de vert, k auxi les fines ranceons & aiQciementz queconqes, faitz ou

(Faire p celle cause. Et si ascuns des ditz Coes au 'sent soient arestuz, emprisonez, ou lessez a meinprise tiel cause, soient meintenant relessez delivres f*nkes ; quites, & lor mainpno's auxi; forp's exp'ssement ustices Chief gardeins & gardeins de forest parks : chaces si bien en fee come autrement, & touz rrestiers, verders, regardo's, agisto's, lieutenantz des ardeins, souzforestiers & touz lo' svantz, & vendos e boys & subboys, & autres ministr qconq. de forest, ark, ou chace du Roi; les queux le Roi ne voet

stre compris en cest pdoun.

Et p'ceo vo9 comandons q les ordinances susditz

icez crier & publier, en Citees Burghs & portz ^ u leer, & toutes autres lieux en vre bailly, sibien ern* raunchise come dehors es lieux ou vo9 verrez q mieltz oit affaire, & les facez fermement garder & temr done la teno' et forme dycelles. Don souz^nreg eal, a Westm le xj. jo' de Juyn, lan de nre regn JengletVe quarrant tierce, & de France trennsme. Eodem modo mandatu est singulis vtcecomi

? Angt.

toi


j

( 393 )

mtj

OJSCU

fedt lotto*

*u Jl L, lo-r Õ

miwtiaj.

s*

^ajfflaia;

M

fflittj

itoaia

Çatt

^|B|

B! lit III

*foljl

oeaujs fatali dslusim t S3 3E-

nc

JO tBpEi

[to fit

kfllHiH

tin Gait

i g stto: daaiji ,E8 a: it a iat tie rniia ÈBl

Is ciftaKS65

nti^S

o^nsl*

aai^ ft Dotš*?

p,*kt*

. Faint ^

¥JmiiIs

Anno 46¡ ED WARD I, III. A.D. 1370-1.

In Margine Rotuli.

£>tatutu De anno quaDragegtmo qirtnto iReg' &, teretj.

STATUTE of the Forty-fifth Year of King EDWARD III.

Ex magno Rot. St at. in Turr. Lond. m. i.

AU piement somons a Westm, lundy en la prinie simaigne de quarresme, lan du regne le Roi Edward, tiercz puis le conquest, quarrante quint; entre au?s choses estoit ordeine & establi, q la g*nde CfTre k la Chartre de la foreste soient tenuz et gardez en touz pointz.

Itm, come en lestatut fait a Westm Ian vint quint, entre au?s choses estoit ordeine & accordee q porce q coes passages des niefs & bateux en les g*ntz Rivers UenglePre si feurent soventfoitz destour- bees p le lever des gortz, molyns, estankes, estaches & kideulx, en g*nt damage du poeple, accorde feust & establi q touz tieux gortz, molyns, estankes, estaches & kideulx q feurent levez & mys en temps le Roi laiel & depuis, en tieux Riv*s, p queux les niefs & bateulx feurent destourbeez qils ne poent passer come ils soleient, froient oustees & nettement abatuz, saunz estre relevez; & Õsroient s' ce briefs maundez as vis- contes des lieux ou mestir froit de s'veer k enquere & de faire ent execucion, & aussint q Justices froient s' ce assignez a toutes les foitz qil busoigneroit: & ja a la grevouse pleinte des g'ntz k cues faite en cest psent piement cotnpleignantz p lo' peticion q le dit estatut nest pas dueinent execut ne garde, solonc lef- feft dycele; est accorde & establi q le dit estatut en ce point soit tenuz & gardez solonc leffeft dycele: Ajoustant a ycele, q si nul tiele anusance soit abatuz p due pees, contenuz en le dit estatut, celi qi ferra relev* le dit anusance & de ce soit atteint duement, encourge la peine de Cent marcs dev*s le Roi, a lev* p estrete en Lescheqer; & autiele ley se tiegne danu- saunce faite p le enhancer des tieux gortz inolyns, Estanks, estaches et kideulx come p novel lev*.

Itm a la pleinte des ditz g"ntz k coes, monstranz p lo' peticion q come ils vendent leur gros boys dage de vint anns, [ou quarrante anns,'] ou de greinde age, as Marchantz au pfit de eux mesmes k en eide du Roi en sa guerre, psones k Vikers de Seinte esglise les ditz Marchantz empledent & tÕvaillent en Court cristien p' les dismes du dit boys el noun de ceste parole Silve cedue p quoi ils ne poeient vendre leur boys a vVoie pris, a g'nt damage de eux & de Roialme; est ordeine & establi q phibicion en ce cas soit g'ntee, k s' ce attachement, come ad este avant ces heures.

Itm est accorde & establi q nul imposition ou charge soit mys sÕ les Ieines pealx lanuz ou quirs, autre q la custume & subside g'ntez au Roi nulle pt saunz assent du piement; et si nul soit mys soit repelle & tenuz p' nul.

1 Printed Copies omit.

A

T the Parliament summoned at Westminster the Monday in the First Week of Lent, the Five and of0"),1ª*"0'1

fortieth Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third, Charters. [It is ordained,1] That the Great Charter and the Charter of the Forest be holden and kept in all Points.

The said

Statute

confirmed.

ITEM, Whereas in the Statute made at Westminster, II. in the Five and twentieth Year, amongst other Things F^'T-

it was ordained, That because the Common Passage of as to*Wears! Ships and Boats in the great Rivers of England, were recited, often disturbed by the levying of Wears, Mills, Stanks,

Stakes, and Kiddles, [which were levied and set up in the Time of the KingÕs Grandfather,] in great Damage of the People ; it was accorded and established, That all the Wears, Mills, Stanks, Stakes, and Kiddles, which were levied and set up in the Time [aforesaid,1] and after, in such Rivers, whereby the Ships and Boats were disturbed, that they might not pass as they were wont, should be [cut,3] and wholly pulled down without repairing; and thereupon Writs should be made and sent to the Sheriffs of Places where it should be needful to survey, enquire, and to make thereof Execution, and also that Justices be thereupon assigned at all Times when Need shall require: And now at the Grievous Complaint of the Great Men and the Commons made in this present Parliament, complaining by their Petition, that the Statute is not duly executed nor kept, according to the Effect of the same: It is accorded and established,

That the said Statute in this Point be holden and kept according to the Effect of the same; joining thereto, that if any such Annoyance be [done, it shall be4] pulled down by due Process contained in the said Statute, [and'] he that shall repair the same Annoy.ance, and thereof be duly attainted, shall incur the r/p"Õr'aff¡r Pain of an Hundred Marks to the King, to be levied Weirs, &c. by Estreats of the Exchequer ; and the like Law shall *&Ç; due hold of Annoyance made by enhansing of such Wears,

Mills, Stanks, Stakes, and Kiddles, as by the new levying. "ri¡ Ô

ITEM, At the Complaint of the said Great Men HI. and Commons, shewing by their Petition, That whereas prÒl,l.b!,ioÓ they sell their Great Wood of the Age of Twenty Years, Conn^io (s) or of greater Age, to Merchants to their own Pica fÇ>r Profit, or in Aid of the King in his Wars; Parsons Tithe and Vicars of Holy Church do implead and [draw6] of

the said Merchants in the Spiritual Court, for the Years**

Tithes of the said Wood in the Name of this Word, Growth. called Sylva ca:dua; whereby they cannot sell their Woods to the very Value, to the great Damage of them and of the Realm; It is ordained and established, That a Prohibition in this Case shall be granted, and upon the same an Attachment, as it hath been used before this Time.

ITEM, It is accorded and established, That no Im- IV. position or Charge shall be put upon Wools, Woolfels, No and Leather, other than the Custom and Subsidy granted Atw.!ª c. to the King, in no Sort, without the Assent of the Par- without liament; and if any be, it shall be repealed and holden Assent of for none.

1 after the Conquest, among ether things it was ordained and established * of the KingÕs Grandfather 1 out

Parliament.

. Omit these Words.

' or Forty yean

¥ molest

Practising Lawyers and

Sheriffs

shall not be returned to Parliament as Knights of the Shires.

'y^'HEREAS Men of the Law who follow divers Businesses in the King's Courts on behalf of private Persons, with whom they are, do procure and cause to be brought into Par.liament many Petitions in the Name of the Commons, which in no wise relate to them, but only the private Persons with whom they are engaged; Also Sheriffs who are common Officers for the People, and ought to be abiding in their Office, for the doing Right to every one, are named, and have heretofore been and returned to Parliament Knights of the the Shires, by the same Sheriffs; It is accorded and assented in this Parliament, that hereafter no Man of the Law following Business in the King's Court, nor any Sheriff for the Time that he is Sheriff, be returned nor accepted Knights of the Shires; nor that they who are Men of the Law and Sheriffs now returned to Parliament have any Wages -, But the King willeth that Knights and Serjeants of (he most worthy of the County be hereafter returned Knights in Parliament; and that they be defied in full County.

Ex Rot. Pari. 46 Ed. III. m. t. nu. 13.* *

PURCE q Gentz de ley q p'suent dieses busoigne* en les Courts le Roi pr singulers psones ove queux ils sont, peurent & font mettTe plusotirs peticions en plementz en nou des coes, q rien lour touche mes soulemet les singulers psones ove queux ils sont demorez; Auxint Viscontz q sont coes Ministres au Poeple & deivent dem'er s' lor Office pur droit faire a checuny, sont nomez & ont este devant ces heures & reto'nez en plementz Chivalers des Countees p mesmes les Viscontes ; est acorde & assentu en cest plement, q desormes nu# home de ley p'suant busoignes en la Court le Roi, ne Vis- cont pr le temps qil est Viscont soient reto'nez ne acceptez Chivalers des Countees, ne q ces q sont gentz de Ley & Viscontz ore reto'nez en plement eient gages. Mes voet le Roi, q Chivalers St sjantz des meulz vaues du paies soient reto'nez desore Chi- valers en plementz, & qils soient esluz en plein Countee.

JTI.UO.W. yrcinmd Uta of ihe Statute. publi.hcd b, C.ã tnga.he, wi.b .c.cml of .be Fobª. <

Year The R " . " ,hc Answers arbitrarily telrflrd front there entered on the Parliament Roll of thir

I. .. nted T e'". Õ Õ i""0d"Cing P"i,iÓÔ - ....................... "Ç ¥ one of the O,din,nee.' of .hi. P.rlhmm,

,e C n , ". " 'ht ^ M È oited a. tnoh in Colonel Sidney'. Trial,

¥ in Ard fÒp : "TÓ'' * WÔ"' - Ç-È¥ Wta. I. thn. termed . one of the Ordinance.' b, C.y. ntf

i o ar lament y ord Coke, t. a Petition with the King'. Anawer thereto, * Le Roi le root.' relating to the Search

" ã ¡' RtÔÒr'1Õ' Parliamen, Roll ru. ã s bul i( jã, Aa ã ãã

""to e in orm, on the Suture Roll or otherniae, either upon that Petition, or upon any of the other Petition, which hare he Cause assigned for the Insertion of such Petitions and Answers in this particular Instance by Cay, would app y 'O many other Petitions and Answers entered on the Parliament Rolls, which are incidentally considered as Statute, by o e ami other Writers ; but none of which are found enrolled in the Form of Afts, or inserted in any Printed Edition. . ' ^le ^ns,rumcnt printed in the Text, is expressly stated on the Parliament Roll, m.l. nu. 13, to be an Ordinance

rliamcnt, and having been printed by Cay is therefore here reprinted, with a Translation thereof.

v

N

'*>

s

Ç¥*

a*.

ÇBki

'rfi

ibdl

IBÈ!

iÈii

*Çn

delta

bit

itfcr

Mi

Hite

fa.i

Hi

.m

Ml

A*

jgfl

rib

Iks

€>tatutu De anno jrHrij ft. 6. tÕctf.

STATUTE of the Forty-seventh

Ex Lib. Scacc. fVestm. X*

1 LA greve compleint de la coialtee du roialme DengletVe p lor peticion mys en cest p'sent plement tenuz a Westm lendemayn de Seint Esmond le Martir, lan du regne le Roi Edward tierce qarant Cm jm_ septisme; Compnant les damages & pdes qaveignent as g*ntz & tout la coialtee de ceo q les draps de leyn faitz en Engletre, sibien draps de colour come des raies, ne tiegnent en longure & laeure come soloient; est acorde & assentu p le Roi Prelatz g'ntz & coes en mesme- le plement'] q les draps affair en Englet re [soient de la mesure qensuit; cestassavoir les draps !] du Ray [de1 * 3] la longure de xxviij. [aunz *] mesurez p la list [& v. quartrs de laeure;3] Et le drape de color xxvj. [aunz4 *] de longure mesurez p le doos & vj. quarters de laeure au meyns: Et q demye drap, soient de raye ou color, tiegnent la longure & la laeure avantditz solonc lafferant. Et si nul drap [de Ray ou de colo' ou demy drape6] soit mys a vente aps la Goule daust [pchein avenir q ne conteignent tiel me.sure soit meyntenant forfait7] au Roi en qi mayns qil soit trove [au Roi: Et nest pas lentent du Roi les g*ndz & coes8] q les draps q gentz font a lour oeps demesne, ou a lor meignee, ou pr vendre as meindrez gentz q ne ^ront forfaitz tout ne soient ils de tiel mesure.

CaÕ" Scdm. Item [* pr ceo q les gentz descoce p lour sotiltee ont treit la bone monoie dargent hors DengletVe, & Ion mys en lo' coigne au meyndre Value q la moneye DengletVe est, & issi court en paiement en dit roialme DengletVe a gÒndz (ÕÓ) & deceit du Roi be des g*ntz & de tout la coe, est ordeigne & acorde "] q la monoie de quatre deniers Descoce soit mys a co'ge en value de trois deniers, & de meindre monoie solonc la quantite. Et si p cas celle monoie descoce soit empeiree soit celle monoie issint empeire mys au meyndre price solonc la quantite de lempeirement.

1 Prinlme' est accorde,

Õ Lit. Scacc. IX. & Printed Copies omit.

3 eient < ulnes

1 & la laeure de vj quar?s. The Petition in Rot. Pari.

47 Edw. III. nu. 15. reads & v. quart's de laeure.

6 Lib. Scacc. IX. Ltf Printed Copies omit.

Õ qi ne soit dassise av*ntdit soit forfait

¥ sauve 9Ñ" est acorde

10 damage Rot. Pari. 47 Edw. III. nu. 18.

Year of King EDWARD, III.

T the grievous Complaint of the Commonalty of the Realm of England, by their Petition delivered in this present Parliament, holden at Westminster, on the Morrow of Saint Edmund the Martyr, in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King Edward the Third : Concerning the Losses and Damages which happen to the Great Men and all the Com.monalty, from this, that the Woollen Cloths made in England, as well Cloths of Colour as of Ray, hold not their Length and Breadth as they were wont; It is accorded and assented by the King, Prelates, Great Men, and Commons in the same Parliament;']

THAT the Cloths [of Ray to be made in England, asi\J 0f shall have the Length *] of xxviij. Yards measured by cloths, the List, and the Breadth of [vj.J] Quarters; and the Cloth of Colour of the Length of xxvj. Yards measured by the Back, and the Breadth of vj. Quarters at the least: And that the Half Cloth, be it of Colour or of Ray, shall hold the Length and Breadth aforesaid, after the Rate. And if any Cloth (*) be put to Sale after the Gule of August, (¥Õ) that is not of the said Assise, it shall be (6) forfeit to the King, in whose Hands soever it be found : [Saving7] the Cloths which People make for their own Use, or for their [Men,8] or to sell to [less9] People, [which shall not be'¡] forfeit although they be not of such Measure.

[" ITEM, For that the People of Scotland by their Sub- tlety have drawn the good Silver Money out of England, and have made their Coin of less Value than the Money of England is, and so it passeth in Payment in the said Realm of England, to the great Damage and Deceit of the King arid of the Great Men and of all the Commonalty; It is ordained and accorded,"]

That the Scottish Groat shall be current of the Currency of Value of iijd. and of less Money according to the Quan- d]e Scottish tity : And if per-case this Scottish Money be impeired, roltÕ the Money so impeired shall be set at a less Price, after the Quantity of the impeiring.

1 Printed Translations readt First, It is accorded,

* to le made in England, shall be of the measure followings that ts to sayt Cloths of Ray of the length

3 Jive 4 of Ray or Colour, or Half-Clods

* next coming, 6forthwith

I And it is not the Intent of the King, the Great Aden, and the Commons, as to

8 Meynyc v poor 10 that they shall be

II Printed Translations read, Item, it is accorded,

* Another Copy of this Statute is in Lib. Scacc. Westm, IX. of which the Various Readings are given in the Notes. That Copy is not so correct or full as the Text now piinted. The Old Printed Copies are in like Manner deficient, and agree in the Various Readings noted.

VOL. I.

5 H

Go gJe

m pÕDonaco tb5 $ grÕts ftÕte pÕ &ege CotÕtatt regnt gut 2Cngr; anno qutnquagestmo &egÕ Û. tÕctt.

Of the PARDONS and GRACES,

Granted by the King to the Commonalty of his Realm of England; In the Fiftieth Year of King EDWARD, III.*

i.

Liberties of the Church confirmed.

II.

Charters

confirmed.

III.

The KingÕs Pardon to the People, in the Year of his Jubilee.

BY the Assent of the Prelates, Dukes, Earls, Barons, and other assembled at the Parliament holden at Westminster, at the Fifteenth of St. Hillary, the Year of the Reign of our Lofd the King that now is, of England the Fiftieth, and of France the Seven and thirtieth ; the same our Lord the King much desiring that the Peace of his Land be well kept, and his faithful Sub.jects in Quietness and Tranquillity maintained, hath therefore made and established certain Ordinances, and also granted certain Graces and Pardons to his Com.mons of England, in the Form as hereafter followeth: Which Ordinances, Pardons, and Graces he will, for the Honour of God and of Holy Church, and Quiet.ness of the same his People, they be firmly kept and holden in all Points.

FIRST, It is ordained and established, That Holy Church have all her Liberties and Franchises in Quiet.ness, without Impeachment or other Disturbance.

ITEM, That the Great Charter, and the Charter of the Forest, be firmly holden and kept in all Points.

ITEM, Our Sovereign Lord the King, considering the great Charges and Losses which his said People have had and suffered in Times past, as well by the Wars, as otherwise by the Pestilence of the People, Murrain of Beasts, and the Fruits of the Land commonly failed by Evil Years in Times past, whereof our Sovereign Lord the King hath great Compassion, and for so much wil.ling [in this Parliament now this present Year,'] to do them greater Grace than ever he did before, for as much as this Year is rightfully the Year of [his] Jubilee, or the Year of Grace of his Reign aforesaid accomplished, whereby his said Commons may the better recomfort themselves, and thereby have the greater Courage to do well hereafter; and also our said Sovereign Lord the King having in Memory, how that in the Year of his Reign of England, the xxxvj. which was the 1. Year of his Birth, he made a Grace and Pardon to his said Commons of England, pardoning them ol all Escapes of Felons, and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Tres.passes, Negligences, Misprisions, Ignorances, and many other Articles of the Eyre, and other Things fallen and chanced within the same Realm of England, whose Punishment lieth in Fine or in Ransom, or in other pecuniar Pains, or Imprisonment, or in Amerciament of the Commons of Towns or of singular Persons, or in Charge of their Freehold that never trespassed, as Heirs or Land Tenants of Eschetors, Sheriffs, or Coroners at the KingÕs Suit, willing and granting

' nowe in this present yeere 1. of his Reigne of Inglond, MS. Tr. 2.

Ex magno Rot. Stat. in Turr. Lond. m. i.

DEL assent des Prelatz Dues Countes Barons & autres assemblez au plement tenuz a Westm a la quinszeine Seint Hiller, lan de regne nre f' le Roi DengletVe cynquantisme, & de France trent sep- tisme, meisme nre 4' le Roi desirant molt q la paix de sa tVe soit entierment garde, & ses foialx subgiz en quiete & t'nquillite maintenuz, si ad p tant fait & establiz Heines ordinances & auxint ottroiez Cteinesg'ces & pdones, a sa coe DengletVe, en la fourme q sensuit; les queles ordinances pdones & g'ces il voet qal hon'e de Dieu & seinte esglise, & quiete de meisme son poeple, soient fermement tenuz & gardez en touz pointz.

Priniement est ordeigne & establi, q seinte esglise eit ses libtees & franchises en quiete, [sanz empesche- ment'] ou destoÕbance ascune.

Item q la g"nt Chartre, & la Chartre de la Foreste soient fermement tenuz & gardez en touz pointz.

Item nre dit 4 Õ le Roi, eiant consideracion a les tsg'ntz chargez & pdes, les queux son dit poeple ad eux & portez ceo enarere, sibien pmy les guerres come augment p pestilence des gentz morine des bestes & les fruitz de la Vre comunement failitz p malveis anees devant ceste heure, dont nre dit 4' le Roi si ad g*nt compassion, & p tant leur veularn ore en cest psent an cynquantisme de son dit regne Dengletre faire greindre g'ce qil ne leur fist unqes devant, a cause q cost an si est droitement lan de Jubile, ou lan de g'ce de son regne avantdit accompli, pont sa dite coe se p'ra le mieltz recomforter, & ent aient le greindre coer de bien faire en temps avenir; et auxint nre dit 4' le Roi aiant en memotre coment en lan de son dit regne Dengletre trent sisme q feut lan de son neestre cynq'ntisme il fist g nt gÕce &l pdon a sa dit coe Dengletre, leur pdonant alors touz eschaps des felons, & chateux des felons & dcs futifs, tspa1.ses negligences, mesprisions & ignorances, & pluseurs auts articles de Eire, & auts choses eschuz ou avenuz deinz le Roialme Dengletre, dont le punissement cherroit en fyn ou en rauceou, ou en auts peines pe- cuniers, ou augment en emprisonement ou en anJcie- ment des cues des villes, ou des singulers psones, ou en charge de frank tenement de ceux q unqes ne tspas- serent, come heirs, ou tre tenantz des Escheto's, Vis- countz & Corons, a la suite le Roi, veullant & g'ntant

1 Interlined on the Roll.

¥ In all Printed Copies this Statute is ascribed to the Fiftieth Year of this Reign ; and in the Body of the Statute it is stated to have passed in that Year. But it appears from Rot. Pari. 31 Etiw. III. that the Parliament in which this Statute was made, was begun to be holden in Fifteen Days of Saint Hilary, which was the Tuesday next after the Conversion of Saint Paul, in the beginning of the Fifty-first Year of this Reign. See also Rot. Pardonutionum 51 Eiiiu.III: and further Rj.Siat.Rii.il m 2f. na. x. and Rot. Purl. 1 Rio. II. tn. 13. nu. lviij. 99, where this Pardon is referred to as granted in the Fifty-fir^t Year.

AD 1376-7-

50¡ Edw. III. c.3.

397

k

¥toll*

s

P*i

atop

.i*

Volk *ÇÇ ' SB*

1*8

12S1B

il.!s

M

baa

kpi

pi

stisa

bp

tkll

IKS!

si?

*Ç

(*È E B

r;e*

*sÈ<

fai;

ip!i m js

fcV

ae;

*s

a*

!ÇÈ

l!È

tt>

B*

ik:

alors q mesme sa Coe ent feussent outWnt des- chargez tanq, al xiijme jo' Doftofer le dit an trente sisme, a quele jor mesme le pdon se fist come pluis au pleiu est contenuz en icelle : Voet & g*nt, al hono' de Dieu q si longement lui ad suffert regS sur mesme son poeple, en tante de pspite, q mesme sa Coe Den- gle?re, & chescune singulere psone dicelle, du quele- conq, estaf ou condicion qils soient, sibien petitz come g*ntz, aient ores & enjoisent autiels g*ces & pdon des toutes choses comprises deinz le pdon avantdite, eschuz ou avenuz del dit xiijm* jo' Doflofer tanq, al comence- ment de cest p>sent an cynqÕntisme. Et outre ceo, nre dit 4' le Roi ad ensement pdonez & relessez a sa Coe avantdite, toutes manls des douns alienacions & pÕchaces, faitez p eux ou ascun de eux des tVes & teiitz tenuz de lui en chief, saunz licence du Roi; & toutes manls des entrees si ascuns eient faitz en leur heritages aj?s la mort leur ancestres, saunz les p'suer hors des mayns le Roi p due pcesse, tanq al comence- ment de mesme lan cynqÕntisme , forpris ceux tehtz queux sont alienez a mort main &c ceux tentz auxint q sount ore seisiz es mains nre #' le Roi p causes des deux alienacions & entrees : Et. auxint lour ad entier- ment pdonez & relessez toutz *yns aniciementz issues forfaitz reliefs & escuages, faitz eschuz ou avenuz deinz mesme le Roialme denglefre; Sr avec ceo toutes manls des dettes & accomptes, tanq, al an del regne nre dit $' le Roi Denglefre quarrandsme ; & auxint touz manls daccions & demandes, queux il yad ou p'ra avoir, p lui soul ou augment joint ovesq^ au?s psones, envs nully de sa dite Coe, sibien a cause de mesmes les accomptes & dettes, come au?nient a cause de passage des leynes, quyrs, pealx lanuz ou au?s iSchandises, as pties de dela encontre les defenses & ordinances ent faitz, si bien en covWe & en noun des Marchauntz, ou p color des patentes g*ntes a Durdraght ou aillo's depdela, come p autre voie quel- conq, p celles causes, & sibien du temps Waut de Chiriton & ses compaignons nadgairs feriQs des sub.sides & custumes, come en au? temps tanq al an de son dit regne Dengle?re quarrandsme j forpris ceux dettes queux sount adjuggez p seisyn des tres ou tentz ou attminez en au? manle; & horpns celles dettes q luy sont duez du jPsent, p ascuns qont este Viscontes, Escheto's, Coillo's des custumes & subsides xm" ou xvmÓ, fernis des Manoirs, Vitaillers, & au?s qont este en gÕntz offices ovesq^ le Roi devant ceste heure, les queux sont unqores en pleine vie. Et auxint nre dit f' le Roi leur ad pdonez getialment la suite de sa paix p' toutes manls des felonies faitz ou ppetrez avant le comencement del dit an cynq*nusme, ovesqs les Utlagaries si nullez en eux soient p celles enche- sons pnuncies; exceptes tantsoulement tresons, mur- dres, coes larons, & rapes des femes. Mais toutes voies il nest mye lentencion nve (' le Roi [ q Sire Wil.liam de Wykham Evesq, de Wyncestre, nenjoise riens des dites g'ces & pardons, naucunement soit com- pris en ycell; ne q ascuns enjoisent'] riens de la dite g*ce des pdons des felonies, sils nent p'suent leur chartres en especial, pentre cy & la Nativite Seint lohn Baptistre pchein vepant.

'q ascuns enjoisent Rot. Pardon. 51 Edw. III. omitting tuhat relates to the liishof of Winchester j Òwherewith the Old Printed Copies agree.

, q Sire Will'm de Wykeham Evesq, tie Wyncestre, soit J compris deins les pardon & g*ce avantditz, nenjoisse rienz dycelles; ne q null autre enjoisse Rot. Pari. Jl Edw.III. m. 7. ntt.vj.

ã Several ancient MSS. agree with Rot. Stat. U Rot. Pari.

[another Time,1] that the same hi* Commons should be thereof utterly discharged till the xiij. Day of Oftober, the said xxxvj. Year, at which Day the same Pardon was made, as more plainly is contained in the same: Will and granteth to the Honour of God, which so long hath suffered him to reign over the same his People in (*) Prosperity; that the same his Commons of England, and every singular Person of the same, of what Estate or Condition that they be, as well Small as Great,-shall have now and enjoy all such Graces and Pardons of all Things comprised within the said Pardon, fallen or chanced from the said xiij. Day of Ottober, till the beginning of this present I. Year. And Moreover, our said Sovereign Lord the King, hath pardoned and re.leased to his said Commons, all Manner of Gifts, Alienations, and Purchases made by them or any of them, of Lands and Tenements holden of him in Chief, without the King's Licence; and all Manner of Entries, if they have made any, in their Heritage after the Death of their Ancestors, without suing them out of the KingÕs Hands by due Process, till the beginning of the sathq Fiftieth Year, except those Tenements which be aliened into Mortmain, and those Tenements also which now be seised into the KingÕs Hands, because of (J) Alien.ations and Entries: And (J) hath wholly pardoned and released all Fines, Amerciaments, Issues, Forfeits, Reliefs, and Escuages made, fallen, or chanced within the same Realm of England ; and also all Manner of Debts and Accompt9 till the Fortieth Year of [his Reign;5] and also all Manner of Adions and Demands, which he hath or may have by him Sole, or else jointly with other Persons, against any of his said Commons, as well for the Cause of the same Debts and Acoompts, as otherwise because of Passages of Wools, Leather, and Woolfels, or other Merchandises to the Parts beyond the Sea, against the Defences and Ordinances thereof made, as well privily and in the Name of the Merchants, or by Colour of Letters Patents granted at Drodagh, or elsewhere beyond the Sea, as by any other Way for these Causes, and as well of the Time of Walter of [Charlton,6] and his Fellows late Fermora of the Sub.sidy and Customs, as in other Times, till the Fortieth Year of his said Reign of England; except all the Debts that be judged by Seisin of Lands or Tenements, or [to be determined7] in other Manner; and except the Debts that be now at this Time due unto him by any that have been Sheriffs, Eschetors, Colleftors of Customs and Subsidies, Dismes and Quinzimes, Fermort of Manors, Vi&uallers, and other that have been in Great Offices with our Sovereign Lord the King in Times past, which be yet [in plain Life.'] And also our Sovereign Lord the King hath generally pardoned them the Suit of his Peace, for all Manner of Felonies done or committed before the beginning of the said Fiftieth Year, with the Outlawries if any [be in them*] by such Enchesons pronounced : Except always Trea.sons, Murders, Common Thefts, and also Rapes of Women. But always it is the KingÕs Mind [ Òthat Sir William Wikham, Bishop of Winchester, shall nothing enjoy of the said Graces, [Grants,"] and Pardons, nor in no wise be comprised within the sarhe; nor that none shall enjoy '*] any Thing of the said [Graces or'*] Pardons of Felonies, unless they pursue their Charter* in especial, betwixt this and the Nativity of Sr. John Baptist next coming.

1 then * so much > such * also

5 the reign of our said Sovereign Lord the King, of England /

6 Chiriton 1 determined 11 alive MS. Tr. %.

9 such there he

All Printed Translations agree in this Reading :

MS. Tr. t. reads thus :

But alwey it is nat thentencioun of the Kyng our Lord that any Man enjoie

" Not in Original. ,J grace of MS. Tr. i.

IV.

Prohibition shall not be allowed, after Con.sultation granted.

V.

Priests and Clerks shall not be arrested during Divine Service.

VI.

Fraudulent

Assurances of Lands or Goods to deceive Creditors, declared void.

VII.

Exporting of Woollen Cloths unfulled.

VIII. Irish Frize except from Subsidy.

See Statute 47 Edou. Ill-

ITEM, It is ordained and stablished of the said Assent, That Whereas a Consultation is once duly granted upon a Prohibition made to the Judge of the Holy Church, that the same Judge may proceed in the Cause by virtue of the same Consultation, notwith.standing any other Prohibition thereupon to him deli.vered : Provided always, That the Matter in the Libel of the said Cause be not engrossed, enlarged, or other.wise changed.

ITEM, Because that Complaint is made to our Lord the King, by the Clergy of His said Realm of England, that as well divers Priests bearing the sweet Body of our Lord Jesus Christ to Sick People, and their Clerks with them, as otherwise divers other Persons of Holy Church, whiles they attend to Divine Services in Churches, Churchyards, and other Places dedicate to God, be sundry Times taken and arrested by Authority Royal, and Commandment of other Temporal Lords, in Offence of God, and of the Liberties of (') Holy Church, and also in Disturbance of Divine Services aforesaid ; the same our Lord the King, who would be sore dis.pleased if any did in such Manner, will and granteth, and defendeth upon his grievous Forfeiture, That none do the same from henceforth ., So that Collusion or feigned Cause be not found in any of the said Persons of Holy Church in this Behalf.

ITEM, Because that divers People [inherit of di.vers Tenements, borrowing divers Goods in Money or in Merchandise of divers People of this Realm, do give their Tenements and Chattels to their Friends, by Col.lusion thereof to have the Profits at their Will, and after do flee to the Franchise of Westminster, of St. Martin le Grand of London, or other such privileged Places, and there do live a great Time with an high Counte.nance of another ManÕs Goods and (!) Profits of the said Tenements and Chattels, till the said Creditors shall be bound to take a small Parcel of their Debt, and release the Remnant; It is ordained and assented, That if it be found that such Gifts be so made by Col.lusion, that the said Creditors shall have Execution of the said Tenements and Chattels, as if no such Gift had been made.

ITEM, It is ordained and defended by our Lord the King, That no Woollen Cloths shall be carried into any Part out of our Realm of England before they be fulled; nor that any Subsidy be thereof demanded nor paid, before that they be fulled.

ITEM, It is ordained and established, That no Subsidy nor Aulnage shall be paid, levied, nor deman.ded of Cloths called Friseware, which be made in Ire.land, or otherwise in England of Irish Wool, brought within the Realm of England, because that those Cloths do not contain the Length and Breadth ordained by the Statute ; and for so much they ought not to be com.prised in the Statutes late made of Ray Cloths and coloured Cloths.

' bis 1 pollened by Inheritance * of the

Item est ordine & establi de lassent avantdit 5 la ou consultacion est une foitz duement g*umÕez j- phibicion faite a Juge de seinte esglise, q mesme' le Juge puisse pcedre en la cause p Vtue de mesme la consultacion, non obstante ascun autre phibicion s' ceo a luy bailie : Purveu toutesfoitz, q la madre en la libett du dite cause ne soit engrassee enlargee ou p autre ma9e chaungee.

Item p' ceo q pleinte est faite a nre f' le Roi, p |e clergie de son dit Roialme Dengle?re, q sibien diVses prestres, portantz le corps nre f' Jhu Crist as malades, Sc leur Clerks ovesq, eux, come augment plusoÕs au?s psones de seinte esglise, tantcome ils entendont as divines Õ3vices es esglises, Cimitoires, & au?s lieu* dediez a Dieu, sont pluso's foitz pris Sc arrestuz p au&orite roiale & comandement des auts Seign's tem- poreles, en offence de Dieu & de lifetee de sa seinte esglise, & auxint desto'bance des divines Õsvices avant- ditz; mesme nre f' le Roi, a qi meult despleroit a nully le fist en tiel maSe, voet & g*unte & auxint defende sr sa grevouse forfaiture q nully le face de. soremes ; Issint q collusion ou cause feyne ne soit trove en ascun des ditz psones de seinte esglise en celle ptie.

Item, pr ceo q dieses gentz enheritez des divÕses teiitz, creanceantz dieses biens en monoie ou en iSchandise des pluso's gentz de Roialme, donnent lour teiitz & chateux a lo' amys p collusion davoir ent les pfitz a leur volente, & puis senfuent a la fraun- chise de Westm, ou Seint Martyn le g*nt en Loun. dres, ou au?s tielx places privilegeez, & illoeqes vivent long temps a g*nt countenance dautry biens, & des pfitz des ditz teiitz & chateux, tanq, les ditz cre.ditor sront molt leez de p>nder une petite pcelle de lo' dette & relesser le remanant; ordeigne est & assentuz q si p'ra estre trovez q tielx douns soient issint faitz p collusion, q les ditz credito's eient execu- cion des ditz teiitz & chateux, auxi avant come nul tiel doun nent eust este fait.

Item ordeigne est & defenduz p nre f le Roi, q nulles draps de lejme soient amesnez nulle pt hors del roialme dengletrre, devant qils soient fullez; ne q nulle subside ent soit demande ou paie devant ceo qils soient fullez.

Item ordeigne est & establi q nulle subside ou aulnage soient paiez levez ne demandez des draps appellez Friseware, queux sount faitz en Irland, ou augment en Engletre de leynes Irreises amesnes deinz le Roialme DengletVe; a cause q celles draps ne con- tienent longeure & laieure ordeinee p estatut & p tant ne deivent estre comprises en les estatutz nad- gairs faitz des draps du Ray & du colour.

šnb of theStatutes of Sting CDUiarB ttjc CtrirD.


n. c.4.

¥8.

Item

^bicion tea

0DSU ld0". "on 0^% 00* loy bailie ¥ purÈÇ 800 ^ ttk

*utre channgee.

beš P ceo q pleinte cst fÈ, . clergK de son dit 1AL.*

5È.

portantz le corp,

k ^ Clerk, ov-X '*S

divines kÇ ã V Un,ciÈ' 4 u. H ,. 0 Cimkoim j, '1

P^-ofattdeDieuuCr

Ç?'Ç,& auxintdestoWcedeiV^

dnitnesmenfef kRoii .

jjhfatntid Jfci

rfÇnde sÕ a gimme firife;*., ÇnnnÇ; WqcoUuaofi^^^J' Ò.eundadittpM*^ 5 Jtem, p' ao q dirts pm oke*, J ªtx' diVses hiens en sm* r

nkhandise des plusoÕs gents de lour tentz & chateux a lo' amys p o|^k ent b pfitz a leur volant, it pm nfaili, chise de Westm, on Seint Maim leg^al, dres, ou auts tielx places pnrikgin,ik went long temps a g*nt countenaatiÈa, des pfitz des ditz tentz 4 datem, aq atj ditoÕs srorn molt lea de pnder m jeeplt IoÕ dene k relesser le mnamni; otijs 1 assentuz q si p'ra estre trovez \ tidximz issint fritz p collusion, q les ditz cretSttt'i ass don da ditz tentz & chateux, auxi am ki tie! doun nent eust este bit.

Item ordeigne est it defdut pml'tt nulla draps de bne soient amesna nsi p 1 del roialme denglette, devant ijils siš q nulle subside ent soil demande ou pae bi: qils soient fullez.

Item ordeigne est 4 estabi q ss aulnage soient paiez lerez ne demaak!ÈÈ appellez Frisrnrt, queux sount fc oftti auiment en Engletre de leynes lires c^- |e Roialme Dengletre; a ause <j Òto11 tienct, longeure k tore onto!*' ant ne deircnt estre composes at ks sc-

gjin fritz da draps duRar 4^'

j&ng

INDEX

OF PRINCIPAL MATTERS IN

THE STATUTES OF THIS VOLUME.

The General Index to the whole IVork will be found, to include the Index to this and every

separate Volume.

A.

abatement

Of Writ of Dower.

Of Appeal of Homicide.

Of Writ in.'Joint-tenancy.

Of Appeal of Felony.

By Exception of Non Tenure. By Exception of Villeinage.

Statute. Page.

Westm. 1 ; 3 E.I.e. 49. 38

Glouc; 6 £. I. c. 9. - 49

34 E.I. - - 146

Ordinances ; y E. II. c. 3d. 166

2J E. III. it. 5. c. 16. 322

37 E. III. c. 17. - 382

abbiea

Vacant, Custody of by the King.

' by the Patrons.

Foreign Impositions on, and Provis by the Pope, forbidden.

Common Seal of

Magna Carta ; c. y.

1 *5

14 E. III. st. 4. c. 4, y.

294

Magna Carta j c. 33.

1 *7

Carlisle; 35 JS. I. c. 4.

*5*

2y E. III. st. 4.

316

-------------st. y. c. 22.

323

38 E. III. st. 2. c. I.

386

35 E. E <¥ 4-

ÇSÇ

abjuration

By Trespasses in Parks, &c.

By Deer-Stealers.

By Felons fleeing to Sanfluary. By Ecclesiastics.

By Forestallers.

By Felons; their Oath.

Westm. 1 j 3 E.I.e. 20.

Carta de Foresta a c. 10.

Artie. Cleri j 9 E.II. st. I. c.IO. Id. ... r. iy. De Pistoribus ; Temp, insert.

31

121

*73

lb.

204

Abjur. Latronum. Temp, ineert. 2yo

accewarg

Outlawry of, in Appeal. Apprehension of, by Coroner. In false Appeals, how punished.

By Guardian in Socage.

By Bailiff's to their Lords.

Proceedings against Accountant Writ of Account for Executors. Accounts by Bailiffs, Sherif

in the Exchequer.

- Westm. 1 ; 3 £. I. c. 14.

3¡

- De Offle. Coron; 4 E.I. e.

I. 41

- Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I. e. 12.

81

accounts

( Provisionss; 43 H. III.

10

Mar lb. S2H.III. c. 17.

24

/ Provisionss, 43 H. 111. '\Marlb. y2 H. III. c. 23.

11

*4

1.

. Westm. 2 i 13 E.I. c. II.

80, 81

-Id. - c. 23.

83

gÈ

- Est at. de Escheb. Temp. ins.

>97

accusation

Shall be made according to Magna Carta chap. 29, and by due Process of Law

By false Suggestions to the King, forbidden.

Statute.

Page.

r5 E. III. e. 9.

267

f 15 E.III. it. 1. r. 3.

296

' 28 E. III. c. 3.

345

I 31 E. III. st. 4. c. 16.

362

L42 E. III. e. 3.

388

f 25 E.III. it. 5. c. 4.

321

1 31 E. III. St. 4. C. 12.

360

) 37 £. III. c. 18.

382

L38 E.III. st. 1. c. 9.

384

Statute of Merchants.

aftonÇ'BurneU

- 11 E.I.

abjournment

Into K. B. of Assises of Novel Disseisin.

Of Assises in the Circuit.

Of Parties, on Removal of C. P. - 2 E. III. c. 11.

Into K.B. by Justices of Nisi Prius,

in Maintenance. - - 4 E. III. c. tt.

Into Parliament, of difficult Cases. E III st' s ' e' i'

Dower forfeited by

aDuIterp

- Westm. 2; 13 E.I. t. 34.

53

- Magna Carta ; e. 12. 116

{Westm. 2 i 13 E.I. C. 30. 86

Ordin. prtHib. 17 E. II. c. 8. I94

259

264

282

320

aomeaffuremept

Process on Writs of Admeasurement

of Dower and Pasture. - Westm. 2', 13 E.I. c. 7. 77

. . ----on Overcharge of Pasture,

afterwards. - -Id. - c. 8. 78

Measure of an Acre of Land. - De admens, ter j Temp, ineert. 206

abminiitration

Of the Effe&s of Intestates by the

Ordinary. - - Westm. 2 j 13 E. I. e. 19. 82

--------- shall be granted by the

Ordinary to the next of Kin. - 31 E. III. st. 1. e. II. 3yi

5l

Digitized by


Or

atmotoson

Statute.

Page.

Writs of i Presentations on; Damages

in Quare-Impedit; Advowsons of Chapels, Tithes, &c.

Westm. 2; 13 E.I. e. 3.

75

Jews shall not hold Advowsons.

Estat. de Jeutrie ; Temp. inc.

221

Presentations to by the King, in his own, or anotherÕs Right. 1

r Prerog. Regis ; Temp. inc. c.io. I 14 E. III. it. 4. c. 2.

'25 E. III. st. 6. c. 1, 2.

226

293

325

Grant of by the King.

Prerog. Reg. Temp. inc. c. 17.

227

Usurpation of, by Provisions of (

' 25 E. III. st. 4.

3*7

the Pope. - - <

^38 E. III. st. 2. c. 1.

3Èi

afforestationš

Of Hen. II. Ric. I. and John,

disafforested. - - Carta de Foresta; r. I, 3. 120

Disafforested, Common relating to. Ordinatio Foreste; 33 E. I. 144

affrag

Of the Peace, by Riding armed,

&c.

Northampton ; 2 E. III. c. 3.

258

agistment

Ô Carta de Foresta ; c. 9.

121

Of a FreemanÕs Wood, within Forest. J

j Slat, de Finibus; 27 E.I.

127

Cons, ItfAss. de For -, Temp. inc.

244

amš

For Knighthood and Marriage.

Westm. I ; 3 E. I. c. 3 6.

35

To the King, shall be by common \ Assent in Parliament. - - J

Õ Confirm. Cart-, 23 E. I. c. J, 6. | Stat. deTallagio\ 25 E. I. c. I. 14 E. III. st. 2. c. l.

123

125

290

---------- Abuses in Taxing

1 E. III. st. 2. c. 6.

255

To knight the KingÕs Son,

or to marry his Daughter.

25 E. III. st. 5. c. 11.

322

aiD of tlje King

Where there is Warranty.

De Bigamis -, 4 E. I. c. 1.

42

Where there is no Warranty.

Id. - c. 2.

a.

In Dower for the KingÕs Grantee.

Id. - c. 3.

43

aiel

Writ of, the Tenants Answer in.

Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 20.

82

alienation

Of Lands by Freeholders.

Magna Carta; c. 32. Quia Emptores ; 18 E.I.

"7

10 6

to Religious Houses.

Magna Carta \ c. 36.

St. dt Virij Rt/igiosis ; 7 E.I.

118 5*

by Religious Houses.

Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I. c. 41.

9È

_________by Tenants for Years.

Westm. 2 j 13 E. I. c. 2J.

84

_______by Tenants in Curtesy

or Dower.

Glouc; 6 E. I. c. 3, 7. 47

> 48

holden of the King in Chief.

Prerog. Reg. c. 8, 9. Temp. inc.

226

________________Fine for.

1 E. III. st. 2. c. 12.

236

________________by Tenants of King

Henry III. confirmed.

34 E. III. c. ij.

368

aliens

Abbots, Priors, 8cc. restrained.

Carlisle; 35 E. I. c. 3, 4.

>5i

Escheats of Lands descended to

Prerog. Reg-, c. ij. Temp. inc.

226

Children of the King, or of Subjects 1 born beyond Sea, .inheritable. 1

: 25 E. III. st. 1.

310

£ 42 E. III. c. 10.

389

Juries, where Aliens are Parties.

C 27 E. III. st. 2. c. 8. £ 28 E. III. c. 13.

33<*

348

aims

Statute.

Withdrawing, by Religious Houses. Westm. 2 j 13 B. I. c 4,

t*

amentiment

Of Writ, abated during the Circuit. Of Errors, by Misprision of Clerks.

Westm. 2 { I3£/_ f la

14 E. III- n.i.e.6. .

amertements

Of Freemen, shall be reasonable, salvo contenemento, & c.

In EyTe ; for Default of Summons.

------------- of Townships, for Default

of Inquests.

. of Vouchee not appearing.

-------------on the County,

Assessment of.

On Disseisins, in London.

For Dogs unlawed in Forests.

Estreats of, into the Exchequer.

By Justices of the Peace.

In Presence of Pledges.

C Magna Carta-, c. 14 .

IWeitm. \ .,-i E. 1. c.6.

C Provisiones; 43 H. Ill I Marik-, 51 H. Ill c. 18. f Provisiones; 43 H. Ill l Mar lb-, jj H. Ill c. J4.

C Provisiones; 43 H. Ill (.Marlb-, 52 H. Ill c. 16.

. Westm. 1 ¥, 3 E.I. <-.18.

. Glouc} 6 E.I, c. 14.

_ C Carta dt Fornta; c. 6.

£ St. de Finibus j 27 E. I.

. Estat. de Eschek; Temp. inc.

¥ 34 E. HI. c. 1.

¥ 38 E. UL tt. 1. f. 3.

<3

Ç3

116

il

10

14

11

5S

ti

È5

3'

3¡

110

Ç*7

.9*

3<S

31}

ai>

0

G*Ç

tap

tbs

ta la

BK|

w

amobeas manum

Where Title not found for the King.

De Escaetoribus; 29 E. I.

*41

H Nil

I fin

apparel

I Older!

Foreign Cloths prohibited.

Who may wear Furs.

Of Servants, Handicraftsmen, ~l

11 E. III. c. 2.

Id. . c. 4.

37 is. III. c. 8, 9, 10, 11,7 12,13, 14.

283

A

3*¡

3Ç'

Esquires, Merchants, Knights, [¥ Clergy, &c. - -J

1 tads

I M

---------------------------------- repealed. .

38 E. III. c. 2.

3*3

appeals

Against Principals and Accessaries.

Westm. 1 j 3 E.I. e. 14.

3¡

Mi

Of Homicide, requisites of.

Glouc \ 6 E. I. c. 9.

49

------------------, by Women.

Magna Carta ; c. 34.

nl

Of Rape, Maim, 8cc. C

Offic. Coron; 4 E.I.

41

before the Coroner. - £

Stat. Excestre; Temp. ine.

111

In County Courts in Wales.

St.Wallie; llE.I.c.$.

5 <

I teick

Malicious, Punishment of.

Westm. 2 -, 13 E. I. c. II

81

-------------Writ of Odio & Atia, on.

Id. - - e. 29.

È5

------------- by Prisoners, on compul- C

1 E. III. st. 2. c. 7.

253

sion of Gaolers. - £

14 E. III. st. I. f. 10.

384

By Clerks, being Approvers.

Artie. Cleri; 9 E. II. st. I. >73

1 -1š

Bringing in the Appellees.

St. de Appellate \ 28 E. 1

'4'

j la til

appearance

fei

a

Of the Vouchee, in Eyre. - !

Provisiones; 43 H. III. Marlbr; 5 2 H. Ill- t- tC

II

u

Process to compel Appearance.

Westm. ujE.I.e. 4J.

37

Of Collateral Parties before Judgment.

| Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I. c. 3.

1 De defens. Juris; 20 E. 1

14

110

i 13

1 ri

appotta Beligtosorum

rS/. Carlisle; 35 E. I. ¥

150

163

316

Foreign Tribute by Houses of Religion, forbidden.

4 E. III. c. 6.

5 E. III. c. 3.

2 j E. III. tt. 4.

1

apportionment si

I ij

Of Services, on Alienation of Lands. Quia Emptorer, 18 E. /. c.t l0^

INDEX.

Withdraw

twiag,

Of Writ, abated jã.u

^ Circuit, if,.

5J

Of Freemen, tbaH be reaaaklf, iM^r, tabo conteoemento, See.

In Eyre ; for Default of Summons.

IHjU

-----------of Townships, fotDefakf

of Inquests. -iMplC --------of Vouchee not

-------on the Count],

Assessment of.

On Disseisins, in London.

For Dogs unliwed in Forests.

Estreats of, into the lichequet.

By Justices of the Peace.

In Presence of Pledges.

''It

KL

Õ '-Òijli,

¥ fclfllq

. u^:i

¥ Miffisi

¥ JfilEii..

Where Title dm found for the King,

r£Mii

Èi

Foreign Cloths prohibited. . nifflit Who may wear Furs. ¥ ¥ li . 4

Of Serrano, Handicraftsmen,

Esquires, Merchants, Knights,

CleTgr.fa.

-------------------------repealed. ¥ jlLiu

Against Principals and Accesssriei Of Homicide, requisites of.

------ bp Women.

Of Rape, Maim, Ac.

before the Coroner, h County Courts in Wales. Malicious, Punishment of.

----------Writ of Odio & Aria, on.

----------by Prisoners, on compul.sion of Gaolers ly Clerks, being Approrers (ringing in the Appellees

Via. i;jl!- Gkilibj

Jfqutrli.l

(OfeOwiai. | Si* £aBr; b1

Faul^ 1i . ¥¥ fikitt*

Llb*'

iiM

Of the Voocbee, in Eyre.

Process to compel Appearance. - Of CoUareraJ Parties before fodptwt ^

rt<'M

i&d

0Ôr

lai*Ò

approvement

Of Wastes, by Lords i

against their Tenants.

. . Ñ against Neighbours.

Of Lands, in Forests.

Of Farms of Counties, &c.

Statute. Page.

C Merton 20 H. III. c. 4. a

- £ Extenta Manrii; Temp. inc. 24a

- Westm. 3} 13 E. /. c. 46. 94

- Carta de Forest a; c. 12, 13. 121

- Northampton ; 2 E. III. c. 12. 250

armour anti armš

To be kept in every House, and viewed twice a Year.

Going armed, after Curfew in London. - to Parliaments and

Treaties.

---------------at Tournaments.

--------------- in Affray of the Peace.

Writings to attend the King armed, declared void.

Money levied for Arms, See.

None bound to find Men at Arms except by Tenure or Grant of Parliament.

f Wynton; 13 E. I. c. 6. 97

.} Articuli ejusdem ; Temp. inc. 246 (_ 2 E. III. c. 6. - 259

Slat. Civ. Lond\ 13 E. I. 10a

St. sup. Apart. Armorum; 7 E. II. 170 St. Armorum ; Temp. inc. 230 C Northampton ; 2 E. III. c. 3. 258

£ 25 E. III. St. 5. c. 2. - 320

I E. III. st. 2. c. 15. 10 E. III. st. 2.

25 E. III. st. 5. c. 8.

*57

278

321

arrwt

Of Nightwalkers, and suspend J !3Ô'e.'i.

rersons. - - - £j E.III. c. ,4.

Of Clerks, performing Divine Service, jo E. III. c. 3.

artitull contra pro&ibkÕ BegÕ.

Articles against the KingÕs

Prohibitions - - Circumsp. agatis ; 13 E. I.

articuli ouper Cartaš

The Great Charter, &c. confirmed. 28 E. I.

articuli Cleri

Articles for the Clergy. - - 9 E. II. st. 1.

articled of Inquiry

Upon the Conduct of Coroners.

97

102

268

398

136

È7*

In the Eyre,

delivering to Judges, Jurors, and Justices of the Peace.

Matters to be inquired of in Eyre. -

Ñ ---------------by Escheators.

-----------------------------in extending

and surveying a Manor.

Ñ -------------------------on the Statute

of Wynton.

Estat. de Excestre ; Temp. inc. 210 De Justic. assign 54 E. I. 44

Glouc ; 6 E. I. - 46

Sacr. Mm. Reg ; Temp. inc. 232 36 E. III. st. 2. - 377

Capitula Itincrisi Temp. inc. 233 Capitula Escactric \ Temp. inc. 238

Extenta Manerii; Temp. inc. 242

Artie.sup. Stat. Wynt\ Temp. inc. 243

Their Wages regulated.

Shall use only one Trade. Their Conspiracies prohibited.

artificerš

r 23 E. III. c. 5.

- < 23 E. III. st. 2. c. (34 E.III.c. 9.

- 37 E. III. c. 6.

- 34 E. III. c. 9.

3. 4-

308

312

367

379

367

In Forests.

aš*art

Statute,

C Carta de Foresta-; c. 4.

- ) Consuet. {5* Assise de For-, 7 l Temp. inc. - -5 43

30šag

Of Coin imported.

Of Gold and Silver Wares. Of Wines.

Of Weights and Measures.

( De falsa Monet a; 27 E. I.

>3*

Ò J De Moneta; Temp, inert.

219

C 18 E. I. c. 20.

140

' t37 E- HI- c¥ 7-

380

- 4 E.III.c. 12.

264

C 18 E. III. st. 2. c. 4.

301

'£31 E. III. st. 1. c. 2.

35¡

a*0i*eš

Of Mortdauncestor for the Heir. -

ÒI I

Of Novel Disseisin, &c. in the Circuit.

Of Darrein Presentment and Quare Impedit.

Of Novel Disseisin, 8cc. in Wales. - Taking of Assises in Lent, &c.

Grand Assise or Battle.

----------------in Gavelkind Tenures. -

Justices of Assise, Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol-delivery; their Assignment, Circuits, Jurisdiction, and Duty.

Provisions; 43 H. III. - 10

Marlb ; 32 H. III. c. 16. 23

Magna Carta; c. 12. - US

Westm. a; 13 E.I. 7 g g g6

*25,30. 5

Magna Carta ; c. 13. - 11 <5

Westm. 2; 13 E.I. c. 30. 86

Ebor ; 12 E. II. c. 4. - 178

St. Wallie; 12 E. I. c. 6, 7. 60, 62

Westm. I ; 3 E. I. c. JI. 39

Demag.Ass.&DueJhs-, Temp.inc. 218 Cons. Cantie-, Temp. inc. 224

Magna Carta; f. 12. 113

Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I.c. 30. 85

De Justic. assig ; 21 E.I. 112 27 E. I. c. 3, 4. 129,130

12 E. II. c. 3, 4- - 177. 8

Northampton; 2 E. III. 7 g 2(jQ

c. 2, 16. 3 5 Õ

4 E. III. c. 2, it, 12. 261, 264

5 E. III. c. 14. - 268

14 E. III. st. 1. c. 16. 286

20 E. III. c. 6. - 303

shall send their Records

into the Exchequer. ------------- their Oath.

9 E. III. st. 1. c. 3. 20 E. III. c. 3.

272

304

aš0i0e0 of (DQeigbt, 90ea0ure, anD dlalue.

Weights and Measures shall be uniform throughout the Realm.

Weights and Measures of various Articles.

Assise of Bread and Ale.

~Magna Carta ; c. 23.

23 E. III. st. 3. c. 9, 10. 27 A. III. st. 2. c. 10.

31 E III. st. 1. c. 2.

.34 £. HI- c- 5> 6.

1 f7 32! 337 35¡

365

C 200 inc. <201,2

L -03

. of Wine.

¥ of Herrings.

¥ of Salt-Fish.

. of Poultry.

. of Cloths imported.

.i

made in England.

Weight of Wool. Measure of Land.

- De Pond. t3* Mens; Temp. inc. 204 AssisaPanis,&c. 7 Judic. Pillorie. > Temp.inc.

De Pistoribus. J Temp. Incert. - 200, 203

4 E.III. c. 12. - 264

27 E. III. st.i.c.8. - 331

31 E. III. st. 2. - 353

33 E.III. - 369

31 E. III. st. 3. - 333

37 E. III. c. 3. - 378

38 E. III. c. 2. - 383

Northampton; 2 E. III. c. 14. 260

27 E. III. st. I. c. 4. - 330

47 E. III. c. 1. - 393

50 E. III. c. 8. - 398

2g E. III. st. 3. c. 9. - 321

34 E. III. c. 3. - 363

Compositio Uln. lit ~i

Pertic. > Temp. inc. 206

De admens.terram. \

300i0a Oc Jforrata

Customs and Assise of the Forest. - Temp, incert.

*43

Digitized by


Original from

PENN STAT

attachment

Htierment

For Vert and Venison in the Forest.

In Plea of Land.

On Prohibitions.

Statute. Page.

f Carta de Foresta ; c. 8, 16. 11 r, 2

| Slot, de Finibus; 27 E. I. 127 (_ Cons.is" Ass. de Foreita Temp. ins. 243

- Artis. sup. Cartas-, 28 E.I. c.j5. 140

- Nov. Ordenanses; 3 E.II. c. 12. 160

attaint

Of Jurors ¥, in Plea of Land.

Westm. 1 ¥, 3 E. I. c. 38.

36

. - ÑÑ, in Plea Real and Personal. ¥

C 34 E. III. c. 7, 8.

£38 E. III. st. 1. c. 12.

3 66

-------------, in Trespass, by Writ,

or without Writ, or by Bill. - Õ

r 1 E. III. st. t.c.6.

3 £.///. r. 7.

128 E. III. c. 8.

2J3

267

34<S

-------------, shortening of Process, in .

j IVestm. 4; 14 E. II. c. 2. [5 E.III. c.6.

181

267

Of Coroner and Inquest, for Negleft.

Stat. Excestre; Temp, insert.

212

fPrerog. Reg. 1 (

' **7

j

Of Felons, Forfeiture upon. -<

1 Con suet. Cantie. > Temp. ins. J De Catall. Fel. ) (

; 2*3

. 23¡

1

<$4 E. III. s. 12.

368

On Vouchers to Warranty.

On Essoin of ultra mare.

Against false Returns of Issues, by Sheriffs or Bailiffs.

Against a Record on Writ of false Judgment.

On reversal of Outlawry.

Statute.

L Ô4 E.III. jt.i, ft - Westm. ti 3 Ale.44.

~ C 1 E. III. st. 1, c% j

- 1 E. III. st. 1. c, +

¥ 5 E. III. c. 13.

.ot

a?

3?

90

J51

J53

16!

aulnage

Estreats of Forfeitures, by Aulnager f St at. of Estreats- j6 f It into the Exchequer. .[2f, in f. Ii} Õ 11 '9>

Oath and Duty of Aulnager. - 23 E. III. st. 3. c. 1

AulnagerÕs Fee on measuring Cloths. 27 E. III. st. 1. c. 4. . ^

Aulnage not payable on Irish Frize. 30 E. III. c. g. . ^

auntel.'Caeigfit

attorniea

Abolished. - - . 5 {{{. ct- 5-c- 9- ¥ 321

C34 E. III. c. 3. . j6j

In County Courts, &c.

In Writs of Assise, &c.

In Pleas of Trespass.

In Real Aftions in Wales.

In the Circuits.

For Persons sick, or beyond Sea. For Tenants in Novel Disseisin. Admission of by Justices, 8cc.

Merton; 20 H. III. s. IO. 4

Westm. I ; 3 E. I. c. 33. 33

Westm. 1 ; 3 E.I. s. 42.

37

Glous} 6 E. I. c. 8.

48

Wallie ; 12 E.I. c. 6.

61

Westm. 2 j 13 E. I. s. IO.

80

De Libertatibus perq. 27 E.I.

È3>

Ebor\ 12 E. II. s. I.

*77

De Fin. fs" Attorn ; Temp. ins.

213

3toar0 of l&entltoortb

Between the King and his Commons. Dictum deKenil-worth\ 31 H.III. u

Of Hawks, 8cc. in Forests.

aprte0

C Carta de Foresta; e. 13. m (_ Stat. de Finibut ¥, 27 E.L ul

B.

ÒBail ant) Sgatnprije

Statute.

Page-

For a Clerk refusing to answer

C Provisiones; 43 H. III.

1 Marlb; 32 H. III. s. 27.

11

25

What Offenders bailable, or not.

Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. s. 13.

30

Accountants in Arrear not bailable.

Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. e. 11.

81

Inquiry as to the unlawfully bailing, <

: De finibut; 27 E.I. s. 3.

129

or refusing to bail any. - - i

De visu l'raneipleg; Temp. ins.

247

Of Persons appealed.

Nov. Ordenanses ; 5 E. II.

165

For Offences in Forests.

1 E. III. st. 1. r. 8.

254

Of Felons, by Marshals of K. B. 8cc.

5 E. III. c. 8.

267

Of Felons who are pardoned.

10 E. III. st. 1. c. 3.

275

Of Labourers imprisoned.

34 E. III. s. 9.

366

Bailiff*

Bailiff*

Statute.

PÈp.

ÕLine ) 9 E. II. st. 2-

Ô75

Sufficiency of Bailiffs. -

Northampt) 2 E. III. c. 4. 4 E. III. e. 9.

25!

164

5 E. III. t. 4.

266

Bailiffs, their Duty on Inquiry

respeOing Coroners.

Stat. Exeestre; Temp, insert.

210

----------Oath of

Temp, insert.

M9

Accounting in the Exchequer

by Bailiffs. ...

Estat. de Esshek; Temp. ins.

Ô97

Only one Bailiff Errant in each County.

14 E. III. st. I. s.q.

184

Punishment of Miscondu£t in Bailiffs.

" Gloue i 6 E.I.

[ 14 E.III. st. 1. c.9.

2I4

' 20 E. III. e. 6.

305

Bafeer*

Wager of Law against

- Magna Carta 9 s. 28.

Ó7

False Imprisonment by

- Westm. 2 } 13 E.I. s. 13.

81

Distresses only by Bailiffs sworn.

- Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I. c. 37.

89

Letting Bailiwicks to farm.

C Artis, sup. Cart; 28 E. I. s. 14. ' £ 14 E. III. st. I. c. 9.

140

284

Returns of. Writs by Bailiffs

C Ebor; 12 E. II. s. e.

178

of Franchises.

-'ll E. III. st. 1. s. 3.

253

Shall observe Assise of Bread.

f Assisa Panis; 1 - < Judic. Pillorie i > Temp. (_ Stat. de Pistor; J

2M

¥.insert. 201 2¡2

Balance

A Standard Balance in each County. 31 E. III. st. 1. e. 2. 3i¡


INDEX

403

0" ^ottchtn

toW;

arranty.

?ª Euoin of altn na^

by shenfft or BaU,^ * *MnÇ. T* a on Writ

^treats of

Attlnign*, FWon,

I A,bVÇPj*l.ÇLi4FAr

.h4*Çta

UMif

| Abolished.

the King md lu, Canaou.

ifhtf

Of Hawks, it. in Forests.

Saiiifff

Sufficiency of Bailiff*.

!Uf\'U

410*f

jišÔ*

to.fr*>

***

Bailiffs their Duty on Inquiry mpedlng Coronet*

______ Oath of

Accounting in the Eachequer

OBlyooeBai.ffErrantmeachCo.m.^^

Punishment of Miscoodud

in Bailiff*

Shall observe A*i*

of Bread-

JgBlfc

Bani*bment

.aji .*

Statute.

Page-

s

5?

*x

Shall be by the Law of the Land only. Magna Carta ; r. 29. . ,ty

Of certain Rebels, 8cc. - - Did?. Kenilru; j i H. III. 1$

Of H. le Despenser, Father and f ij £. //. . 181-188

Son.

am,

se?

.iiffltj,

siiiii

- \ 1 E. III. st. 1. c. 2.

ÒBacon ano jTeme

Appeal by Wife for Death of Husband. Magna Carta-, c. 34.

No Fourcher by Essoin, by them. - Glouc 5 6 E. I. c. 10.

C Glouc; 6 E.I. c. 3.

rstm- 2 > 13 E.I. c. 3. L Id- - - c. 40.

- Westm. 2} 13 E. I. c. 34

Remedy for Wife and her Heir on Alienation by Husband.

Wife carried away or eloping.

Of Fines levied by Femes Covert.

252

118

49

47

73

9'

87

Modus levandi Fines; Temp. ins. 214

Barcettorff

In County Courts. In the Circuits.

- Westm. I ) 3 E. I. c. 33.

- St. Rageman; 4 E.I.

Ba*tatD*

All born before Matrimony declared Bastards.

Shall not inherit in Wales. Escheats of Lands of Bastards. Trial of Bastardy of Persons bom beyond Sea.

- Merton; 20 H. III. c. 9.

- St. Wallie ; 12 E.I. c. 13.

35

44

4

68

- Capit. Escaetrie ; Temp, incert. 240

- 23 E. III. st. 1. - 310

Battle

Oath of the Champion in a Writ of Right.

Not allowed for Lands in Wales.

------nor for Gavelkind Lands.

When it may be joined or not.

- Westm. 1 ; 3 E.I.c. 41. 37

- St. Wallie; 12 E.I.c. 8. 63

- Consuetud. Cantie; Temp. inc. 223

- Demag. Ass. HDuellis\Tcmp.inc.118

Beaumont, ty- tie

Removed from the KingÕs Council. - Nov. Ordenances-, 5 E. II. c. 22 163

BeaupleaOec

No Fines shall be taken for.

{ Provisions -, 43 H. III. Marlb. 32 H. III. c. 11. Westm. I ; 3 E. I. c. 8.

I E. III. st. 2. r. 8.

Beggar*

Able to work, none shall relieve. - 13 E. III. c. 7.

Beffaiel

Writ of, the TenantÕs Answer in. . Westm. 2j 13 E.I. c. 20.

Bigamp

9

22

28

236

308

82

Of the Clergy ; its Effects.

- De Bigamis; 4 E.I. c. J.

43

Ñ----------------- Trial of.

- 18 E. III. st. 3. c. 2.

30*

fltif*1

Of Exceptions, how to be granted.

Bill

Westm. 2} 13 E. I. c. 31.

86, 87

Of Grace, Fees upon.

Ordin. pro Hib; 17 E. II. c. 4.

>93

tl

Of Suggestion, from Ireland.

- Ordin. pro Hib *, 31 E. IIL c. 12.

360

Bisbop*

Ele£tion of, shall be free.

Their Oath.

Seizing of their Temporalties into the KingÕs Hands.

Bi**trtile

Of the additional Day in Leap Year. - De an. fa" die Biss ; 40 H. III.

Blattenep

Ordinance for Salt Fish there. - 31 E. III. st. 3.

Statute.

Page.

Artie. Cleri ; 9 E. II. c. 14.

>73

23 E. III. st. 4.

3'7

Jur. Episc i Temp. inc.

249

I E. III. st. 2. c. 2.

255

14 E. III. st. 4. r. 3, 4, 3.

294

25 E. III. st. 6. c. 6.

326

355

Pardon of him and others.

Bobun, lj>. He

. .S^e.i.

11 se.ii.

Bono*

¥ 38 E. III. st. 1. c. 4.

124

187

384

Foreign, declared void.

Breach of prtffon

Punishment of - - De frang. Pris} 23 E.I. 113

Bren, Hletoellin

Arrest and Murder of, condemned. - Exit. H. le Desp\ 13 E. II. 183

Bretoer*

Shall observe Assise of Ale.

f Assisa Panis ; 7 f

- 7 Judic. Pillorie -, 5 Temp, incert. -j (_ Stat. de Pistor ; J C

Bribge*

Who shall be compelled to make. - Magna Carta-, e. 13.

200

201

203

116

Broker*

In London, how admitted and sworn. Stat. Civ. Lond-, 13 E. I. toj

Butcber*

Selling unwholesome Meat, {Judic. Pillorie j-fm. jncerfm

how punishable. - \De pistoribusJ Ž'

Burning

In the Forehead, of fugitive Laborers. 34 E. III. c. 10.

And Prisage of Wines, how to be taken.

Butlerage

. -\

De extr. ad Scac \ 16 E. II. 23 E. III. st. 5. c. 21.

43 E. III. c. 3.

Bupec*

Purveyors shall be so called. 36 £. III. c. 2.

C 202 C.203

3^7

192

323

392

37*

A Standi Bala*š

IffliPtf

nchOT- 31

lPli

5*

Digitized by


Origi

C.

Calais

Statute.

Page.

Staple of Wool, &c. removed from

thence. ¥ - - 43 E.III. c.i.

390

Capitula Jtineris

Articles of the Eyre.

_ . Temp, incert.

233

Capitula Cscaetrie

Articles of the Escheatour. - Temp.incert. * 338

Carlisle

The Statute of, against Foreign

Tributes by Religious. - De apportis Rehg; 35 £. /. I JO

------------------- concerning Fines and

Attomies ... De Fin. &Attorn; Temp, incert. 215

Carriage

_ , . . ã. C Magna Carta v c. 21. 116

Purveyance of, for the King - £ Wf]tm ,. 3 £. J. f. jj. 34

Carta De JForrsta

Repeated and confirmed.

2j E.I. - - 120

[And see Title Charters.]

Purveyance for

Distress for Castleward. Award relating to

Pleas at the Gate of

Castles

f Magna Carta ; e. 19.

116

\ Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. e. 7.

28

- Magna Carta -, c. 20.

116

- Difl. de Kenilw ¥, c. 2 J, 36.

16, 17

( Artie, sup. Cart -, 28 E. I. e.

7- >39

\ St. Stamford; 3 E. II.

iS6

Statutum de

Catallis jTelonum

- Temp. inc.

230

Certificate of assise

In what Case it lieth.

Westm. 2; 13 E.I. c. 23. 84

CessaDit

For Rent in Arrear.

-------------or for Services.

---------------------------------in London.

---------------------------------in Kent -

For Alms withdrawn by Religious.

Challenge

In Trial of fraudulent Mortmain. Ç . For the King, shall be for cause certain

Indi&or shall not be on Jury of Indittee.

Glouc; 6 E.I. c. 4.

48

Westm. 2 j 13 E.I. f. 21.

82

Stat. de Gaveleto; Temp. inc.

222

Consuet. Cantie -, Temp. inc.

224

Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 41.

92

of furors

Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I. e. 32.

87

Ordin. de Inquis ; 33 E.I.

>43

25 E. III. st. 5. c. 3.

320

Chamberlains

Of the King, their Fees, on Homage done. -

Statute.

Westm. 2; 13 E.I. r.41.

ftp

9È

Cbampertp

Prohibited, and Forfeiture thereon.

Westn.. 1 j 3 E.I. r.15. Westm. 2; 13E.I. c.49, Artie, sup. Cart j liElc.u. Ordin. de Cmspir-, 33 E.I Stat. de Cmspir; Temp. me. Ordin. pro Hib; 31 E.III. 1 st. 4. c. 10. \

Champion

Oath of, in Writ of Right.

- Westm. 1 ¥, 3 E. I. f.4i.

C&ancerg

Shall follow the King. - - Artie, sup. Cart} 28 E. I. c. j. ijj

Oath of the Clerks there. - 20 E. III. ¥ 306

Relief in, on breach of Statutes. - 36 E. III. st. 1. c. 9. . 374

Chaplains

Wages of, in Parishes, &c. - 36 E. III. st. 1. c. 8. ¥ 374

Charters

Form of Confirmation of.

The Grand Charter of Liberties, repeated and confirmed.

And also the Charter of the Forest.

General Confirmation of both the Charters, all Judgements against them declared void ; the Charters ordered to be read, in all Cathe.drals, &ec.

- Forma Cmf. Cart-, i} E.I. 104

2 j E. I. - ¥ "4

fie E.I. - 'È

\ 27 E. I. . - itI

2J E. I. - ÈJ

Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I c. I. 136 >Ij E.IIL st. i.f.2. Ž

[And see Title Magna Carta.]

In Forests, how payable.

Cheminage

f Carta de Foresta; e. 14. * \ De Finihus; 27 E. I.

Ill

ll!

Chester

Justice of, how to account. - Estat. del Eschel; Temp. 91

Their Fees.

Chirographers

- Westm.l-, !3£-£ cÔ* 93

Church

Liberties of, confirmed.

Declared to be founded on the Estate of Prelacy, and Ele&ions to Dignities, shall be free

Magna Carta; c. l. '

DildeKenilwiS^J11-^^

Nov. Ordenanees; S & >>¥1' *

-1

iMiru. 7 j 17*

Articufi CltnÈ 9 &1' 28i

14 E. Ill- It. 1-1. >¥ ..

E.III. tt.l.<-'- ' ^

Ordin. pro Hibern -, ( 357

jo E. Ill c. 1. * J

E. ///¥ *1' 4*

316,317

INDEX.

405

¡f King, thew F, done.

***) on

Prohibited, and Forfeiture thereon.

5%

k

CtliiKirp

SWI follow the King. . . * ^

Oith of the Orb there. . ãi][

Relief in, an breach of Statutes. . j6£Mlti)

CHyMi

Wages of, in Parishes, fa. ¥ jf jjtul

Onto

Form of Confirmation of. ¥ ¥ fnCd.lt)

The Grand Charter of Hetties, repeated and confirmed. Ijil ¥

And also the Charter of die Form ||jj{ .

General Confirmation of both die Charters, all Judgements apa* them declared raid; the Chatters ordered to be read, us all Cathe.drals, See.

nil

ÔulAtui

Wb

In Forests, how payable.

QOtiMf

/&È***

jwriceof, how to account

Their Free

fijflttt

Dbenaeiof.condnned.

>;

wet

If

i!JÒ

Ctuccb

Fairs and Markets shall not be kept in Church Yards.

Repairing Church and fencing Church- Yard.

Property of Trees in Church Yards.

Temporalties of, leasing in Vacation.

[And See Titles Clergy; Ecclesiastics.']

Statute.

Page.

Wynton ; 13 E. I. c. 6.

98

Circ. Agatis -, 13 E. I.

101

Ne Red. prost. Arb; Temp. inc.

221

14 E. III. st. 4. c. j.

*94

Their Liberties confirmed.

Jurisdi&ion of Constable of Dover Castle.

Barons of, may regulate Yarmouth

Cinque ports

- Magna Carta; e. 9. 11 j

Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I. c. 7. 139

354

Herring-Fair. - - 3* iš- A. 2. c. 2.

Circuits

Of the Judges.

f De Justic. assig ; 21 E. I.

. 1 Magna Carta; c. 12.

( [And set Title Assises.']

112 1 *S

Statute of

Circumspefte agatis

- 13 e. 1.

From Rome, Penalty on

Citations

- 38 E. III. St. 2. C. I.

Clergp

38s

Prelates, &c. may sue for Wrongs to their Predecessors. - - Marlb ; 52 H. III. e. 28.

Purgation before the Ordinary of Clerks indided. - - Westm. I ; 3 E.I. c. 2.

Benefit of Clergy denied to Bigami. De Bigamis-, 4 E.I. c. 5.

----------------------granted in all Cases, ( Ordin. pro Clero; T

except High Treason. - - \ 25 E.I. st. 6. c. 4. J

Religious shall send no Tax or Tribute beyond Sea. - Carlisle; 35 E. I.

Liberties granted to the Clergy. - Artieu/i Cleri; 9 E. II. Residence of Clerks in the KingÕs Service - - -Id. c. 8.

28

43

3*5

*S*

*7*

172

Clerks fleeing to San&uary. - Id. - c. ij, 16. 173,174

Pensions and Corodies at the KingÕs Request, restrained. - - 1 E. III. st. 2. c. io.- 236

Arraignment of Clerks. - -{^'^KUI.Õst 6. c. 5. ] 326

Arrest of Clergy during Divine

Service forbidden. - -50 E. III. c. 5. - 98

[See Titles, Church, Ecclesiastics.]

Their Oath.

Clerk* of Cftancerp

- -20 E. III.

306

Clerk of tbe Remembrance

His Office, in the Exchequer.

Statute. - 37 E. III. c. 4.

Page.

379

Clerk* of fcfteriff*

Sheriffs shall answer for them. - De Vic. (sÕ Cler; Temp. inc. 213

Clerk* of Jubge*

In the Bench and on the Circuits. - Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 31. 86

Clerk of t&e Market

Delivery of his Estreats into the

Exchequer. - - De Extr. ad Scac; 16 E. II. 191

Shall perform the Duty of his Office. 14 E. III. st. 1. c. 12. 285

--------- in Ireland, regulated. - £ ¡rd,n' fr¡ H'b Õ j* Ô ^^ 363

Clott)

Measure and Assise of Cloth. --------------------------imported.

- made in 1

Foreign Cloth prohibited.

Foreign Clothiers may settle in England, &c.

Measuring of Cloths by the Aulnager. Subsidy on Cloths sold.

Cloths not fulled, shall not be exported.

Cloths of Irish Frize.

Magna Carta c. 2 J.

iÇ7

Northampton ; 2 E. III. c. 14.

260

27 E. III. st. 1. c. 4.

33¡

47 E. III. c. 1.

395

jo E. III. c. 8.

398

11 E. III. c. 2, 3.

280

Id. - c. 5.

281

2 j E. III. st. 3.1.1.

3*4

27 E. III. st. 1. c. 4.

330

50 E. III. c. 7. - Id. - c. 8. J

> 398

Coin

Exportation of prohibited. Shall not be impaired.

C De falsa Moneta ; 27 E. I. -\u E. III. st. 2. c. I.

In E. III.

- 25 E. III. st. J. e. 13.

[And see Title Money.]

13*

*73

*99

322

Collusion

In Conveyances to defeat Wardships. By Pleaders in the KingÕs Courts. - By feigned Recoveries in London.

For aliening Lands in Mortmain.

By Merchants, Aliens, and Denizens. By Conveyances to defraud Creditors.

Marti, j 52 H. III. c. 6. Westm. I; 3 E. I. C. 29. Glouc \ 6 E. I. c. II. Westm. 2 } 13 E.I. c. 32. 27 E. III. st. 2. c. 3. jo E. III. c. 6.

In certain Cases repealed.

To whom only to be granted.

Commission* of Cnquirp

¥1

18 E. III. st. 2. c. I, 2.

-------------st. 3. c. 6.

28 E. III. c. 9.

- 42 E. III. c. 4.

Common

20

34

49

87

334

398

300,1

303

346

388

, , . , f Merton ; 20 H. III. c. 4.

Approvement of, by Lords agamst j 2; 13 £. /. c. 46.

the|r Tenants and Ne.ghbours. | Manerii; Temp. inc.

Remedy for overcharging.

Quod Permittat for, by a Parson.

Assise of Novel Disseisin.

In Lands disafforested.

2

94 242

78

83

84

94

( Ordin. Foreste-, 33 E. 1. 144

\--------------------34 E.I.c.6. 149

- Westm. 2 ¥, 13 E.I. c. 8.

- - Id. - c. 24,

Id.

fc. 25. I c. 46.

Common plea*

Court of, shall be holden in a Place

certain. - - - Magna Carta', c. II. - 115

f Artie, sup. Cart ¥, 28 E. I. c. 4. 138 Not allowed in the Exchequer. -< Ordin.pro Hib-, 31 E. III. \

{. st.4. e. 11. J i

Court of, shall not be removed

without warning.

Gifts of Lands upon

Northampton-, 2 E. III. c. II. 2J9

Contrition

¥ Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. I.

7'

Confirmatfo Gartarum

Statute.

The Great Charters confirmed. - 2J E. I.

Form of

Confirmation of (Frants

- 13 e. 1.

Consimili Gasu

Writs in, required to be framed. -------------in Wales.

- WeAm. 2; 13 E.I.e. 24.

- St. Wallie v 12 E. I. c. 6.

Page.

213

104

83

60

Conspiracy

. . _ . , , C Artie, sup. Cart) 28 -E. /. f. lo. 139

Inquiry and Punishment of. Ô£4 E.III.c.ll. - 264

Definition of Conspirators. - Ordin. de Comp; 33 E. I. 145

Writ of Attachment against them. - St at. de Consp ; Temp. inc. 216

Exigend against them. - - 18 E. III. St. I. - 299

a . .v c._ , f Ordin. Slap-, 27 E. III. \

Against the Staple. - a. c. 2e. f 342

Of Masons, &c. annulled. - 34 E. III. c. 9. - 67

Constables

Shall not hold Pleas of the Crown. Magna Carta-, c. 17. - 116

Two chosen to make view of Armour. Wynton-, 13 E.I.c.6. - 98

Of the Staple. - -{¡rfc *+*' %.} 34¡

---------------- their Fees. - -28 E. III. - 343

Of the Tower, his Power in certain

Cases. - - -28 E. III. c. 10.

Consuetubines Cantie

Statute of the Customs of Kent. - Cons. Cant; Temp. inc.

Consuetubines assise be jForesta

Customs and Assise of the Forest. - . Temp, insert.

Consultation

Writ of, when and how grantable. - Stat. de Consult -, 18 E. I. No Prohibition after - - 50 £. III. c. 4.

Contempt

Prelates, punishable for, by Fine only. 25 E. III. st.6. c. 6.

Continuance

. . r Provisions -, 43 H. III. - q

Days in Court in Real Aftions, &c. I Mar It; 52 H. III. c. 12. 22

and in Dower. - .) Dies Com. in Banc, f Temp. 1

"----------- in Dote. \ inc. /

Contra formam Collationis

For Lands, by a Religious House. - Westm. 2} 13 R I. f.4,. 9,

Conbeyances

Fraudulent, to defeat Wardship. --------------- to alien Lands in

Mortmain.

- Mar lb ; 52 H. III. c. 6. Westm. 2-, 13 E.I. c. 32.

to defraud Creditors. . 50 E. III. c. 6.

346

223

243

108

398

326

20

87

398

Coofes

Dressing unwholesome Meats.

Statute. Judic. Pillorie.

V

201

Goparceners

Homage for Lands descending to.

Suits of Court by Of Lands in Kent.

IPreng.Regui Temp.ãm. J

J Provisoes-, H. Ill . ,

\Marlb -, 51 H. III. c.9,

- Consuet. Canties Temp.^, lM

Gopy&olbers

Or Customary Tenants, of Manors. - Extenta Manerii- T__. .

Devise of, by Tenant in Dower. Measure of, shall be uniform.

Price of, shall regulate Assise of Bread, Ale, See.

Toll of, when ground.

Sale of, by the Heap or Strike.

Measure of, by Purveyors,

by Strike.

Price of Bushel of Wheat. Exportation of, prohibited.

Gorn

- Merton; 20 H. III. c. 1.

- Magna Carta-, c. 25.

C Assisa Panis. 'j e

< Judic. Pillorie. I Temp. inc. { t De Pistoribus. J (_

- De Pistor; Temp. inc.

(De Pistor; Temp. inc.

25 E. III. st. 5. c. 10.

(4 E.III.C.3.

< 25 E. III. st. t. c. 1.

(È36 E. III. c. 2.

- 25 E. III. st. 1.1.1.

- 34 E. III. c. 20

"1

101

:cj

Ò3

M]

321

2(1

È

37È

3"

3Ç

Gorobieu

At Request of the King, restrained. 1 £. III. st. 2. c. 10. - 256

Of the King.

Coronation ©atb

- s e. II.

Coroner

Shall not hold Pleas of the Crown. - Magna Carta-, c. 27.

Concealing Felons, &c. how punishable.

i(t

n(

- Westm. 1; 3 E-1- c. 9- *9

29 K> 1I3

3^

_ ___________ ^ 58,62

. on Homicides within the/ Artie, sup. Cart-, it E. /. <. ]¥ J3 Verge of the Palace. - *\ Ordenances ; J E. lit. 27-

Inquest concerning his Condud. - Stat. de Excestre-, Temp .me.

His Eledlion, Duty, and Qualification.

In Wales.

{Id. - t- 20- Dr OMc. Coron; 4 EL 14 E.III.st.l.c.t. 1SE.III.C.6.

Wallie; 12 E. I. c. 5, 6.

Corporations

Franchises of London and other (Magna Carta-, c.^.

Cities, &c. confirmed. -I1 E. III. A.i- tÕ9-

Amerciament of Cities, Boroughs, 8cc. Westm. M3 P- c' Distress of Foreigners, in Cities, &c. Id.

Taking excessive Toll, Murage, &c. Id.

Officers for regulating Assises in

Cities, &c. - . Ebor-,nE.ILc.6.

Costs

In Affions on fraudulent Feoffments. Marlb-, J2 Hen. I

-------------wherever Damages are

recovered. - - Clone 5 6 E. . e. ^

------------- On Statutes Merchant. - Stat. Merc, 13

"5

156

33

100

Go gl

e

DEx.

**. ¥*£

HonaÇ'for Laxis

^ofCowtby

Of Landi in Kmt

Or Ci

u,tonarT Toanti, of Mmor.

Cora

Dwi*of> by Taunt in Do*,, Mentor of, shall b, Bnifonn.

of, shall regulate

of Bread, Ale, Ac Toll of, when ground.

Sale of, by the Heap or Strike.

Meaiure of, by Purreyon,

by Strike.

Price of Bushel of Wheat. Exportation of, prohibited.

¥ Vk:

' ftfiWilb.

/M* ;JÈ,

WUi,.

fftflit)

IJillp.

IjfUsi

Ijiltl;

Hit:

Cioifa

At Request of the King, rtitnmi ihffltw

Coronation iwj

Of the King. ¥ -jW

Coronrr

j of the Crown. ¥ Jfy*Òr' s kc. ho.

. . fifciij**

È- {Si

ill: i

ale, ¥ ¥ È* .nucrda^thrj^.

his Coodod. ¥

*.{SE

i+'$

> * ¥

1,1s. If

*. **

vfi

, Feoflfflflš-

1M*

j ¥ " uJfr .'

record- Merdutf- *

____On Stamttt

INDEX.

407

Cottages

Statute.

Page.

* te

.{£$

,fis

Within Manors, Inquiry M to. - Extenta Manerii; Temp. inc. 143

Covenant

Writ of in Wales. -

St. Wallie \ 12 E. I. c. 6. --------------------c. 10.

61 6S

Council

The KingÕs, may regulate export of

Wool. -

31 E. III. st. 1. c. 9.

35*

Wines. -

38 E. III. st 1. c. 11.

384

f Ordin pro Hib; 31 E. III.

} 3S9

Duty.

1 st. 4. c. 7.

______________________shall certify

Matters to Council in England.

Id. - c. 17.

3<*3

Coun0ellor0

Of the King, of removing and

appointing. ...

Nov. Ordenances; 5 E. II. c.

13. 160

--------------- their Oath.

Temp, insert.

248

Of the Justices in Ireland.

f Ordin. pro Hib; 31 E. III. L tt. 4. r. 3.

} 357

Counter=Bolls

Between the Sheriff and Coroner.

Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 10.

29

Count?

Assessing Common Fine upon

Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 18.

31

Counts Courts

How they shall be holden.

Magna Carta ; c. 33.

118

-------------------------------- in Wales. -

f St. Wallie; 12 E.I. c. 3.

1 r ft

S6 61

Attomies in

Merton j 20 H. III. c. 10.

4

No Barretor suffered there.

Westm. i } 3 E.I.c. 33.

35

Counties in males

Their Extent defined

St. Wallie-, 12 E.I. c. 1.

55

Courts,

foreign

Penalty for suing in, to annul the

Judgements of the KingÕs Courts.

27 E. III. st. 1. c. 1.

329

Courts,

inferior

1

[" Marlb. 32 H.III.c. 1,2.

19, 20

Their Jurisdiction restrained. -<

Westm. 1 J 3 E. I. c. 35.

35

1

[ Westm. 2 \ 13 E. I. c. 36.

Ç9

VoL. I.

Cousinage

Statute.

Writ of, the TenantÕs Answer in. - Weitm. 2 ; 13 £. /. e. 20.

CCO00C0

Erefting on Lands, fraudulently. - Weitm. 2 j 13 E. I. c. 33.

Page.

82

Ç7

Cui In Oita

Writ of, for Feme Covert. --------- Proceedings in.

In London.

Weitm. 2 i 13 E. I. c. 3. Id. ¥ c. 40.

Curfeto

- St. Civ. Lend; 13 E. I.

73

9>

102

Curse, ©entente of

Against Violators of

The Charters, 8cc.

{Sententia Excom ; 3 7 H. III. 6 Confirm. Cart-, 2J E. I. c. 4. 123

Slat, dr Tallag ; 2J E. I. c. 6. 12J

Sententia Excom; 25 E. I. 126

Curtess of CnglanD

Tenant by, Alienations of, void. . Glouc; 6 E.I. e. 3. - 47

----------------defined. - - De ten. per teg. Angl\ Temp. inc. 220

----------------in Gavelkind Lands. - Comuetud. Cantie ; Temp. inc. 224

Cu0tom0

Of London and other Cities, &c. ^ Magna Carta; c. 9.

confirmed.

Of Gloucester and Kent, as to Lands of Felons.

Slat, de Tallag; 25 E. 1.

{Prerog. Regis; Temp. inc. Consuet. Cantie; Temp. inc.

l'S

I2J

227 22 3

Cu0tom0 on fi^erctjanDije

New Customs and Evil Tolls prohibited.

Colle&ors of Customs, Account by. Certain Customs suspended. Payment of into the Exchequer.

------------- granted on Wool, 8cc

exported.

on Foreign Merchandize imported. * -

Noneon Canvas for packing Wool in. Trifles uncustomed concealed in Ships.

C Magna Carta; c. 30.

7 Stat. de Tallag ; 25 E. I.

C Nov.Ordenances; 5 E.II. c. I Estat. de Eichek j Temp. inc. St. Stamford ; 3 E. II. Ordenances; 5 E. II. c. 4, 8. 14 E. III. st. 1. c. 21. -------------st. 2. c. I, 4.

28 E. III. c. 13.

34 E. III. c. 19.

38 E. III. st. 1. c. 8.

-{

"7

I2J

I. 159 *97

>S<5

*j8È 9 289 290, 1

349

368

384

5^

Digitized by Go de

xÑI

Or

D.

Damaged

Statute.

Merton -, 10 H. III. e. I. Id. - f. 4-

Marlb ; J2 H. III. c. I. Marti -, 52 H. III. c. 6.

{Provisions ; 43 H. III.

Marlb } 52 H. III. c. 9. r Provisions ; 43 H. III.

In Novel Disseisin; Mortdauncester, I Marlb; J2 H. III. c. 16. &c.

To Widows, for Dower withheld. - On Approvement of Common.

On unlawful Distresses.

In ACtions on fraudulent Feoffments.

Page.

I

3

19

21

In Pleas for Suit of Court.

¥ r. 28.

In London.

On Waste by Farmers.

On Wreck unlawfully taken. Against Purveyors.

On Disseisin with Robbery.

For Waste by Guardian.

In Darrein Presentment and Quare Impedit.

On Overcharge of Pasture.

In a Writ of Mesne.

On false Appeals.

On unlawful Distress.

On unlawful Summons of Juries. Against Sheriff for not returning Writs.

On Destruction of Dykes, &c.

On Statutes Merchant.

Glouc; 6 E. I. c. 1.

Id. - c. 14.

( Provisions ; 43 H. III. Marlb 552 H. III. c. 23. Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 4. Id. - c. 32.

Id. - f. 37. Glouc ; 6 E. I. c. j.

8

22

10

24

25 47

5¡

11

24

28

34

35 48

Westm. 2 : Id.

Id.

Id.

Westm. 2 : Id.

(Id.

13 E.I.

13 E.I.

r.5. c. 8. c.p. c. 12. f.37. '¥ 38. f.39.

. \ Northampt; 2 E. III. c. 5. Westm. 2; 13 E. I. c. 46. Stat. Merc 513 E.I.

For Robberies, against the Hundred.^ ///*\ f", ^

77

78

79 81

89

90 90

258

94

100

96

347

In Prohibitions.

Double ;Ñon Trespasses against Religious Houses.

---------on unlawful Disseisins.

----------against Purchasers of the

Nov.Ordenances; 5 E.II. c. 12. 160 Westm. I ; 3 E.I. c. I.

27

KingÕs Debts.

- Id.

f. 24.

33

- Id.

c. 32.

34

1. Id.

c- 35-

3<5

on false Exceptions in Novel

Westm. 2; Id.

.3 E. I.

c.25. c. 26.

84

85

Ebor; 12 E. II. c. J. 9 E. III. st. 1. c. 1.

178

270

Disseisin.

. in Redisseisin.

----------on Plea of Jointtenancy. - De conjunR. Feoffatis ; 34 E. I. 146

¥---------on altering Return of Writs.

---------for Injuries to Merchants. .

----------on undue Purveyance

of Wine. - -

Treble ;Ñon Sheriffs not acquitting Debtors. - - -

Ñ . on undue Purveyance.

Ñ on Waste by Tenant for Life,

25 E. III. st. 5. c. 21.

323

Westm.

Westm.

3 E. I. c. 19. 3 E. I. c. 32.

32

34

8cc.

. against Procurers of Suits,8cc. ---------- Wardens of Forests

Glouc ; 6 E.I. c. 5. Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I.c. 36.

48

89

refusing to bail.

-Escheators committing

Extortion.

. Sheriffs on undue

Estreats.

Quadruple;Ñin cases of unjust Weights.

¥ on Officers injuring

Merchants.

1 E. III. st. 1. c. 8.

36 E. III. st. 1. c. 13. 42 E. III. c. 9.

27 E. III. st. 2. c. 10. Id.

254

374

389

26.

. 337

342, 3

Darrein pimntment

Assises of, in the Bench.

------------- in the Circuit.

-------------in their proper Shires.

- Magna Carta ; c. 13.

- Wtstm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 10. -Id.

r.30.

116 80 86

Darrein Presentment

(continued.)

Statute.

Assises of, and Quare Impedit, f Provisions; 43 H. Ill Days in Court in. -\ Marlb; 52 H. Ill c. 12.

------------------------------Pleadings in. Westm. 2; 13 £. I j.

In Leap Year.

Daps in Bank

- - De anno Bissext; 40 H.III. ,

In Real AClions, Dower, Darrein Presentment, &c.

r Dies com. in Banco; f Temp. 1

I______nã... i iTT > loj

t-in Dote; \ int. j Provisions; 43 H. III. . 0

Marlb; 52 if. III. c. n.

On Summons, &c. in Plea of Land. Artie, sup. Cart-, 28 E.L c. 15.

140

Debt

Writ of, saved. ---------- in Wales.

Stat. Merc; 13 E.I.

100

St. Wallie; liE.I.c. 6. (1

Debtors

Imprisonment of, on Statutes f Stat. Merc; 11 E.I.

Merchant. - - ----------------- 13 E.I.

S4

È

Deceit

By Serjeants and Pleaders. Writ of, in Plea of Land.

- Westm. I; 3 E. L c. 19. 34

- Northampt-, 2 E. IIL LI 7. 261

Decies tantum

Against corrupt Jurors. - - 38 E. III. st. 1. c. 12. 3*5

Deebs

Proof of, in Assises of Novel Disseisin, bee.

C Westm. 2; 13 E. L c. Jj. -\Ebor-, llE.lL c.l. -

È5

177

Made within Franchises, Trial of.

- 9 E. 111. st. 1. c. 4.

171

Deer

Taking by Noblemen, !cc.

f Carta de Foresta; c. 11. ~\De Finibus-, 27 E.I.

121

ill

Punishment of Deer Stealers, &c.

r Carta de Foresta; c. 10. 111 - 7 De Finibus; 27 E. I. ¥ l27

[Cons. VAss.deFor,

Bail of Trespassers in Forests.

- 1 E. III. st.i.e. 8.

Defamation

When triable in the

f Circ. Agatis; 13 & ^ Spiritual Court, j Artie. Cleri; 9 E. II. j

tot

>7*

Default

In Plea of Ward.

In Adions for Suits to Lords.

Judgements by

Of Common Summons, Amerciament for.

Of Appearance on Inquests.

. Marlb-, 51 H.III-Ô-1- -Id. - - Ô-*

(Id. - * , ÔÔ U| '3'

.) Westm. i; 3E-L c,l\ l Id. - -

(Provisions-, 43

'{ Marlb-, 52 H.III-Ô-È-

}i

11

*3

*1

V

10 u

11

f

.Jam

V*

Uw

in Si

DOfcse

OlOfen

to

be.

kTaa

OtPn

pol

OfDc

Kalis

OiFi

ByO

Wrii

la 1 Oil

Fo:

h

Fo

A


index.

3.

Default

(continued.)

Of Appearance of Vouchee. -

ATÔ rf> È* v-u ln Court in.

By Means of untrue Essoins, Protedrions, &c.

ins, ^

ÔMU

In Leap Year.

h Real Adioni, Down, f**!!,

In County Courts, 8cc. in Wales. -.£

Of Husband or other Tenant for Life, &c. in Suits for Land.

Of Mesne in acquitting the Tenant. Recording of Defaults at Nisi Prius.

Statute. Page.

Provisiones j 43 H. III. n

Marik ; 52 H. III. c. 26. aj

Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 44, 45. 37

Glouc; 6 E. I. c. 8. - 48

Westm. 2 ¥, 13 E. I. c. 17. 8a De Proteccionibus; Temp. inc. a 17 St.Wallie-, la E. 1.1 . . .

r.3.7,8.) S6><53Õ64

Westm. a i 13 E. I. c. 3, 4. 73, 74 Id. - - c. 9. 79

12 E. II. St. 1. c. 4. 178

* -ra

^Sumnrn,jtc.iapbrful^i:

Cft

De Defensione 3lurig

Statute of defending Right. -20 E.I. - - no

Deputies

Of Officers in the Exchequer. - Estat.de/EschekiTemp.inc. 197

Writ of, ured. --------in Wiles.

Imprisonment of, on Shafts Merchant.

Degpengerg

Father and Son, their Banishment, / 15 E. II.

1 E. III. st. r.

&c.

181,188

aji

È jkJfciiil.

Detige

Proof of, in Andes of Nont (J*li|v'

Disseisin, See. ¥

Made within Franchues, Trial of. ¥

Diggetgin

Cm

Of Freeholds, Liberties, See. prohibited.

Of Dower, Damages on.

iCitm

Taking by Noblemen, kc. Ô(ft Mr;

Cttih*.

issiha Redisseisin after Recovery.

jUft*

Car.^'f

Punishment of Deer Stealen, kt- *

Bail of Trespassers in Forests.

£iftmaflji!

infer

Of Feoffee to defeat Wardship.

By Officers of the King.

With Force and Robbery.

Writ of, for and against Heirs, 8cc. -

In London, Punishment of.

Of Common of Pasture.

{Magna Carta; c. 29.

Westm. I } 3 E.I.C. 24. Merton -, 20 H. III. c. I. rid. - - c.3.

) Marlb ; 52 H. III. c. 8.

] Westm. 2-, 13 E. I. c. 8.

Lid. - - c. 26.

Marlb ¥, $2 H. III. c. 6. Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 24.

( Westm. I i 3 E.I. c. 37.

\ Sr. Wallis ; 12 E.I. c. 7.

( Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 47, 48. \S/. Wallis ; 12 E.I. c.6. Glouc ', 6 E. I. c. 14- Westm.2} 13 E.I. c. 24, 25.

"7

33

1

a

at

78

8j

20

33

35

62

38 59, 60

5¡

83,84

\FBen triable in the Spiritual Coot

D0

tv

Digtregg

In Plea of Ward. Õ

bhBim****'*'

Judgements by

Of Common

Sumfflooii

Amerciament'

(X Appear^

oo Iwpae*0'

k . '

t ' ii

Id ¥ j,

125

s?

For remarriage of Widows.

For Knights Service.

--------------------------respiting of.

For making Bridges.

For Castle Ward.

For Debts to the King.

- Magna Carta c. 7. i

- Id. - c. to.

- De Militibus ; Temp. inc. . Magna Carta; c. 15.

- Id. - c. 20.

1 *5

229 116 116

r Magna Carta ; c. 8, 18. 115,116

- / Estat. detEschek-, Temp. inc. 197 t Artie, sup. Cart-, 28 E.I. c. 12. 139

For private Revenge, how punishable. Marlb \ 32 Hen. III. c. I. 19

Digtregg

(continued.)

Shall not be taken out of the

proper Fee, &c. nor be excessive -, nor on Strangers.

Replevin upon

of Land.

Not to be driven out of the County.

By Tenants in Dower.

- - Merton; 20 H. III. c. 2.

I

By Serjeants and Pleaden. Writuf, in Plea of Land.

Cftrit

¥ Fatal; jilt ¥ ¥ Mg, ill

Regulation of

Diet

- - 10 E.III. st.3.

f 37 E. III. c. 8.

278

380

Dccitf tintosi

^ Repealed 38 E. III. c. 2.

383

Against corrupt Jurat.

. ¥ jlEltui

Digparagement

CrK

Of Wards in Marriage.

/ Magna Carta *, c, 6.

* \ Mnton \ 20 if. IIL c. 6.

1 r5

3

For Suits or Services not due, prohibited.

To answer for Freeholds.

Detained in Fortresses.

To compel Appearance. Cessavit, in Default of

--------- in London.

Shall be by known Bailiffs.

In Forests, Lawing of.

The KingÕs, Purveyance foi.

Constable of the Castle of,

Statute.

'Marlb-, 52 H. III. c. 2.

Id. - - c. 15.

Provisiones; 43 H. III. Westm. 1 ; 3 E.I. c. 16. Id. c. 23.

Westm. 2} 13 E.I. c. 3 6. wArtie. Cleri 1 9 E. II. c. 9.

{Provisiones 43 H. III. Marlb-, 32 H. III. c. 3.

Id. - C. 21.

Westm. 2-, 13 E.I. c. 2.

- 9 E. III. st. I. c. a. f Marlb ; 52 H. III. c.4. j Westm. 1 } 3 E.I. c. 16.

(_ Artie, sup. Cart-, 28 E. I. c. r Magna Carta; c. 10.

< Provisiones i 43 H. III.

LMarlb-, 52 Hi III. c. 9.

C Provisiones ', 43 H. III.

Õ £ Marlb ; J2 H. III. c. 22.

- Westm. I -, 3 E. I. c. 17.

- Id. - - e. 45.

- Glouc; 6 E.I. st. 1. c. 4.

- De Gaveletto; Temp. inc.

- Westm. 2 } 13 E. I. c. 37.

Dogg

r Carta de Foresta -, c.6. 120

-< De Finibus-, 27 E. I. - 127

(_ Cons. Iff Ass.de For-, Temp.inc. 244 - 14 E. III. it. a. c. 19. - 288

Dotiec

Page.

20

*3

¥10

3Ç

33

89

172 - 10

20 *4

7*

271

20 3È

12. 139

Ç'S

8

21 11 24

- 3Ç

- 37 48

222

89

his Jurisdiction. Tables of Exchange,

Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I. c. 7.

*39

and Passage of Pilgrims at

9 E. III. st. 2. c. 7, 8.

273

Dotoer

Assignment of ...

Magaa Carta ; c. 7.

1 *5

Damages against Deforceor of

Merton-, 20 H. 111. c. 1. "1

Devise of Produce of Lands in

- Id. - c. 2. /

In Lands of Rebels.

Din. de Kemlvj ; 5 2 H. III. c. 3

1. 17

r Provisiones 543 H. III.

9

Writ of, Days in Bank in. -<

Marlb-, 32 H. III. c. 12.

23

. Dies com. in Dote ; Temp. inc.

208

---------Abatement of.

Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 49.

38

..Ñ against the King's Grantee.

Bigamis ; 4 E. I. c. 3.

43

----------in Wales.

St. Wallie ; 12 E.I. c.6.

61

-----------------------Proceedings upon.

Id. - - c. 12.

67

Tenant in, Waste by.

Glouc ; 6 E. I. c. 5.

48

-------------Alienation by.

jc

1

1

48

Not barred by collusive Recovery. -.

f Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I. c. 4. t Id. - c. 48.

74

95

Admeasurement of.

fc

1

1

77

Forfeiture of, by Adultery.

Id. - c. 34.

87

In Gavelkind Lands.

Consuetud. Cantie ; Temp. inc.

224

Of Widow of the KingÕs Tenant.

Prerog. Reg; Temp. inc.

226

Dutcgg

By Rebels. - - Din. de Kenilvi\ 52 H.III. c.27. 16

By Gaolers, against Prisoners.

/ 1 E. III. st. 1. c. 3.

253

Õ l st. 2. c. 15.

236

( 1 E. III. st. 1. c. 7.

253

Õ \ 14 E. III. st. 1. c. 10.

284

- 15 E. III. st. 2.

287

Repairing of.

Dpfeeg

- Westm. 2 i 13 E. I. c. 46. 94

E.

Ûccle0ifl0tfc0

tftefr Court0, jpewona, anD Ipo00e00ton0

Custody of vacant Dignities and Disposal of Temporalties.

Amercement of Ecclesiastics. Attendance of Ecclesiastics at SheriffÕs Turn.

Bail of Clerks refusing to answer.

A

Statute.

f Magna Carta; c. 5.

r.33.

i E. III. st. 2. c. a.

14 £. III. st. 4. c. 2,3,4, j.

- Magna Carta -, c. 14.

{Provisions; 43 H. III.

Marlb; 52 H. III. c. to. f Provisions; 4 5 //. III.

' \ Marlb i J2 H. III. c. 27.

CMarlb ; J2 H. III. c. 28.

Aftions &c. by Ecclesiastical Persons I '5 ?

and their Successors. - -1 .

c. 24.

L14 £. III. st. I. r. 17.

Oppression of Religious Houses by f 1 Õ 3 E *¥

rr . 1 j ¥ .u . . J ) Dt prists a virus reel-, 2 E. II.

Lngr¡r J. gm£ T"V Õ) Cirri-, 9 £. //. C....

or by Corod.es, Pensions, fee. ^. ; JE u .

Delivering Clerks conviCl, 8cc. their Ordinaries, 8cc.

Elections of Prelates, fee. shall be free.

r Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 2.

Page.

>>5 * *7 2S5 / 293 \ *94 116

9

22

..

*5

25 38 77

83

287

26 t53 i73 >75

27

to j Artic.Cleri\ 9 E.II. c.lj, .6. 173> 4 -J Ordin. pro Clero -, 7 <

l 2SE.III.st.6.e.g,6.\ 325,6

28

>73

f W'-Mtm. I ; 3 E.I.c.g. Artie. Cirri ; 9 E. //. r. .4.

¥ and not disturbed by the

Pope.

Alienations by Religious Houses restrained.

De Provisoribus-, 25 E.III.st 4. 317

Jurisdiction of Courts Christian.

- Westm. 2 j J 3 E. /. r. 41.

' Circ. Agatis ; 13 £. /.

S/at. dir Consult; 18 £. /. Artie. Cleri; 9 E.II. c. JÑJ. Prohibition fsV; Temp. in.

.5 E. ///. rf. t. e. 6.

18 E. ///. /f. 3. c. j, 6, 7. Ordin. pro Clero;

25 E. ///. rf. 6. r. 8. /

No Tribute shall be sent beyond Sea, f 35 f?' ^

by Religious. - 'l j E. III. c. 3.

r 7Etstm. . ; 3 E. I. c. 1.

) Pro Clero; 10 E.//. j 14 E. III. st. 4. c. 1. v 18 £. ///. r/. 3. c. 4.

- Artie. Cleri; 9 E. II. c. 8. f Artie. Cleri; 9 £. II. c. 9.

\ 5/at. del Escheb ; Temp. in.

- Artie. Cleri; 9 E. //.<¥. 13.

Purveyance on Religious Houses.

Residence of Clerks in the KingÕs Service.

Distresses in Fees of the Church.

Examination of a ClerkÕs sufficiency

Lands of Templers transferred to Order of St. John of Jerusalem.

Subsidy granted by the Clergy, and Exemption of Prelates in Criminal Cases. - - . 8 E. III. st. 3.

Privileges of the Clergy confirmed. - { \t 6. c.i. }

Collation to Benefices, by Ordinaries, f Ordin. pro Clero; 3

on lapse. - 25 E. III. st. 6. e. 7. /

IndiClments of Ordinaries for

Extortion. - - -25 E. III. st. 6. c. 9.

Wages of Parish Priests. - - 36 E. III. st. 1. e. 8.

[SÇ also, Titles Church ; Clergy ]

9>

.0.

108

>7>,2

209

296

3¡3

326

*5¡

263

266

.26

>75

293

3¡3

172

172

>97

>73

- De terr. Tempi-, .7 E.II. st. 2. 194

302

32J

326

326

373

<£Uftion0

Of Bishops, See. declared free. -{ ^Cljri - f l ILc. .4. Ñ shall not be disturbed by the Pope. 25 £. III. st. 4.

Of Sheriffs, by the People. - Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I. c. 8.

28

>73

3>7

>39

dEmbe^Ung of Record

Statute.

By the Coroner, Inquiry concerning. Slot. Excest; Temp, inert.

<£mbracerp

Inquiry concerning.

Trade with, prohibited.

- 20 £. III. c. 6.

[ And see Title Juriej.]

dBnemu0

- - 9 E. III. st. 1. e...

\_And See Title Merchants.']

<Engle0c&rie

Presentment of, abolished.

&c.

- 42 £. III. c. 3.

<ZE0cape

V

in

H

1)0

£ngli0t)

Pleas shall be debated in. - - 36 E. III. st. 1. c. ij. 375,4

- 14 E.III. st. 1.1.4. . ij2

dEntrp

Writ of, in the Post against Alienee. Marlb-, 52 H. III. c. 29.

----------Voucher to Warranty on. - Westm. 15 3 E. I. c. 40.

----------by and against Heirs. - Westm. I 5 3 E.I. r.47.

---------on Alienation by Tenant

in Dower. ... Gloucj 6E.I. c.7.

---------------------------by Tenant

by the Curtesy. - - Westm. 2; 13 E.I. c.3.

4Erroc

Bill of Exceptions on. - - Westm. 2; 13 £./. f.31.

On Judgements by Steward, 8cc. ( 5 E. III. e. 2.

of the Houshold. - 10 E. III. st. 1. e. 1.

In Parliament, from inferior Courts. 14 E. III. st. I. c. J. Within the City of London, &cc. - 28 E. III. c. 10.

From the Court of Exchequer. - 31 E.III. st. 1. c. 12.

On Accusations without Presentment,

>5

3š

Of Felons, Fines upon.

AClion against Gaoler for Punishment of Marshal for

Of Baronies, 8c c.

r Westm. I; 3 E.I.c. 3.

-I De visu. Franc-, Temp. ine. (. 31 E. III. st. I. c. 13, 14. J Wtstm. 2; 13 E. I. c. II. " \ St. Merc j 13 E.I.

- S E.III. c.i.

<ZE0cbeat0

È?

2Ç

>77

282

34*

35'

3Ç

it

246

3J>

li

100

26)

È7

Magna Carta-, c. 3>*

-Artie, sup. Cart-,tiE.Lc.\U^

Escheators shall not commit Waste.

{Artie, sup. u.an ,*ÇÒ.'

14 E. III. it. I. r. >3- tt- 4- f-4- 36 E. III. c. >3.

36

. (28 E.I.c.ig. *

On Amoveas manum, Issues restored. ¥( pMaetonbus; 29 E.I.

Deterr. Tempi-, llE.II.

Of Lands of Templars.

Of Gavelkind Lands.

Accounts of Escheats by Sheriffs, Of Lands of Aliens, &c.

- Cons. Cant-, Temp.ins.

- Stat. de lesehel j Temp. inc.

- Prerog. Regis i Temp, incirt.

>95

374

14"

>4>

.95

224

>97

226,7

E.

Tr*dÇ with,

* -lllite

lajlM

E'ewihillbf debated ia.

Presentment of, iholiihti

Hill:

MiaÈw

Cntrp

Wnt of, in thePoÇa^^inst Alienee. JMjpU,

---------Voucher to Wimnty on. . VÕaai|]||t

--------byindipnwHtin. .

------- on Alienation by Taunt

ÒDower. . . . Gbifliq

--------------------by Tenant

bytheCuneiy. . ¥

Crror

Bill of Eiceptions on. - ¥ Feea.:; glia

On Judgements by Steward, lie. IjLUhl of the HoushoU. ¥

In Parliament, from inferior Cotuts. t^ilHsu Within the City of Londoo, kt. . dlit* From the Court'of Eicbequer. -

On Accusations without Presentment,

be. .

tm

Of Felons, Fines upon.

Ad ion against Cadet for Punishment of Marshal for

(IFssiii^ ¥ ft*sfÈ>

(ji£12ÔÇ

f Fast; .if' '{fcjfrt; 5"

Of Baronies, Ac. ^*Cr>

Li*Ò*

s.sÑ*'*-.[pi

id&U

clÑÑ*Ñ

Of Lands of TetnphÓ- * ^0;^

Of Garelkind La"dÈ- _ ***#*

Accowt.ofEKhe.ob!^ _ M*>

Of Lands of Aliens Òc'

411

4B0cheatÇ

(continued.)

Statute

Page.

Escheators, their Appointment

14 E. III. st. 1. c. 8.

J8j

_______ in Kent.

Cons. Cant; Temp, incert.

223

_______their Sufficiency.

41 E. III. c. j.

388

-----------their Oath.

Jur. Escaetor} Temp. inc.

249

Sub-Escheators, their Sufficiency. -

f 4 £.///. c. 9. 1 5 E. III. c. 4.

264 2 66

Accounts by Escheators.

28 E. III. c. 4.

345

Inquests of Escheators.

r 34 e.iii. c. 13,14.

1.36 E. III. c. 13.

368

374

Escheats in Treason, Petit Treason,

&c.

25 E.III. st. 5. e. 2.

320

<g0cuage

Shall be taken as formerly.

Magna Carta ; c. 37.

118

<g00oin

When it lies, or not.

Mod. calumpn. Eton-, Temp.inc. 217

Only one, after Issue joined.

Marlb ; 52 H. III. c. 13.

23

---------for Coparceners, &c.

Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 43.

37

. .Ñ . for Husband and Wife.

Glouc \ 6 E. I. c. 10.

49

. for Executors.

9 E. III. st. i. c. 3.

271

---------after Issue.

Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I. c. 27.

85

In County Courts, 8cc. not sworn to. .

Provisiones; 43 H. III.

LMarlb-, 52 H. III. c. 20.

IO

24

After Appearance, not allowed Assise, See.

-1

' Westm. 1 } 3 E. I. c. 42.

Glouc; 6 E. I. c. 8.

. Westm. 2 } 13 E.I.c. 28.

37

48

85

De ultra mare.

Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 44.

37

In Plea of Land, in Wales.

St. Wallie\ 12 E. I. c. 7.

63

None for an Appellor.

Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 12.

81

De malo le£Ii.

Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 17.

82

r Glouc \ 6 E. I. c. 8.

48

Of the KingÕs Service.

-j

De Esoniis ; Temp, incert.

De visa Terre, £sV; Temp. inc.

218

218

Lj E. III. c. 6.

267

In Kent.

Consuet. Cant; Temp, incert.

225

<g0totier0

Of a Widow.

Magna Carta \ c. J.

"5

Of a Prisoner from his own Goods,

&c.

Pending Plea in London.

- De Cat all. Felonum ; Temp. inc. 230

<g0trepement

- Glouc ; 6 E. I. c. 13.

[ And tee Title Watte.)

<ZB0treat0

By Justices of K. B. and in Eyre From Chancery into the Exchequer,

f Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 18. .) c-4S-

(_ 27 E. I. st. 1. c. 2.

Extr. ad Scac ; 16 E. II. Id.

Form and Order of.

Of Fines by Justices.

By Steward of the Houshold,

Cleric of the Market, Aulnager,

Butler, &c. - - -Id.

Of FelonsÕGoods. - - 31 E. III. it. I. e. 3.

Account of by Sheriffs. - . 42 £. III. c. 9.

gramlnatton

Of Clerks presented to Benefices. - Artie. Cleri\ 9 E. II. c. 13.

5¡

31

38

129

190 *91

191, 192

35¡

389

>73

Bill of

grerptfona

. Westm.H 13 E.I. r. 31.

87

grebange

Tables of at Dover.

Persons.

. and elsewhere.

. not by Private

Statute.

{Defalsa Moneta ; 27 E. 9 E. III. st. 2. c. 7.

- 18 E. III. st. 2. c. 6.

- - 25 E. III. St. 5. C. 12.

Ñ at the Staple Ports. 27 E. III. st. 2. c. 14.

Nov.Ordenances; 5 E.ll. c. 30. C De Moneta; Temp. inc. f De Monoie; 17 E. III.

14 E. III. st. 2. e. 4.

(And see Title Money."]

Of Money by advice of Parliament.

------------imported.

Warden of, his Duty

Pape.

¥33

273

301

322

338

165

219

299

291

grcjjequet

Summons of, on Estreats of Justices, &c.

Mode of accounting in, by Sheriffs, Bailiffs, &c. and Distresses for the KingÕs Debts, in

?{

Process of, shall be shown to Debtors.

i

Accounts of the Counties by Sheriffs, in

No Common Pleas in

Proceedings against Accountants in Baron of, shall examine Issues levied in Counties.

Payment of Customs, &c. into Estreats from Chancery, &c. into Records of Justices of Assise, 8cc.

sent into - -

Clerk of Remembrance, &c. in

Westm. 1 ; 3 E. /. e. 18. 31

Estat. del Eschel; Temp. inc. 197 Nov. Ordinances ., 5 E. II. c. 24. 163 Westm. 4; 14 E. II. - 180

Westm. I ; 3 E. I. c. 19. 32

42 E. III. c. 9. - 389

Provis. in Scac; 12 E. I. 69

' Provis. in Scac; I 2 E.I. 70

Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I. c. 4. 138 . Nov. Ordinances; 5 E. II. c. 25. 163 Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 11. 80

De Finibus ; 27 E. I. c. 2. 129

Nov.Ord.; 5 E.ll. r.4,8. 158, 9

De extr. ad Scac; 16 E. II. 190

9 E. III. st. I. c. 5. - 272

37 E¥ m- c- 4- - 379

grcommunlcattan

. ... , , , r, C Sententia Excom; / 37 UI.

Against Violators of the Great I \ 25 E. I.

Charter. - -] Confirm. Cart j 25 E. I.

V De Tallag; 2 J E. /.

Persons excommunicate not bailable. Westm. 153 E. I. c. 15.

_ , _. , , ( Artie. Cirri s o £. II.

Repeal or Discharge of c 5, 7, 12

6

126

123

12 S 3¡ Ç7i ¥73

gmutfon

On Foreign Voucher in London. On Statute Merchant.

By Elegit.

Of Process, Resistance to.

_________by whom it may be.

On Obligations, 8cc. recorded. Against Executors.

By and against Executors of Executors.

On Recognisances of the Staple.

- Glouc \ 6 E. I. c. 12. f De Mercat; 11 E.I.

ÕI 13 E.I.

- Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 18.

- Westm. 2 } 13 E. I. c. 39.

- Lincoln de Vic ; 9 E. II. st. 2. Westm. 2 } 13 E.l.c. 4J.

- 9 £. ///. st. 1. c. 3.

¥ 25 E. III. st. J. f. J.

- 27 E. III. st. 2. c. 9.

49

S3È 54 99, too

82 9* 175 93 *7'

3È> 337

grecutorff

Of the KingÕs Debtor.

Answerable for Aide pro file marier. A&ion of Account by Resummons by, in Plea of Ward. Of Persons slain in War.

A£Iion of Trespass by

Essoins by, and Process against

Executors of Executors, Action by.

- Magna Carta ; c. 18.

116

- Westm. 1 ; 3 E.I.c. 36.

35

. Westm. 2 } 13 E.I.c. 23.

83

- Westm. 2 } 13 E.I.c. 33.

89

- 1 E. III. c. 3.

252

- 4 E. III. c. 7.

263

. 9 E. III. st. 1. c. 3.

271

- 25 E. III. st. 5. c. J.

321

VOL. I.

5m

©remption

Statute.

Charter! of, to Jurors.

{Provisiones ; 43 H. III. Marti ; 52 H. III. c. 14.

Page.

IO

23

tfreter

Statute of, concerning Coroners. - Temp, insert.

Declaration concerning Process of in Debt, 8cc.

Of Freeman, by Law only. Of H. le Despenser, Father and Son

©rfgentj

. ¥{

18 E.III. si. 1.

st. 2. e. j. - 25 E. III. st. j. 1.17.

©rile

- Magna Carta; e. 29. 15E.II.

1 E.III. st. I.

210

299

301

322

1 *7 181Ñ185 251

©rtenta qpanerii

Statute.

Of extending ot surveying a Manor. - Temp, insert.

©rtortlon

By Sheriffs, See. Punishment of. By Clerks of Justices.

By Officers of Courts.

By Coroners.

Indictment of Ordinaries for In Probates of Wills.

- Westm. ij 2 E.l.c. 16.

¥ - t. 27.

f Westm. I } 3 E. I.t. ,o.

\ Westm. 1; 13 E.I.c.44.

- Stat. Excest; Temp. ine.

- 25 E. III. st. 6. c. j,

- 31 E. III. rt. t. c. 4. .

V

Mi

33

33

34 93 *U 3*6 3SÈ

dBpre

f Provisiones i 43 H. III.

Amercements by Justices in - < Marti; 52 H.lII.e. 24.

L Westm. 1; 3 E.I.c. 18.

The VoacWi Appearance in -

Delivery of Writs and Appointment

of Attomies in - . Westm. 2; 13 E.I. e. 10.

Articles and Oaths of Officers in ( Sacr. Min. R,g\ \Temp. f EyTe. - - - (_ Capitula hmeru; J me. \

11

>5

3>

11

*5

53'

>33

F.

jFaira

Statute. Page.

Shall not be kept in Church Yards. - Wynton ; 13 E. I. c. 6. 98

Seal for Statute Merchant in - St. Merc j 13 E.I. - 100

Shall last only according to Charter, ( Northampton ; 2 E. III. c. I j. 260 itc. - - -\5 E. III. c. 5. - 266

JFare

Of Passengers at the Ports.

4 E. III. c. 8.

263

JFarmew

Shall do no Waste during their Term. - - -1 Being Rebels, Punishment of

Provisiones; 43 H. III.

Marti j 52 H. III. c. 23.

Did. de Kenilw, 52 H.III. c.24

11

*4 16

JFatee JuDgementff

Plea of in the KingÕs Court only.

Amercements for, in Eyre.

Writ of, Averment in. -

Provisiones ; 43 H. III. Marti ; 52 H. III. c. 19. Westm. I ; 3 E. I. c. t8. i E. III. st. 1. c. 4.

10

*4

31

253

JTalgc 6šonep

Importation of, prohibited.

sÕ De falsa Monet a ; 27 E. I. De Moeieta; Temp, ine,

9 E.III. st. 2. c. 2.

(.IT E.III.

[And See Title Money.]

131 219 273 299

JTal0c J0eto0

Penalty of publishing

Westm. 1 j 3 E.I. c. 34.

35

JTalflfe Beturw

Of Writs by Sheriffs.

Statute. Pip.

{Westm. 2 1 13 E. I. c. 39. 90

Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I. c. 16. 140 [And See Title Sheriffs.]

Jfealtg

Of a Freeman, or Villain. Form of. Mod. fac. Horn-, Temp.ine. 127,1

jFcea

None on Criminal Inquisitions.

To Sheriff on View.

To Sheriffs and other Officers.

To Marshal and Chamberlain.

To Porters, Chirographers, JudgesÕ Clerks, &c.

To Clerk of Statute Merchants.

- Magna Carta; c. 26.

r. 35.

- Westm. I; 3 E.I.c.25.

- Westm. 2) 13 E.I. r.42.

- Id.

f-44-

For Bill of Grace in Ireland.

To the Marshal, from Prisoners.

None by Sheriffs, 8cc. from Felons. - None by the Judges except from the King.

Of Aulnager for Cloths sold.

To Mayor and Constables of the Staple. ...

-{St. Merc .,{"%[ .

- Ordin.pro Hii; 17 E. II -Id. -- 4 E. III. c. 10.

20 E. III. e. 1.

27 E. III. st. 1.1.4- r 27 E. III. st. 2. c. 1. .

1 t-9- -

lOrdin.defeodis Moj-&.

Ò7

Il8

33

91

93

54

100

'93

a.

164

304

33¡

333

331

J43

Forfeiture of Lands, See. of ---------------------------in Kent.

JFelona

r Magna Carta; c. 22- 1

-< Prerog. Regis', Temp.M- W 1 De Cat all. Felonum \ Temp.m- ^3 f Consuet. Cantu; 7 (_ Prerog. Regis > )

jrlab

0twmik*mm*TH')hu..

Sheriffs, Ac. Punishment of. By Clerks of Junket.

By Officer, of Coum.

By Coroners.

Indictment of Ordinaries fÇ In Probates of Will..

¥lUifc.

Inquest of Goods of

Suit and Process for arrest of

Feiony,

Conditions to be granted.

JFelon0

continued.

Statute.

( Stat. Excestre; Temp. inc.

" 31 E.III. st.\. c.y

{Westm. I } 3 E.I.c. 9. Wynton ; 13 £. /. r. I, 2. 5 E. III. c. 11.

25 E. III. st. S. c- Ç4-

J2 E. III. c. 2.

10 E. III. st. 1. r. 2.

14 £ III. st. t. c. 15.

27 E. Ill. st. 1. c. 3.

I Ordin. pro Hib i 31 E-

it. 4. c. 6.

Westm. l-,3 E.I.c. 12

Page.

211

350

28

96

267

322

257

*75

286

330

359

f|tt

Amercements by Juabcea in . |

The VoucheeÕ. Appewnce in .

. llWipIl

Delirery of Writ, and Appointment of Anomie, in . . rÇ,.^

Articles and 0.4. of OScm in Eyre.

Westm. 2} 13 E- L M4- f Artie, sup. Cart ¥, 28 E. 1.7 \ st. 3. c. 2.5

10.

'.(SSl

punishment of Felons refusing to plead.

Felonies declared, viz.

Rape of Women.

Purveyance without Warrant.

Compelling fW<" .È 1*

Appellors. - *

Importing false lioneyÈ 8cc. ' ^m.st.t. Forestalling or ingrossing Wines. | rf. 2.

Stealing Hawks. - - 37 E- IIL c- '9

fencing

Schools for, forbidden in London. - St. Civ. Lond, E. L

c.5. c. II.

29

87

¥37

284

299

331

337

383

IO3

feoffment

Of Writ, by Sheriff.

ÕMVs 1

f Provisiones ; 43 H. III.

Services under, shall be consonant to.| MaM. H. j/j. f. 9.

By Guardian of WardÕs Land, shall be a Disseisin.

Priority of, giveth Wardship.

What Words in, shall create Warranty.

. Westm. 1; 3 E. I. c. 48.

- Westm. H 13 E-1- t. 16.

_ De Bigamis ; 4 E. I. c. 6.

Iflltf

Of a Freemaa, 0. VUlam. Form of. Up*

Earl of, his Ransom. John de, Pardon to.

tfercar*

- Dift.deKenilw, $lH.III. r. 14. 14 .25 E.I.

Time of taking of Salmon.

Whales and Sturgeons belong to the King.

Sale of Herring at Yarmouth Fair. _______ Salt Fish, &c. at Blakeney.

Statute.

. Westm. 2 i IS E.I- r-47-

. Prrrog. Regis \ Temp. H*-

r 31 £. III. st. 2.

35 E.III. st. 1.

ã 31 E.III. A. 3.

Page-

94

226

353

369

355

Penalty on suing in, against Judgements of the King's Courts

foreign Court*

27 E. Ill- c. I.

3J9

fore*t

Disafforestation of Land.

Summons of, to Strangers.

Purpresture, Waste, and Assart, in

Range of the Forest.

Lawing of Dogs.

Colle&ions of Foresters.

Keepers of Forests, Appointment and Duty of.

120

lb.

120

8

21

38

82

43

124

Ô1

None on Cnmiml Inquisitions ¥

To Sheriff on Vie*.

T. Sheriff md other O&m-

To Minlnl Çd Oumberhui-

To Porters, ChirofÈPhtn> *** g

Oerb,*c- * \ Jit

To CWrk of Statute Merriun0-

For Bill of Grace in W"1- TodeMuMta^. 0:.

^^Shcn^kc.fromFek*^ 4

None by 4*

Oil Disseisin and Redisseisin.

On the County, assessing.

For Murder.

For Escapes and Concealment of Felons.

Estteats of, into the Exchequer. For Alienations without Licence. On Pledges.

fine*

( Merton; 20 H. III. c. 3.

J Marlb; 52//. HI- e- 8- -*

l Westm. I i 3 E.I.c. 37. 36

- Westm. I v 3 E. I. c. 18- 31

f Provisiones ; 43 H. III. 11

Õ\Marlb; 52 H. Ill- c. 25. 2J

f Westm. I J 3 E. I. c. 3, 9. 28, 29

. \ 31 E.III. st. I. r. 14- 351

7 De Extr. ad Scac \ 16 E. II. 191 L St. del Escheh ¥, Temp. inc. 198

I £. III. St. 2. c. 12. - 256

38 £. III. st. 1. C. 3. - 383

Courts of Swanimote, &cc.

Agistment, Pawnage, 8cc.

Deer, stealing of.

Ñ taking by Noblemen. Cheminage.

Pardon of Outlaws.

Pleas of the Forest.

Taking Offenders in Forests.

Free Chace, Warren and Common in Lands disafforested.

[And See Title Amercements.]

^"LforOhi^

of Aahur Ó* L

theSofl*. *

til**

yl**

0

ftw

, t JmK .tab* W*'1

Required to bar Femes Covert.

By Donees in Tail, shall not bar their Heirs.

Manner of levying Fines, and Exceptions thereto.

Plea of Nonclaim of Fines no Bar

jfine of ILanW

Glouc ; 6 E. I. c. 3 Westm. 2} 13 E.I. c. 1

47

( Mod. levandi Fines ; ^ Temp. ^

- Carta de Foresta 5 e. I, 3-

¥ ¥ Id. e. 2.

{Carta de Foresta j f.4.

Cons. Ilf Ass. de For ; Temp. inc. 243 . Carta de Foresta; c. 5.

f Carta de Foresta; c. 6.

-< De Finibus ; 27 E. I. . */

C. Cons, lit Ass. de For; Temp. inc. 244 r Carta de Forestac. 7.

-I De Finibus *, 27 £. I.

L25 £. III. st. 5. c. 7. r Carta de Foresta ¥, c. 7.

J De Finibus; 27 E.I.

- | Nov. Ordinances ¥, j £. II.

V.2J £. III. st. 5. c. 7.

' Carta de Foresta ; c. 8.

De Finibus ; 27 £. I.

ÑC Ordin. Foreste¥, 34 £. I. c. I.

Nov. Ord; j £. II.

J2oni. lit Ass. de Forj Temp. inc.

( Carta de Foresta \ c. 9, 12, 13.

-< De Finibus} 27 £. I. 127, 8

L Cons, lit Ass. de For | Temp. inc. 244 ( Carta de Foresta -, c. to. 121

-< De Finibus ', 27 £. I. 127

l Cons, lit Ass. de For-, Temp. inc. 244 f Carta de Foresta jr. II, 121

'\De Finibus¥, 27 E.I. - 127

{Carta de Foresta j c. 14. 121

De Finibus} 27 E.I. - 128

{Carta de Foresta} c. 15. 121

De Finibus ; 27 £. I. - 128

{Carta de Foresta-, c. 16. 121

De Finibus \ 27 £. I. 128

. De malefac. in Parcis-, 21 E.I. Ill

.{Ordin-Foreste; {3^[c 6 J44

120

120

127

20

127

321

120

¥27

160 321 121 ¥27 148

161

243

121

Appointment and Duty of Officers.

- Ordin.Foreste; 34 £. f. r. 2,3,4.

148

Pardon of Trespassers.

*¥$'

¥49

Justice of the Forest, his Power.

c.6.

¥49

Customs and Assise of the Forest.

- Consult. £5* Ass.

¥, Temp. incert.

*43

Ordinances of the Forest.

-(Sii ¥

¥44

¥47

Bail of Offenders in Forests.

- 1 E. III. st. 1.

c. 8.

254

Perambulation of.

. 1 E. III. st. 2.

f. i.

*55

Housbote and Haybote.

f Cons, lit Ass. de

For\ Temp. inc.

243

-\i E. III. St. 2.

c. a.

255

General Pardon of Offences

in Forests.

. 43 E. III. C. 4

392

72

........................ . _ 214

J De Fin. lit Attorn ; inc. \ 215

* (. De Finibus *, 27 E. I. st. 1. e.i. 129 . 34 E. III. c. 16. - 368

jrote0taUer0

Inquests concerning Punishment of

Of Wine from Gascony, and other Foreign Merchandise.

- Judic. Pillor; Temp. inc. 202

c De Pistoribus, ISc; Temp. inc. 203,4

J 25 £¥ III. st- 3- c- 3

I 71 E. III. st. 2.

135 E.III. r 27 £. Ill- St. 1

r 27 £. Ill- st. I. c. J. j st. 2. c. II.

-X 28 £.///.<¥ 13- 137 E. III. 1.16.

3*5

353

369

331 337 348, 9 382

jFufeftute

Of Lands of Felons.

Of Office, for Extortion.

Of Lands on Cessavit.

Of Lands aliened in Mortmain.

By Tenant for Life, on Waste.

Of Lands, &c. on Champerty.

Not on Alienation without Licence.

In Treason and Petit Treason, &c.

Of Chattels, by Felons not appearing. Of Lands and Goods for suing in Foreign Courts.

Statute. Page.

Magna Carta ; c. 22. - 116

Prerog. Reg-, Temp. inc. 227

/ Westm. I } 3 E. I. c. 30. 34

"t Westm. 2 } 13 E. I. c. 44. 93

( Glouc-, 6 E. I. c. 4. - 48

De Gaveleto ; Temp. inc. 222

- De viris Relig ; 7 E. I. JI

- Glouc ; 6 E. I. c. 5. - 48

- Artie, cup. Cart; 28 E. I. c.II. 139

- 1 E. III. it. 2. c. 12. - 256

25 E. III. st. 3. c. 2. - 320

34 E. III. c. 12. - 367, 8

23 E. III. ct. 5. c. 14. 322

- 27 E. III. ct. 1. c. 1. - 329

jFormeDon

In descender &c. on Alienation

by Tenant in Tail. - - Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 1. 72

jFowtftobe

Lands forfeited on Cessavit in London. De Gaveleto ; Temp. inc. 222

jFourc&er

By Essoin, by Parceners.

- Westm. 1 } 3 E. I. c. 43.

37

-------------by Baron and Feme.

- Glouc \ 6 E. I, c. 10.

49

-------------by Executors.

- 9 E. III. st. 1. c. 3.

271

jFrance

People of England, not subjefi to the

King as King of France. - 14 E. III. st. 3.

292

JFrantbi0C0

Arresting Felons within

- Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 9.

29

Excess of Jurisdiction in

- Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 35.

35

Claim of

- Glouc ; 6 E. I. - 43

, 46

Usurpation of, in Wales.

- Wa/lie; 12 E. /. c. 4.

57

By Prescription, confirmed. Writ of ad quod damnum,

- Quo Warranto; 18 E. I.

I07

on Purchase of.

- De Lib. perquir; 27 E. I.

131

Trial of Deeds, made within.

- 9 E. III. st. 1. c. 4.

[And See Title Liberties.]

271

jFrangentfou* prfaonam

Statute.

Breach of Priaon how puni&hed. -St.de frang.pri/; 23 £. l

JFranbplrDge

View of, how to be made. - - De Fin Franc -, Terna.^

JFrautur

By Feoffments, &c. to defeat

Wardship. - Marlb; 32 H. III. t. 6.

By feigned Recoveries in London. - Glouc \ 6 E. I. c. 11.

By Feoffments, to deceive

Creditors. - - -50 E. III. c. 6.

[And See Title Ctllusm.]

.V

"1

JTrce Cbate

And free Wanen in the KingÕs Demean.

Or din. Forests-, 33 E. /.

'44

JFmfjoto

None shall be disseised of against Law.

Distress to answer for Alienation of.

Magna Carta; c. 29.

Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 24.

23 E. III. st. 5. (. 4.

128 £.///. r.3.

C Provisiones; 43 H. III.

~ £ Marli; 52 H. III. e. 22.

- Quia Emptorrs; 18 E. I. (.1,2.106

"?

33

3:1

34J

11

44

After Felons.

jFreab ©uit

( Westm. I; 3 E.I.c. 9. Il \ Wynton j 13 E.I.c. 1. 96

[And See Title Hue and Cry.]

jrrfacombauD, dEmerp

And his Company, banished. Nov. Ordenances ; 5 E. II. 161

JFut0

Who may wear. . - 11 £. III. c. 4. - jto

[And See Title Appeeel)

D EX.

INDEX.

415

puniskei

Ô %

/tttCliiii

And free Warren in the KingÕi Demean.

After Felons-

And hit Company, bamsW. *È ^

lua

Who may rtu.

G.

Itakfti

View of, how to he made, . .

Inn

By Feoffments, kc. to defeat Wardship. - ¥ ¥

By feigned Recoretiee in loodaL . Gk-,11^ By Feoffments, to decern

Crtdhoa ¥ ¥ ¥ JUKI

VWfc

Gaola anti Gaoler*

Inquiry as to Gaolers compelling Prisoners to be Appellors.

Statute.

Page.

1 E. III. A. J. e. 7.

*53

14 E. III. st. i. c. 10.

284

4 E. III. c. 10.

264

10 E. III. A. 2.

*77

14 E. III. st. 1. c. 10.

284

By Justices of Assise.

[And See Title Sheriffs.']

GaoMDeliberp

C De finihus; 27 E. I. st. I. c. 3. 129 ~ 12 E. III. c. 2. - 238

[ And See Title Assises.]

Of appointing Ministers in.

Forestalling and buying Wines there.

Gagconp

'{

Nov. Ordenanees ; 5 E. II. c. 16. 160

27 E. III. st. 1. c. 5, 6, 7. 331

42 E. III. c. 8. - 389

43 E. III. c. 2. - 391

fRftfe

flip (/),:)

None ihall be diueined of against iFaii,,;' Law. . . .jjjIlL

llliffll)

Distress to answer for .

Alienation of. ¥ ¥ JaEyri

Gabajiton

Piers de, Banishment of - Nov. Ord. 3 E. II. c. 20. 162

--------- Indemnity to his Prosecutors,

kc. - - 7 E.II. - - 169,170

jToiiijiij

[Jikli

Custom of in London. ------------in Kent.

Custom of, in Wales. ------------in Kent.

Gabelet

- De Gaveletto ; Temp. inc. Consuet. Cantie \ Temp. inc.

Gabelfeinb

- St. Wallie\ 12 E. I. e. 13.

C Consuet. Cant; 7 t_. ¥ f

-\prerog.RegU;Vtmp-,nC- {

Of Wine imported.

(gauging

¥{

f 27 E. III. st. 1. c. 8. 31 E. III. st. 1. e. 3.

222

224

68

224

227

33*

35¡

11 III1*

[iikJ*

Gtouceutet

Statute.

The Statute of

------Exposition of

Custom of, as to FelonsÕ Lands. - Prerog. Reg ; Temp. inc.

- ft E. I. . Id.

Page.

45

5¡

227

Goto ant) Sifter

Vessels of, how to be made and C Artie, sup. Cart) 28 E.I. c. 20. 140

Ç " -O.

assayed, &c.

Shall not be exported.

-lil E- Hi- c. 7.

C 9 E. III. st. 2. c. 1.

438 E. III. st. 1. e. 2. [And See Title Money.]

(Food TBeftatiiour

Sureties for, by Felons pardoned. - 10 E. III. st. 1. c. 3.

380

*73

383

*75

Of Liberties, &c. Form of Confirmation of

Construction of

Grant*

- - Forma Conf. Cart \ 13 E.I.

Grant of tfte Cling

- - Prerog. Reg j Temp. inc.

[And see Title King.]

104

227

Green=Ifllar

Of Debts levied by Process under, ^ De Finihus; 27 E.I.

in Exchequer.

e. 2.

42 E. III. c. 9.

[And See Title Sheriffs.]

129

389

Guardian

{Magna Carta ; e. 4, 5. H'estm. I i 3 E.I. e. 21. Glouc; 6 E. I. c. 5.

14 E. III. st. 1. c. 13.

C Provisiones} 43 H. III.

Ô | Mur lb -, 52 H. III. e. 17.

C H'estm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 48.

- £ Westm. 2 ¥, 13 E. T. c. 7$. Collusion by, in Recovery of Dower. H'estm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 4.

[And See Title Wardship.]

Shall take reasonable Issues, and do no Waste.

In Soccagc, Account, &c. by

Feoffment by, of WardÕs Lands, is Disseisin.

114, 113

3*

48

- 286

- to *4 38 84

75

H.

Ayries of in Forests.

Penalty for taking or concealing.

In Forests.

Statute.

Page.

- Carta de ForeAa 1 c. 13.

121

C 34 E.III. c. 22.

369

£37 E. III. c. 19.

383

$agbote

C Cons, hif Ass. de For; Temp.

inc. 243

'li E. III. st. 2. 2.

*55

Relief of Marriage of

Bastards shall not inherit. Feoffment to, to defeat Wardship. Assise by, to recover Lands after Wardship.

Of Sheriffs, how liable.

IJJcirg

Statute. Page-

- Magna Carta} c. 23. 114

r Magna Carta', e. 6. 113

j Merton ¥, 20 H. III. c. 6, 7. 3

| H'estm. I } 3 E.I. e. 22. 33

L Prerog. Regis i Temp, insert. 226

- Merton; 20 H. III. c. 9. 4

- Marlh ¥, 32 H. III. e. 6. 20

C Provisiones ; 43 H. III. to

- £ Marlh 552 H. III. e. 16. 23

- H'estm. I ¥, 3 E. I. c. 19. 32

VOL. I.

JN

Digitized by

A


Oric

416

Q)efr0

continued.

Statute.

Page.

Of Disseisee, Alienee, &c. Writs of (

1 Westm. 1 4 3 E. I. c. 47.

38

Entry &c. by and against. - J

[ Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I. c. 24.

83

When bound to Warranty by Deed. -

De Bigamis \ 4 E.I. c. 6.

43

Non-aee of, where it shall delay the <

[ Glouc; 6 E.I. c. 2.

47

Suit. - - * (

^ iVestm. 2 j 13 E.I. c. 40.

9*

Of the Wife, not barred without Fine. Writ of Entry for, on Alienation by

Glouc \ 6 E. I. c. 3.

47

Tenant in Dower.

Glouc ¥, 6 E. I. c. 7.

48

Writ of Dower against

Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I. c. 4.

75

Writ of Advowson for

Westm. 2 } 13 E. I. c. j.

75

Cessavit by and against Of Debtor, by Statute Merchant,

Westm. 2; 13 E. I. c. 21.

83

how liable.

St. Merc513 E.I.

IOO

A£tion of Waste for

De Vasto ; 20 E.I.

109

Of Felons, attainted in Kent.

Consuet. Cantie j 1 Temp. C

223

________________and Gloucestershire.

Of Traitors not attainted while

Prerog. Regis-, J ,nc,ri- C

227

living. - - -

34 E. III. C. 12.

367, 8

[And See Title Wardship.]

For preventing the Forestalling, and regulating the Sale of

5>erring0

135

E. III. st. 2. E. III.

353

37¡

Jpigbtoaj)0

Cheminage in Forests.

No Distresses in Highways.

Carta de Foresta; c. 14.

X 21

f Provisions ; 43 H. III.

10

] Marlh ; 52 H. III. c. 15.

*3

1 Artie. Cleri; 9 E. II. c. 9.

172

f Wynton ; 13 E.I. c. 3.

97

4 Artie, ejusdem ; 7 -r . . l De Visu Franc; y TemP-,nc-

/ *45

I246

I£)olit)ap0

Assises of Novel Disseisin in, in Lent, &c. - - Westm. i; 3 E.I. c. 51.

Showing of Wools, at all Times

except Sundays, &c. - - 28 E. III. c. 14.

©omage

39

349

/ St. Hit. de Cohered; 20 H. III. $

226

By Coparceners. - / _ - -Ñ¥

l Prerog. Regis; Temp. <n(.

Mode of doing Homage by Freemen. Mod. fac. Horn ; Temp. inc.

Intrusion of Heir before Homage

done.

227

- Prerog. Regis; Temp. inc. 22 6

In Woods and Forests.

tyonep

Statute.

Õ Carta de Fonsta j 1.13.

tt>or0C0

.10E.111. st.x.c.1.

V

in

The KingÕs, Purveyance for.

.4 E.III.st.i.c.^ . J

36E.IILV<,Z'- . *

DO0pitafler0

Jurisdiction of Keepers of, their

Privileges. - - Westm. 2} 13 E. L f.43. Jt

Lands of Knights Templars, given to De ter. Templar; 17 £,//. Al<

ipou0ebote

/ Cons, fef Ass.de ForÕ, Temp,inc 11, *\i E.IU. <tui 3

In Forests.

s55

lt)OU0EboU)

The KingÕs, Ordinances relating to. j E. II. - . jjj

----------------------------------repealed. - ij E. II. - . ify

[ And See Title Purveyance]

Q}ue anD Crp

All shall be ready to follow, against

Felons.

Westm. I; 3 E. I. c. 9. 29

* ]ic. Coron; 4 EL - 41

Õynton; 13 E. 1. c. 1,6. 96,98

County answerable on Default of

j Wynton ; 13 E. I. c. I, 2. * \ 28 E. III. c. 11.

347

By Night-Watch.

- Wynton; 13 E. I. c. 4.

97

Against Purveyors.

- 27 E. III. st. 1. r.4.

335

$unt)teD0

Farming and Custody of

Shall be annexed to Counties. Bailiffs of Hundreds held in Fee.

{Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E.L c. 14. 140

Line ; 9 E. II. st. 2.

4 E. III. c. 15.

10 E. III. st. 2.

( 2 E. III. c. 12.

* 114 E.III.st. 1. r.9. ¥

. 14 E. III. st. i.c.9. ¥

[ And See Title Sherifi]

'75

263

*77

*59

284

284

h *Ç¥*Ç*?,** ^

* -Ç**w

i. & j.

'nÈWÇ.PÈmJwefct.

Jurisdi&ion of Kiepeit of, tbm

PmilejM. ¥ ¥ Ifciini

Lands of Knights Teffipbn, gimto Du,.;*,

In Forests.

JMkil

lllfflUi;

ty inreenble oo Default of

ght-Watch, lit Purveyors.

puitW

Firming and Custody of

Skill be annexed to Counties. BuliSt of Hundreds held in fee.

gaemptttate J3omtni0

The KingÕs, Ordinances relating to. j M .

-Ñ.-------------------repealed. ¥ tj£I .

[iulrU

pat anD Cti

Kail be ready to foflow, against

, nr . ..P

Writ of, when grantable.

Statute. - 37 E. III. c. 2.

Page.

379

J6tot0

Custody of their Lands by the King. Prerog. Reg; Temp, insert.

226

3feofatl0

What Errors in Pleading shall not hurt.

C St. Wallie 12 E.I. C. 8. . £36 E.III. st. 1. c. 13.

64

376

3Ieto0

Excepted from Statute Merchant. - Stat. Merc; 13 E. I. Restraints upon, and Privileges

granted to them. - - Estat. de Jeuerie ; Temp. inc. Pardon to the Jews of Fines, 8cc. - \ E. III. st. 2. c. 3.

100

221

255

3fmpri0onment

By the Law of the Land only.

if*#

'\jlWta . F^È#

. ijiUtta

Of Redisseisors.

Of Accountants.

Of Officers neglecting Hue and Cry. Of Felons standing mute.

On Banishment of Ward.

Of Trespassers in Parks, &c.

Of Pleaders, for Deceit.

Of Tellers of false News.

Of Debtors by Statute Merchant.

Of Disturbers of Advowsons.

Of Appellors of Felony.

ACtion for, against Sheriffs.

Magna Carta; c. 29.

25 E. III- st- 5- c. 4.

28 E. III. c. 3.

Hib\ 31 E.III. st. 4. c. 16. C Merton ; 20 H. III. c. 3.

I Marlb-, J2 H. III. c. 8. Marlb-, 52 H. III. e. 23. Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 9.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

c. 12. c. 13.

C. 20.

e. 29. '¥34-

C Stat. Mere ; 11 E. I.

i---------------- Ç3 E-L

- Westm. 2; 13 E. c. J.

- Id. - c.12.

- Id. - c. 13.

ri7

321

345

362

2

21

24

29

29

29

32

34

35 54 99 77 81 81

uoEfflt1

[jillLt

¥{niM

Jntlo0Ufe0

Restoring, by Townships, if destroyed in the Night. - - Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. e. 46.

Jntiemnttg

94

Of the Prosecutors of P. Gavaston. -

7 E. II.

169, 170

-----------------------of the Despensers.

1 s E. II.

186

---------------------------------repealed. -

13 E. II.

188

---------------------------------revived.

1 E. III. st. 1. c. 2.

- 252

Of the Supporters of Edward III.

1 E. III. st. 1. r. 1.

- 252

JnDfcaPtt

Writ of, when grantable, &c. - De conjunct, feff; 34 E. I.

JnDiftment

*47

Jnfant

Statute.

Page.

Usury shall not run against.

Merton ; 20 H. III. c. 3.

3

Disseisor or Disseisee, in Assise.

Westm. 1 ¥, 3 E. I. c. 47.

3š

May sue by his next Friend. -s

Westm. 1 i 3 E. I. c. 48.

38

Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 13.

82

Warranty of, on Alienation of Lands of Feme Covert.

Westm. 2 5 13 E.I. c. 40.

9Ç

Fines levied by, void.

Carl, de Finibus, Temp. inc.

215

3lnmate0

In Cities and Suburbs thereof.

Wynton ; 13 E.I. c. 4.

97

In London, shall be Freemen. Their Power in searching for False Money.

Shall sell at reasonable Prices.

JnnfeeepeM

- St. Civ.Land.

- 9 E. III. St. 2. C. II. ( 23 E. III. c. 6.

23 E. III. c. 5.

127 £. III. st. 1. c. 3.

Jnque0t0

Of Life and Member without Fee. - Magna Carta ; c. 26.

In Eyre, Attendance on, by all above ( Provisiones; 43 H. III.

¥- v-----,J Marlb-, 32 H. III. c. 24.

/ Westm. 1 -, j E. I. e. 11.

12 Years old. Of Homicide.

Of Malefaftors, under Seal, &c.

Of the Coroner.

On Amortising of Land.

Evil Procurers of, how punishable.

In the Eyre, Articles of Of the Escheator, Articles of Of Castles, Buildings, See. in Manors. Of the Customs of the Forest.

On the Statute of Wynton.

On View of Frankpledge.

In the Court of the Steward and Marshall. -

Of Sheriffs under Stat. Wynton. Commissions of general Inquiries repealed. -

By Escheators. - -

Õ \ Glouc -, 6 E. I. c. 9

{Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. e. 13.

Stat. Excest; Temp, insert.

- Ojfic. Coron j 4 E. I.

{De Lib. perq ¥, 27 E. /.

18 E. III. st. 3. c. 3.

- Artie, sup. Cart} 28 E.I. c. 10. - Capitula Itiruris;

Capitula Escaetrie;

Extenta Manerii}

Cons, (s' Ass. Forests;

Artie. Inquis. Wynt \

De Fisa. Franc ;

I Temp.

3 E. III. e. 2.

5 E. III. c. 14.

103

274

308

3i3

33¡

"7 11

*5

29

49

81

211

40

>3*

302

*39

233

238

242

243 24J

.246

266

268

Shall be taken by Indenture.

1 E. III. st. 3. c. 17.

257

Before Justices of the Peace.

4 E. III. c. 2.

262

Of Ecclesiastical Judges, forbidden.

18 E. III. st. 3. c. 6.

3 ¡3

Indi&ors shall not be on the Jury.

23 E. III. st. 3. c. 3.

320

All Inquests shall be by Commissions to Justices, &c.

34 E. III. c. 1.

34 E.III. c. 13, 14.

[And See Title Escheators.}

- 42 E. III. e. 4.

JncoUment

Of Writs of Redisseisin, 8cc.

- Westm. 2; 13 £. I. c. 8.

[And See Title Records.]

3<Sj

368

388

78

3|nttU0ion

By Heir of KingÕs Tenant before Homage. .*

f Marlb ¥, 32 H. III. c. 16 Prerog. Reg ; lernp. inc. c. I j.

24

22<S

3!oint=tenant0, <}c.

Parceners, shall do only one Suit.

f St. Hib. de Cohered; 20 H III 3

. Provisiones; 43 H. III. - 8

L Marlb ., 52 H III. c. 9. 21

joint-tenant*, sc.

continued.

Statute.

Page.

Parceners shall have only one Essoin, -|

f Westm. n j E.I. e. 43. L 9 E. III. e. 3.

37

271

_________one Assise of

Mortdancestor

Glouc; 6 E.I. c. 6.

48

Waste, ACticn of, between

Wettm. 2; 13 E.I. e. 22.

83

Plea of Joint-tenancy, Proceedings on.

De conj.fiejfat 7 34 E. I.

>45

3frelanD

Certificate thither as to Coparceners.

St. Hii. de Cohered; 20 H. III. 5

Statute-Merchant extended to

Stat. Merc 7 13 E.I.

100

The KingÕs Officers there restrained (

" Ordin. pro statu Hit; J it E.II.c. 1. f

193

in purchasing Land. - -1

. 31 E. III. st. 4. c. 10. 360

Purveyance regulated there.

r 17 e. 11. c. 2.

31 £. III. tt. 4. c. 4.

>93

358

Freedom of Merchants there.

17 E. II. c. 3.

193

Fees on Bills of Grace, &c.

Id. c. 4.

lb.

------of Prisoners to Marshall.

Id. c. 5.

Ib.

Pardon of Murder, Felony, &c. - -j

17 E.II.c. 6.

31 £. III. st. 4. c. 6.

>94

359

Original Writs, Process, 8cc.

17 E. II. c. 7.

>94

Assises of Novel Disseisin.

c. 8.

Ib.

Staple for Wool at Dublin, &c. - j

' 27 E. III. st. 2. c. 1, 3. 31 £. III. st. 4. c. 9.

333È4

360

Grant of Liberties to Church and J

I" Ordin. pro Hib; 31 E. III.

¥ 357

People. - - -1 Proceedings in Council, Parliament,

L t*. 4. c. 1. j

&c. - - -

Id. - c. 2, 3.

Ib.

Inquiries as to Homicides, 8cc.

State of Ireland, shall be truly certified

Id. - c. 5.

358.9

to England by the Council. Marriages between English and Irish

Id. - c. 7.

359

prohibited.

Id. - c. 8.

Ib.

Champerty, 8cc. forbidden.

Id. - c. 10.

360

No Common Pleas in the Exchequer.

Id. - c. 11.

- Ib.

Suggestions against Ministers there. -

Id. - c. 12.

360,1

Compensation for Depredations.

Id. - c. 13.

361

Accounts of Sheriffs.

Id. - c. 14,15.

361, 2

No Imprisonment against Law.

Id. - c. 16.

362

Inquests as to Proceedings of Officers.

Id. - c. 17.

Ib.

----------------Dissentions between

Irish and English.

Id. - c. 18.

363

----------------Weights and Measures.

Id. - c. 19.

Ib.

Freedom of Trade there.

34 E. III. c. 17.

368

-----------------------to and from

J 27 E. III. st. 2. c. 18.

34¡

England.

J 34 E. III. c. 18.

368

3Iron

Exportation of, prohibited.

28 E. III. c. 5.

345

3Çle0

Bailiffs of the Isles, their Account. - Estat. del Escheb ; Temp. inc.

I00UC0

By Sheriff, Guardian, See. shall be reasonable.

On the Grand Distress. Insufficient, by Sheriffs.

On Estreats from Exchequer.

-{

Shall be restored on Amoveas

manum

Wfilm.

De Fim Artie, s

luDgement

By Collusion against Termors. Against Magna Carta, void.

On Breach of Prison.

Delays of, how to be redressed.

Charters of Exemption from

Statute.

Glouc\ 6 E. I. c. n. Confirm. Cm j 2J ^

¡efiring. JVb; lj£/ '

>4 E. III. a, |. c, ^

3utte0

Who and how many shall be summoned ; their Qualification,

&c.

Trials by, in Wales.

Challenge of Jurors for the King.

Punishment of Corruption, Embracery, I 20 E. III. c. 6.

l Marti ; J2 h. in c. I4_

¥JVrfm.1,,3 E.Le.jo.

J DÔP^end. in AnjVlj. Aruc sup. Can; 28 34 E. III. f.4. m * 42 E. III. c. 11.

/ Wallie; 12 E.I.c. 8.

I"- - c. 14. .

-¥ Ordin. de Inquiry 33 £./

5 E. ///. c. ,0.

&c. in Jurors.

Juries de medietate Linguae.

- j 34 E. III. c. 8.

L38 E. III. st. 1. c. t2. / 27 E. III. it. 2. c. 8. t 28 E. III. e. 13.

JuriBUiftion

Of Foreign Courts denied.

49

È3

"3

282

10

J3

86

*9

"3

'39

365 3*9 <4.5

68

'43

267

3=5

366

3*5

33<

34*

- 27 E. III. it. 1. e. 1. . jjj

[And See Title Courts.]

3Iud0 utrum

Writ of, when maintainable.

_C Westm. 2; 13 E.I. c. 24. 14 E. III. it. 1. c. 17.

*3

Jl;

Ju0tite

Shall not be sold, denied, or delayed

Shall not be delayed by Commands under the KingÕs Seal, &c.

Magna Carta; c. 29.

¥ "7

Westm. I ; 3 E.I. c. I.

26

2 E. III. c. 8.

259

14 E. III. st. 1. e. 14.

- 286

20 E. III. c. 1, 2.

3=3.4

3Iu0ticc0

Appointment of, to hear and determine certain Offences.

The KingÕs Justices shall do right to all, without regard to any Commands, &c.

Their Oath.

- Rageman 74 E.I.

. 44

1 20 E.III.C. 1. -

3=3

J

- 3=4

r 14 E. III. st. i.r.J.

- 283

20 E. III. c. 3. 'At.

3=4.3=5

[And See Title Anita.J

31u0tice0 of Peace

Their Appointment in each County, their Jurisdiction, &c.

f 1 E. III. tt. 2. e. 16. ¥ ÈS7

4 E. III. e. 2. * >6l'È

. j 8 E. Ill- tt. 2. c. 2. ¥ 301

2; E. III. tt. 2. c. 3Ñ6- J'M'3 34 E. III. e. 1. .

Shall punish Offenders against

Stat. Wynton. - - 2 E.III.c.6.

Shall send their Indictments to Justices

of Assise.

Their Sessions.

4 E. Ill- c. 2. f 25 E. III. tt.i. r-7- I 36 E. III. e. 12.

Shall inquire of Weights and Measures.

- 34 E. Ill c. j, 6.

3<4

259

262

3*3

379

3<5

Writ of, in Wales.

JuBticieo

- St. Wallie \ nE.Lt. 6. <Ô

index.

¥ <*<:

By Collusion apitsstTtmon.

Aipimt Magna Can, rad.

On Breach of Prison. . . ftj^''

Delayed, howtobetttasiei. .

Quiten of Exemption from

.(**È

Uri;

Who ind how mint shall ht summoned; their Qualibatw, fcc.

Trials by, in Wales.

Challenge of Jurors for the Jury.

ijH rr

J*"#!,

. Sfc

.. . Ôi

¥ <*Ç**

Punishment of Corrupt^Embracm] Life kc.m Jurors. . ãl|tl

^UlUt

Juries de roedietate laiura*. fljilsy lilHia

Of Foreign Courts denied.

JjlIlUl

[is It-.,

Jorii otnus

Writ of, when maintainable.

Juititt

Shall nor be sold, denied, or debyed. .UpU.i Shall be done to all, Poor and Rids. Vaai; jli.

Shall not be delayed br Commands under the King's Seal, 4c. .(jgj

junta

of, to bear and certain Ofcnces.

. Jlf-it^

min uÈs*Ò**

ttices shaU do right nut regard to fflJ ! H

¥(!

.14tfflsu

iubi

n**.*SL'*¡*"

their Junsdsdlu*) Ç¥

,1*Ò

lit--

Shall panith Ofenim again#

Star. Wjmce. . . iULd

Shill tend their Indidmentitolmxn

of Ame. ¥ ¥ ¥

_ . . .

Their Sessions. ¥ ¥ ¥y£g;C

Shall inquire Measures-

of Weights :

Writ of, **È.

t.r*

K.

The Award made at.

Customs of.

Keniltoortb

Statute.

- 51 H- III-

Kent

. Consult. Cantu ; Temp. inc.

Page.

12

223

King

continued.

Indemnity to Supporters of King Edward III.

Corodies shall not be demanded by the King.

Lands holden of an Honour, of the King.

Statute.

- 1 E. III. rt. I. e. 1.

- 1 E. III. st. 2. c. 10.

. i E. III. st. 2. c. 13.

Bing

- 1 E. III. st. 2. c. i;- 2 E. III. c. 8.

1. e. 14.

r 2 E. III. c. 8.

< 14 E. III. st. 1 'Lao Kill. c. 1.

Relief of Heirs of his Tenants.

114

- Magna Carta \ c. 2. f Magna Carta j c. 8. - 11 j

| Artie, sup. Cart-, 28 E. I. c. 12. 139

Levying of the KingÕs Debts, and Remedy against the KingÕs Debtors.

I E. III. st. 2. c. 3.

23 E. III. st. 5. c. 19. Ordin. pro Hit -,

Distresses by the KingÕs Officers The KingÕs Power recognised.

The King is Sovereign Lord.

Aid of the King.

Usurpations on the Kings Franchises,

See. ...

Seiser and Reseiser of Escheats.

Free Chase and Free Warren in all Lands of the Crown.

The King may forbid wearing Armour against the Peace.

Restrained from going out of the Realm; ...

Appointment of his Ministers. Resumption of his Grants, Sec. Residence of Clerks in KingÕs Service

Allegiance to, Bill respecting

The KingÕs Coronation Oath.

The KingÕs Prerogative ; in Wardship,

n~"--------A llars-ifirsn

*55

323

361

362 389

23

, 31 E.IIL st. 4. c. 14,15. /

L42 K III. c. 9.

Marlb ; J2 H. III. c. 15.

{D* *h!Ói!lL.&c.} ,2> '3 II Duress on the King.

Westm. 1 } 3 E.I. e. 17. 31

DeBigamis-, 4 E.I. c. 1,2, 3. 42, 43

Writings to attend the King in Arms void.

Commands of the King shall not delay Justice.

Writs of Search on Petition to the

King. ... 14 E.III. rt. 1. c. 14.

{Westm. I ; 3 E. I. c. 28.

14 £. III. st. 4. c. 2.

Ordin. pro Clero; \

2J £. III. st. 6. c. 2, 3, 7. /

England not subject to the King,

as King of France. . - - 14 E. III. st. 3.

Page.

2 J2

*5 6

256

*J7

259

286

3¡4

286

33

293

31J.6

f iS £.//.

\ 15 E. III. st. 2.

J De natis in part, transm.

De Bigamis -, 4 E. I. c. 4.

De Escaetoribus -, 29 £. I.

Ordin. Foreste ; 33 E. I.

St. sup. Apart. Armor-, 7 E. II.

43

142

144

170

Nov. Ordenances; 5 E. II. c. 9. 159 Id. - c. 14, 15, 16. 161 Nov.Ordenances-, s E.II. e. 3, 7- 158 Artie. Cleri; 9 £.//. st. I. c. 8. 172

f Exit. H. le Dispenser ;

'( iSE.II. j

e £. II.

Õ.** ----'O-------- o * j

Marriage, Primer Seisin, Alienation I of Lands, Presentation to Churches, *sPrerogativa Regis-, Temp. inc. Custody of Idiots, Sec. Wreck, j Marlb-, 52 H. III. c. t6. Escheat, Homage, Grants, and Forfeitures of Felons. - -J Inquiry as to the KingÕs Rights by

Tenure. ... Capitula Ercaetrie; Temp. inc.

The KingÕs Business to be preferred

in the Exchequer. - Estat. del Escheb -, Temp. inc.

182

168

226

24

223

>97

The KingÕs Children inheritable, J De natis in part, transm. "> wherever bom. - 25 E.III. st. 1. J

Treason against the KingÕs Majesty,

defined. - - - 25 E. III. st. 5. e. 2.

Mesne Profits of Lands seized

by the KingÕs Eschcators. - 28 E. III. c. 4.

Of Accusations by Suggestion to the King.

f 25 E. III. st. 5. c. 4. ) 37 E. III. c. 18.

' (_38 Kill. st. l.c.g.

292

182

297

, 310

320

345

321 382 384

fcingÕ0 TScntb

Court of, shall follow the King. - Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I. c. j. 139 Marshal of, his Duty as to Prisoners. 5 E. III. c. 8. . 267

KnigbtbooD

Aids for

In what Cases respited.

- Westm. l -, 3 E. /. c. 36.

- De resp. MilitTemp. inc.

25

229

Bmgbt0.Cemplar0

Their Possessions given to the Hospital of St. John of Jerusalem.

De terris Tempi-, 17E.//. 194

Vrsi.. I.

L.

labourers

Statute. Page.

"23 E. III. st. I. c. IÑ4. 307

25 E.III. st. I. c. 1,2,3. 3Ó>312

31 E. III. st. t.c.Õj. ----

34 E. III. c. 9,10, 11.

^42 E. III. c. 6.

Fines on, given to Lords of Franchises. 31 E. III. st. i.c.6.

1 23 E. III.

J 25 E. III. st. 7.

(. 3d E. III. st. 1. c. 14.

And Servants; their Wages, &c regulated.

¥ applied to the Subsidies.

35¡ 366, 7 388

35¡ 3¡9 327 37 S

Petty, defined.

JLarcenp

- Westm. I; 3 E. I. c. 15. 30

latoÕ90ercfcant

... , , f Ordin. Stap ; E. III. 1

Contrails in the Staple, construed by -j Jt 2 f g J

336

Lead

Staple for, Duty on, and Exportation of

Provision for the Day in

\0rdinSÔV.l^\-3.} 332> 4

' - - Ô-*5- - 339

[ And See Title Staple.]

Heap gear

- - De anno Bisext-, 40 H. III.

Leather

Staple for, and Exportation of Imposts on, by Parliament only.

Ordin Stap ; 27 E. III. 0 st. 2. c. IÑ3. J 38 E. III. st. 1. c.6.

43 E. III. c. 1.

45 E. III. c. 4.

[And See Title Staple.]

332È 4

384

39¡

393

Leet

And View of Frankpledge, how to be kept, and of Presentments in

f Magna Carta; c. 35. ' 11

< Judic. Pillor; \ _ . / 20

-[Devisu Franc; \Temp. me. j ^

8 201 246

Leicester

Earl of, Provisions relating to him and his Accomplices.

-{

DteJ. de Kenilw; 51 H. III.

c. 7, 8.

- c. 26Ñ29.

r. 34.

*3

16

È7

Letters of Qgarque

In what Cases grantable. - 27 E.III. st.2. c. 17. . 339

Liberties

And Customs ;Ñ

General Confirmation of.

Of London, Corporations, Cinque- Ports, &c. confirmed.

Magna Carta ; e. I. - 114

Confirm. Cart; 25 E. I. 12a

Stat. de Tallag ; 25 E. I. 12c

Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I. e.l. 136 14 E.III. st. 1. c. I. - 281

1$ E.III. st.l.c.l. - 20c

.50 E. III. c. I, 2. - 396

[And See Title Magna Carta.]

Magna Carta-, c. 9

{Magna Carta; c. 9.

I E. III. st. 2. c. 9.

14 E.IU.st i.c.i.

- -St.2. C. 2.

Ó5

256

281

290

No Freeman shall be taken, or imprisoned, or disseised of his Freehold, or exiled, &c. but according to Law.

And Franchises ;Ñ

Claim of Proceedings in.

Liberties

continued.

Statute.

Magna Carta; c. in 5 E. III. c. o.

28 E. III.

c-i-

24

i6j

311

¥ Forms of confirming

¥ Purchasing.

. Return of Writs in

¥ Forfeiture of, for Abuse.

38!

45

57

- Forma Conf. Cart-, 13 E.l. ^

- Ordin. deLii.perq-,1-, E.I. (Westm. 2; 13 £ I,.,,. \£&r; 12E.II. c.5.

- 9 E. III. st. 1. c. 1.

E. III. c. 3.

(Glouc; 6E.L < St. Wallie; 11 E.l. c. (.QuoWar-, 18 £/,

[And See Titles Franchises; Sherifs.]

Limitation ofa&ions

In Writs of Right, Ice. -

For Suits of Coon, b, Prescription. -{ Ò

IO4

V

95

.78

170

In Avowry.

On Claims of Franchise.

On Non Plevin of Lands.

In Quare Impedit for the King in Right of Temporalties, 8cc.

- Westm. 2 ; 13 £ /. c. 1.

- Quo War-, 18 E. I.

- 9 E. III. st.l.c.l.

3

3*

I

II

73

107

171

293

174

- 14 E. III. st. 4. c. 1.

Lincoln

Statute of, respe&ing Sheriffs. - 9 E. II.

Lletoellin ÒBren

Arrest and Murder of,' condemned. - Exit. H. le Despencer; 15 E.II. 183

Lombarbs

Company of, how answerable.

23 E. III. st. j. t. 23.

3*4

Lonbon

j

r Magna Carta; c. 9.

!'5

Liberties of, confirmed. -

14 £. III. st. 1. c. I.

281

1

1 - -St.l.c.l.

290

Recommended to the King.

Die!, de Kenihv, f. II-

'3

Recoveries against Termors there,

by Collusion. -

Glouc; 6 E.L r. II.

49

1

[" Glouc; 6 E. I. c. 12.

49

Voucher to Warranty of Foreigners. 4

{ Artie. St. Glouc; 9 E.l.

52

Waste there, Suit for.

Glouc; 6 E.l. c. 13.

5¡

Disseisin there, Damages on.

Id. - c. 14.

5¡

Breach of Assise there.

Id. - c. Ij-

S9

Regulations for the Peace of

---------------Offenders shall be

secured by Mayor and Aldermen.

Foreigners shall not be

Innkeepers nor Brokers there. Recovery of Rents in Oath of the Mayor.

Errors in the Courts, Sec. there, how to be redressed.

>St. Civ.London-, 13 E.L 102,103

De Gaveletto; Temp.inc. Jur. Maj. V Ball-, Temp.

28 E. III. c. 10.

31 E. Ill st. 1. f- ><>¥ 42 E. III. c. 7.

38 E. III. st. 1. c. 5.

Regulation of Sale of Victuals there Wager of Law there, against Papers.

Lorba

Shall be tried only in Parliament. - 15 E. Ill. st. >¥ c-2-

[And Sec Title Petrs]

Lunatics

Custody of, appertains to the King. Prerog. Regis 1 Temp-,nc

ill inc. 149

34 6 ¥ 3i> 3*9 ; 3*4

195

GO|gle

iX.

421

No Freeman shall he tales, Ç imprisoned, ot diueued of las Freehold, ot eriW, kc. hat according to Law.

And FaiscHisES)Ñ

Qaim of Proceedings in.

.--------Forms of cot

----------Purchasing.

---------Return of Writs in

---------Forfeiture of, for Abuse.

fcs

¥A1

wit.,

fcol

.{JSn

9 till t..

In Wntsof Right, ire.

[AfleHs^i

/ JfffSÈ;tIÇ

U*ti

A

Foe Suita of Court, by Prescript**,

In Avowry. . .

On Claims of Franchise. . . QrfrjU

On Non Plerin of Lands. . . }£1IUW In Quart Impedit for the King in Right of Tanponkies, kc. . 14 EJ;...

Linciln

Statute of, respefhng Shenls. ¥ jit ¥

UctotflinBrn

Arrest and Murder of; condemned - tdliht

lltM

M.

Magna Carta

Statute.

Inspeximus and Confirmation of a j E. I.

Sentence of Excommunication against j Sent. Excom-, 37 III.

C Slat, de Tallag; 2 J E. I. f Marlb ., 52 H. III. c. 5

Custodt of, ¥PPe,tÒ,,*

to die W-

entem-c u. ÑÑÑ the Violators of

till.:

. ¥tu

W the King. ¥ JXUJUe

*"M Ttrmon that,

L ¥ ¥ ¥ Ckiilli!

mfor. . . SkifUif

1 Damages 00. . u . 4

i* there. . . g . if

* the Pact td 0

Trfenderj dull be /

Miror iod Aldermen. ii.0t.Jjb? foreigners M net bt! nor Brokers there. -J

tents in . . JWatb1

lira. . . Jr. Milb'

Courts, Ac. there, ice

ssrd. ¥ JIi0Ô*

f Sikaimubthere, j!! v there, ipmst Pipen

M

1 only a Pirlament. ¥ lj

General Confirmation thereof; and of the Charter of the Forest.

Confirm. Cart} 25 £. /.

S/a/. de Tallag; 2 J £. /.

Z7e Finihus; 27 £. /.

Artie, sup. Cart; 28 £. I. e.i Nov. Ordenaneej; j £. //. c. 6. 158

Page.

114

6

126

nj

20

123

I2S

t27

¥36

c

- - c

1 E. III. St. 2. r. 1.

2 £. III. c. 1.

4 £. ///. c. 1.

5 £¥ ///. c. 1.

10 E. III. st. 1.

14 E. III. st. 1 1 s E. III. st. 1 28 E. III. c. 1.

31 E. III. st. 1. c. 1.

36 E. III. st. 1. e. 1.

37 E. III. c. 1.

38 E. III. st. I. c. I. 42 E. III. c. 1.

45 E. III. c. 1.

50 E. III. c. 2.

3Ç-

38.

Mode of extending or surveying

e. 1. c. 1. c. 1.

v-

The Great Charters shall be sent to/ Confirm. Cart; 25 E.I. c. r. all Sheriffs to be proclaimed, &c. Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I. c. 1 ----------------------Ñ and all Cathedral

Confirm. Cart-, 25 E. I. c. 3. Confirm. Cart} 25 E. I. c. 2.

15 E. III. st. r. c. 3. life.

{Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. 1.7 //. 3. r. I. 5

165

167

Èss

*57 261

263 *75 285

*95

345

349

37i

378

383

388

393

396

1*3

¥ 13 6

i*3

i*3

296,7

136

Churches.

Judgments, &c. against, declared void.

Offenders against, shall answer in Parliament. - -

Commissioners for determining Offences against the Charters.

Maim

Appeal of, &c. Proceedings on -/ Õ 4 * 4i

^ b \St.Walhe-, 12 E. I. e. 5. j8

------------------------within the Staple. -/ Ordin. Stap^ 27 E.III. st. 2. r. 8. 336

L Repealed 36 E. HI. c. 7. 373

Maintenance of &uit0

By the KingÕs Officers, &c. forbidden. Westm. n 3 E.I. e. 25, 28.

In County Courts. - - Id. - - c. 33.

By Lords of Courts, &c. - - Westm. 2 ¥, 13 E.I. c. 36.

C Westm. 2 ; I $ E.I. c. 49.

| De Cotupir;

1 1 E. III. it. 2. c. 14.

\ 4 E. III. e. 11.

10 E. III. st. 2.

18 E. III. st. 1.

_2o E. III. c. 4, 5, 6

Punishment of, in general.

[And See Title Champerty.]

Male Colt

Manoj

Statute.

. Extenla Manerii} Temp. me.

Page.

*4*

Excessive Toll, &c. prohibited

/ Magna Carta-, c. 30.

St. de Tallag; 25 E. I. c. 3 [And Set Title Customs.]

Malefactonbuo in jparci0

Sutute against Trespassers in Parks. 21 E.I.

Outrageous Toll in, forbidden Writ of Nuisance for Shall not be kept in Church-Yards. Declared free, in London.

33

35

89

95 - '45 216 256 264 *77 *99 3¡4. 5

Of Wales j the KingÕs Sovereignty

Westm. I-, 3 E.I.e. 31. 34

Wes m. 2; 13 E.I. e. 24. 83

Wynton; 13 E.I.e. 6. 98

31 E. III. st. 1. e. 10. - 351

[See Titles Fairs; Forettallert.]

Statutes made at

M&rlborougb

- 52 h. hi.

Marque anb Bcpwal

Law of, in what Cases applicable. - ^ Or din. Stop; 27 E.III. |

Marriage

>9

339

Ó7

125

in

over

the Lords of annexed

- Westm. 1-, 2 E.I.e. 17.

31

to the Crown.

Of Ireland; Inquiry into the State of

C Magna Carta -, c. 6.

"5

Of Heirs in Ward.

-< Merton-, 20 H. III. C. 6, 7.

3

Westm. 153 E. I. c. 22.

33

Of Widows.

- Magna Carta -, c. 7.

1*5

Aids for

Westm. 1 ¥, 3 E. I. e. 36.

3S

Between the English and Irish

/ Ordin. pro Hit; 31 E. III. "I

359

prohibited.

st. 4. c. 8- J

Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I- ^ ^ ^

1 Nov. Ordinances-, 5 E.I1. e. 26. 164

5 E. III. c. 2.

*š TE III.

Of the KingÕs Bench; Custody of Prisoners by -

st. 2. c. I.

18 E. III. st. 2. c. 7. Ordin. Stop-, 27 E. III. 1 st. 2. c. S,6,8.J

5 E. III. c. 8.

266

*77

301

335*6

267

Oath of

Ma£¡r0

- Jur. Maj. (if Ball; Temp. inc. 249

M*a0ure0

Shall be uniform throughout the Realm.

Measure of an Acre of Land.

CM,

-1 14 i-34

Magna Carta-, e. 25. E. III. st. I. c. 11. E.III. e. 6.

. 28 E. III. c. 1. - 345

{Ordin. pro Hit i 5 2C8, 250

31 E. IILst. 4. 5È 7- 5

"7 *85

365.6

- De admens, terre; Temp. inc. 206 [And See Titles Assists j Weights.]

Mebietate Linguae

' Ordin. Stop *> 27 £¥ ///.

r Ordin. Stop j 27 336

In Juries where Aliens are Parties. -¥/ £ jn f 4-1 . 348

apmbanta

Statute.

Amercement of

Strangers anti Denizens, their Privileges, Indemnities, and Securities.

Recognizances for Debts to, by Statute Merchant.

Of the Staple, under the KingÕs Protection, 8cc.

- Magna Carta; c. 14.

'Magna Carta; c. 30. Ordin.pro Hib; 17 E. II. c. 2 2 E. III. c. 9.

9 E.III. st. I. c. I.

14 E- III. st. 2. c. 2.

18.E. Ill- st. 2. c.$.

25 E. III. st. 3. c. 2.

27 E.III. st. i. c.6.

Ordin. Stap ; 27 E. IH-

st. 2

28 E. III. c. 13.

38 E. III. st. 1. c. 2, 11

.. fn E.I.

St. Merc} I ,3 E i

Page.

116

117 193 259 270 290 301 3*5 331

^0onep

j-332Ñ343 348 3š3È 4 S3

Nov. Ordinances', 3 E.ll. c.23. 165 ~ III. St.l.c.ll.

Stap ; 27 fi- HI st. 2. c. 9

^ Ordin. Stap; 2^ E.I. ^

ivsr. ui

s 14 fi. j | Ordin. .

98

65

285

337

at Sea, &c.

free from Purveyance. Suits by and against Remedy for Loss

-for other

i

Losses and Grievances.

Credit given to their

Papers.

May use only one Sort of Merchandize.

st.

2. c. 2. J

JJJ

Id.

c. 4.

334

Id.

c. 8.

336

Id.

r. 17.

339

Id.

c. 24.

34*È 2

36 fi. III. St. I

. c. 7.

373

Ordin. Stap', 27 E.I. 1 st- 2. c. 13. J

338

Id.

C. 19, 20.

34¡

Id.

C, 26.

342

137 E- IIL c: S;

Repealed; 3 8 £. III. st. I. c. 2. [And See Title Staples.]

379

383

Statutes made at

Writ of, Proceedings in.

epmon

- 20 H. III.

C@e0ne

- Westm. 2; 13 E.I. c. 9.

1Ñ4

78

Military ©crtoice

Money levied for

/ I E. III. st. 2. c. J.

255

25 E. III. st. j. c. 8.

321

( I E. III. st. 2. c. 7.

256

-{ 10 fi. III. St. 2.

278

t 18 fi. III. St. 2. C. 7.

301

Toll to be taken at Tithes of New Mills.

[And See Title Armour ; King.]

90ill0

- De Pistoribus ; Temp. inc. 203 ( Artie. Cleri j 9 E. II. ~\

ÕI M- I 172

00ot>u0 calumpntar.Di 4E00onÕ

The Manner of challenging Essoins. Temp, incert.

90ODU0 facien&i lt)omagium

The Manner of doing Homage. - Temp, incert.

OSJoDug IebanDt Jrine0

The Manner of levying Fines. - Temp, incert.

217

227

214

Statute.

Weight, 8cc. of the English Penny De Svis den Õ \ %

Page*

f Compos. Monete:

De divis den; l f 100 V. DePonderibus, fj-c. j .*Ç. \ Jo4

Counterfeiters of Money not bailable. Westm. 1; 3 £. / c

' De Moneta j Temp,

Importation of Counterfeit Money prohibited.

¥ declared tobeTreason.

Exportation of English Money restrained.

*5-

. ÑT.uc.

De falsa Moneta; 27 £ 1 9 fi. III. st. 2. c. 2.

17 E. III.

*8 fi. III. st. 1.

.27 E. III. st. 2. c. 14.

2S fi. III. st. 5. 2.

De falsa Moneta ; 27 E.I. ¥ l.c.1 III.

\ 9 £. III. st. 2. f. J >7 E.

- | Ordin.

<> 9, to.

Money shall not be melted down. Black Money shall not be current. New Money ; coined at York. Counterfeiting the KingÕs Money declared Treason.

.&Ò>P > 27 E.III. \

st. 2. c. i4.

L38 E. III. st. 1. c. j. * i 9 E. III. st. 2. c. 3. 9E.III.1t. 2. f.4j 5)I0 18 £. III. st. 2. c. 5. .

25 E. III. st. 5. c. 2.

Exchanging Money and Plate at the/25 fi. III. st. j. c. 12, 20.

Mint, &c. - . 27 fi. III. it. 2. c. 14.

Money shall not be impaired. - 25 E. III. st. 5. c. 13.

Currency of the Scottish Groat. - 47 E. III. c. 2.

J04

3È

Ç9

>3'

>73

299

>99

338.9

310

131

j73.4

199

338

383

È73

*73.4

301

320

322,3

338

3>3

39S

Simon de, Earl of Leicester.

^ontfort

- Dip. de Kenilvr, e. 7, 8.

[And Set Leicester.]

90ortDante0tec

One Writ of, for several Heirs. - Glouc j 6 fi. /. c. 6. - 4J

Writ of, in Wales . . Wallie; n EL c.6. 60,61

Plea in, on Writs of Cousinage, &c. IVestm. 21 13 E.I. c. 20. 82

[And See Titles Assises; Damages]

Mortmain

Fraudulent Gifts in Land shall not be aliened in Mortmain.

Fraudulent Judgments in Setting up Crosses in Lands Alienation of Lands by Religious Houses. - - - Id.

Writ of ad quod damnum, 8cc. / 20 E.I.

upon - - De lib. perq j 27 E. I.

Licence of the King for - - 18 E.III. st. 3. r. 3.

- Magna Carta; r. 36.

f De viris Relig ; 7 £. I. st. 2. -\ De terris vend; 18 E.I.

- Westm. 2; 13 E.I. c. 32.

-Id. - - r.33.

Mi.

ni

5'

106

8?

87

9'

111

'3'

302

sportuarg

Suit for, in Spiritual Court. - Circ. Agatis; 13 E.I.

Forfeiture of, by Abuse.

Misfortune shall not be adjudged

Trial of, and Pardon for

Inquest of the Coroner upon

---------------- in Wales

By Keepers of Parks, See.

Courage

- Westm. 1; 3 E. I. o 31 ¥ 31

burner

f Provisicnes; 43 H. III. ' 11 '\Marlb-, 52 H. Ill-1- 25- / IVestm. I; 3 E.l.c.U.

~ \ Glouc; 6 E. I. C. 9. * Ç

- Offic. Cortmator; 4 E- ^

. St. tVallie-, 11 E. I. r-3> 5- 5M!

. De Malefafl.in Parris \V El. 1,1

S0ute

Punishment of Felons standing Mute. Westm. I; 3 £¥ f-13


INDEX

403

. .Jln"1

^ hlHLv

e'SS.,ie^.ÈÇi Ç

!ÇJU

. iiLil;

7 "O' wcwtn . .p m

Money-, coined È

Counterfeiting the ^ w Glared Treason. .

Money shall not he impair. " /JjfS

t~Õ<****m ,;s:f

' jÑ¥iis.p,

UlUu,

Sllti

^Ponrton

Simon de, Eari Of Leicener.

toil*

One Writ of, for serenl Hein. . Gfo. jti;1 Wnt of, in Wales . .

Pica in, on Writs of Cousinage, k. Foui; ijEc

[Aditfthai

Fraudulent Gifts in Land shall not he aliened in Mortmain.

Fraudulent Judgment! in ¥ -

Setting up Crosses in lands Alienation of Lands by Religious Houses.

Writ of ad quod damnum, &c.

upon * ¥ ¥ "

Licence of the King for ¥

. %È£n;t

fMÈ%E

Ifiaialjijll. It ¥ .;

If ¥ ¥ Ç fail

agortum

Suit for, in Spiritual Court. ¥

Forfeiture of, by Abuse.

.fi

Misfortune shall not

Trial of, and Pardon for

Inquest of the Coroner in Wales

By ILeepen of Parish

be adjudged -\0

If* 'll11

. i.tW

P*

Punishment of FeloÈ

1Õ#š^

N.

Nfeftg

Writ of, when grantable.

Statute. - lo E. II. it. 2.

Page.

*7š

Nigbt.toalbera

Arrest of

f Wynton; 13 E. I. c. 4.

-< St at. Civ. Lond; 13 E. I. L 5 -E. U7. c. 14.

97

103

268

Nf0i Prfua

Justices of, their Appointment, 8cc. - Westm. 2; 13 E. I. c. 30. 8y Allowed in Attaints. - - j E. III. c. 6. - 267

[And See Title Assises.]

Non-tenure

Statute.

Of Parcel, Plea of, its Effe&. - 25 E. III. it. j. e. 16.

Page.

322

Norfolk

Fishermen only may buy Nets, 8cc.

there. ... 31 E. III. it. 3. e. 2.

3 S<5

Statutes made at

Northampton

- 2 e. in.

*57

Non*age

. , . Writ of, in Wales.

Of Heirs; when it shall delay Suits f Glouc ; 6 £./. c. 2. - 47 For Xenan, b E1 it

or not. - - Westm. 2; 13 E. I. c. 40. 91 1 6

[.rfnrf zee 7<//r Infant.]

Nobel E>i00et0in

371

Nompiebfn

No Forfeiture of Land for - - 9 E. III. it. 1. c. 2.

Non0uit0

May be recorded at NisiPrius. - Ebor; 12 E. II. it. 1. c. 4. 178

- St. Wallie; 12 E. I. c. 6, 7. 59, 62

- Wettm. 3 ; 13 E. I. c. 18. 82

[ And see Title Assises.]

Nuiaance

Writ of, against Alienee of Land. - Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I. c. 24. 83

Nun

Penalty for carrying away

Wettm. 2 ; 13 E.I.c. 34.

87

o.

£Datf)0

Statute.

Assessment of Amerciaments, on Oath.

None required for Essoins in County Courts.

f Magna Carta; c. 14.

L Westm. I ; 3 E. I. c. 18.

{Provisiones; 43 H. III.

Marlb ; 5 2 H. III. c. 20. r Magna Carta; c. 28.

Of compelling Parties to take Oaths. < Provisiones; 43 H. III.

I Marlb ; 52 H. III. c. 22. Westm. I ; 3 E. I. c. 41.

5 E. II.

Estat. de Excestre; Temp. inc.

Of the Champion in a Writ of Right, Of the King at his Coronation.

Of the Inquest against a Coroner. - Of the KingÕs Officers in the EyTe. . Of the Sheriff.

Of the Kings Counsellors.

Of Bishops.

Of Escheators.

Of Mayors and Bailiffs.

Of Thieves on Abjuration.

Page.

116

3'

10 *4

117

11 *4 37

168

210

Temp, incert.

33*

347

348

349 lb. Ib.

r Nov. Ord ; J E. II. c. 39. Of the Chancellor, Treasurer, &c. -< 14 E. III. st. 1. c. 5.

L 15 E. III. it. 1. c. 3. f 20 E. III. c. 3.

Sacr. Justic; 20 E. III.

- 20 E. III.

Of the Justices and Barons.

Of the Clerks in Chancery Of the Aulnager.

2J E.III. st. 3. f. 1.

*5¡

167

*83

296

3¡4

305

306 3*4

Ohio $ atla

Statute

In Cases of Homicide. - - Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 11.

For Appellees detained in Prison. - Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 29.

Page.

29

85

©fficera

The KingÕs; appointing

{Dill, de Kenilw, J2 H.III. c. 2. 13 Nov.Ord-, $ E.II. c.14, 16. 160

IJ E. II. st. I. c. 4.

Repealed 15 E. II. st. 2.

------------------Complaints against, in

Parliament. - - Nov. Ord; 5 E. II. c. 40.

296

*97

167

In Cities, See. for keeping Assises,

shall not deal in Articles assised. - EJ>or; 12 E. II. c.6.

( Ord. pro Hib; 17 E. II.

. L------------31 E. III. st. 4. c. 17. 362

20 E. III. c. 6. 305

In Ireland ; Regulation of Misdemeanors of, how punishable.

178

193

flDrbfnarp

Indiftment of, for Extortion.

35 E. III. st. 3. c. 9. - 370

[And See Title Administration.']

VOL. I.

©cDinancea

Statute. Pagš*

CNov.OrdisE.il. Ç57Ñ1<s7

Made at London. - *\ Repealed \ 15 E. II. - >89

All Ordinances, concerning the King and the Realm, shall be made in

Parliament only. - - Revoc. Nov. Ord. IS E. II. .89

Fish so called.

Shall be according to Law. Of Accessory in Appeal.

Outlaws not bailable.

Of Trespassers in Parks, &c. Of Accountants in Arrear.

£>rgeg*

. DtPisco Salito; 31 E.I1I. st. 3. 356

©utlatorp

- Magna Carta -, c. 29. - 117

- Westm. 1)3 E.I.C. 14. 30

C Westm. I } 3 E.I. c. IS- 3¡

m\Westm.2\ 13 E.I. c. II. 81

- Westm. I j 3 E.I.C. 20. 32

- Westm. 2 l 13 E. I. c. II. 81

Pardon of Reversal of

Exigents upon

In Premunire Of Fugitive Labourers.

©utlatorp

continued.

Statute.

C Carta de Foresta 1 c. 11 UE. UI.e.n. *. (Nov.Ordi sE.ILc.ii.

IJ E. III. c. ,3. Ó

r 18 E.III. ã.

-< 25 E.III. st. I.f.j. .

^ - - >f. J. c. 14,17.

- 27 KUI. st. 1. e. 1. .

* 34 E. III. c. 10.

111

11SS

166

268

J99

310

321

3È9

3Ç1

©utrfoew

Of Bailiffs in Hundreds, See. abolished. 14 E. III. st. 1. c.p. . ,j.

©get anti Cerminer

Appointment of Justices of - Northampton ¥, 2 E. III. c. 1.

[And See Title Assiset.]

P.

Writ of Partition between

parceners

Statute. Page.

- - Westm. t ; 3 E.I. e. 39. 36

[ And See Title Coparceners.]

parDon

To certain Offenders.

For Murder.

To H. de Bohun and others.

Of Outlaws and Trespassers in Forests.

Of the Prosecutors, & c. of P. de Gavaston.

Of the Despensers and their Prosecutors.

Charters of, when and how grantable.

- Din. de Kenilw, 52 H.III. r.5.

/ Glouc ; 6 E.I. c.Q. 'X2E.III.C.2.

J 25 E.I.

\ St. de Tallag; 25 E. I. f Carta de Foresta ; c. I j.

-142 E. III. c. 4.

*3

49

257

124

125 121 392

7 E. II.

Use. 11.

1!. 1 E. III. st. 1. c. 1.

Nov. Orden ; $ E. II. c. 28. Ordin. pro Hih} 17 E.II. c. 6. 2 E. III. C. 2.

4 E. III. c. 13.

, 5 E. III. c. 12.

10 E. III. st. 1. c. 2, 3.

14 E. III. st. 1. c. is.

27 E. III. st. 1. c. 2.

Ordin. pro Hih ; 31 E. III. 1 ã st. 4. c. 6. J

169 181, 188 251 164

194 as 7 264 268 275 286

33¡ 359

Of Fines, Forfeitures, kc.

Of Outlaws being Debtors.

Of Felons on Surety, 8cc.

Of Corrupt Jurors, restrained. Of Premunire, restrained Writ of Allowance of General Pardon of Felonies, &c.

f 2 E. III.

. 10.

4 E. III.

5

14 E. III.

st.

I.

st

2.

27 E. III.

st

I

31 E.III.

st

I

3 6 E. III.

st.

2.

_S¡ E. III.

c.

3-

S E. III. c

. I

2.

f 10 E.III.

J/

I

\ 27 E. III.

//.

I.

34 E. III.

e

8.

38 E. III.

st.

2

42 E. III.

c.

2.

So E. III.

c.

3-

259 263 281, 2 290 33¡ 352 376 39<5 268 275 33¡ 366

387

388 396

par&s ant) pontia

Statute.

Page.

f Merton ; 20 H. III. c. II. 4 ¥J Westm. I; 3 E.I. c.20. 32

£ DeMalefaB. inparcis; 2! E.I. III

242

Trespassers in, Arrest and Imprisonment of

Inquiry of Parks; their Value, &c. - Extenta Manerii-, Temp. ins.

Parks shall be 200 feet from the Highway.

Writ of ad quod damnum for inclosing

- Wynton; 13 E. I. c. 5.

- Ord. de lib. perq; 27 E. I.

parliament

Shall be holden once or oftener.

Year

-{

None shall come armed to

Nov. Ord; j E. II. c. 29.

4 E. III. c. 14.

36 E. III. st. 1. c. 10.

- St. sup. Apart Arm | 7 E. II.

97

Ô31

165

265

374

170

No Ordinances, concerning the King and theRealm, shall be made except

in Parliament.

Delays of Judgments, &c. shall be redressed in Parliament.

Trial of Peers in -

The KingÕs Ministers shall answer,

&c. in Parliament.

New Cases of Treason referred to Parliament.

Lawyers and Sheriffs shall not be

Members. - - - 46 E. III. * ,

[And See Titles Aids, Subsides,

- Revoc. Nov. Ord; 15 E. II. C Westm. 2 i 13 E.I. f.24.

14 E. III. st. I. c. J.

- IS E. III. St. 1. c. 2. r is E.III. st. 1.c.3,4.

Repealed 15 E. III. It. 2-

. 2J E. Ill- st. J. c.

li?

t4

284

295

294

297

319

394

pa*0age

From Dover, 8cc. Rates of, regulated 4 E. III. See Dover]

16}

patrnt*

Form of Grants, &c. of Charters. - Forma Confirm. Cart\ 13

E.I iÇ


DEX.

mmd.

Pwdoo of

Remulof

kÕP'ta upon

in Premium*

Òf'VwUonm.

Of Bailiff) io

Appointment of Joiticet of

ftS*.

Ç*<

¥ Èiul?

14f.11

P.

Parks am putt

sa

Trttpmen in, Arrest ml Imprisonment of

Jfm;aIL fiuaiijlla Ô ArJfapdm

Inquiry of Parks; their Value, it ¥ fittiJfmj Parks shall be 100 feet from the Highway. - ¥ ¥ Fjti\l]lla,

Writ of ad quod dinuium far iadoaq ¥ ¥ Wlifliti

piriimt

Shall be holden once a Tear or oftener. - -

None shall come armed to ¥ kfjdkt

No Ordinances, conceramg

the King

,Ç! the Realm, shall be made ocept ^ ^ ,

Pirliin*nt.

tÑ Anil oe I ----- Ç

if

mranÈw-

Oelars of Judgments, See. shaU K J jj^u; tedresaed in Parlianen'-

Triil of Pern m

The King's Ministers shall answer, (i;£M

Ac. in Parliament. ¥

New Cases of Treason referred to

Pirlameat. - ¥

UKiis.

la wren and Sheriff! dull net be Membtn.

JdS*

Itk^

. iwr Ac. Rates From Do**1'*

of, regulated

F<rn ^ Grant*'

Ac. of^'

INDEX.

425

peace

Preservation of

Arms in Affray of, forbidden

Justices assigned to keep the Peace, 8cc.

Statute.

Page.

( Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 9.

28

I Wynton \ 13 E. I.

96, 97

] Nov. Ord\ 5 E. II. c. 2.

iS8

V10 E. III. st. 2.

277

C St. sup. App. Arm \ 7 E.II.

*7*

~\iR. III. c. 3.

258

r 1 E. III. st. 2. c. 16.

257

I 2 JE. III. c. 6.

*59

-J 18 E.III. st. 2. c. 2.

301

134 E.III. c. 1.

364

[And See Title Justices.]

Peers

Reliefs of their Heirs.

Amercement of

Their Privilege in Forests.

Not bound to attend SheriffÕs Turn. Trial of -

Magna Carta; c. 2. 114

Id. - c. 14. 116

Carta de Foresta ; c. 11. 121

Marlb; 32 H. III. c. 10. 22

I j E. III. it. I. c. 2. - 295

jpeine forte d Dure

On Felons standing Mute. - - Westm. 1} 3 E. I. c. 12. 29

Petit treason

Murder of a Husband by his Wife, &c. 25 E. III. st. 5. c. 2. - 320

[And See Title Treason.]

pettp Seal

No Common Law Writ shall issue C Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I. c. 6. 139 under - - - (_Ordin. pro Hit; 17 E. II. c. 7. 194

[And See Privy Sea/.]

Pillorp

Offences punishable by, &c.

f Judic. Pillor; \ . / De Pistoritus; J lnC' \

201

202

pieabings

/-Provisions ., 43 H. III.

9

No Fine for Beaupleder.

1 Marlb; S2 H. III. c. 11. " j Westm. 1 ; 3 E.I.c. 8.

22

28

V. 1 E. III. st. 2. c. 8.

256

Order of hearing Pleas.

. Westm. I ; 3 E. I. c. 46.

38

Deceit in, how punishable.

- Westm. 1 5 3 E. I. e. 29.

34

Shall be in English.

- 36 E. III. st. I. c. 15.

375

No Sheriff, Constable, or Coroner shall hold.

pleas of t&e Croton

Magna Carta ; c. 17.

piebges

Of the KingÕs Debtors.

In Statutes Merchant. Fines on

- Magna Carta 5 c. 8.

[And See Title King.]

- Merc .,{11 ff / ¥ 38 E.III. st. 1. c. 3.

1 id

"5

54

100

383

Plenartp

Plea of, when allowed or not.

- Westm. 2} 13 E. I. c. J. 76

[And See Title Advovuson.]

Poor

Statute. Page.

Exempted from Subsidies. ¥ ¥ 14 E. III. it. 1. c. 20. - 288

May have Attaint of Jurors without

Fine.

Provision to Benefices by, condemned.

34 E. III. c. 7. . 366

[And See Title Beggars.]

Pope

C De Provisoritus j 2J E.III. st4. 316 - £ 38 E. III. st. 1. c. I. - 385

[And See Ecclesiastics; Premunire.]

Writ of, restrained

Praecipe

- - Magna Carta ; c. 24.

premunire

For suing in Foreign Courts. - 27 E. III. st. 1. c. 1. For receiving Citations, &c. from

Rome. - - 38 E.III. st. 2. c. i, 2.

prerogatiba Begin

The KingÕs Prerogative in Tenures,

8cc. ... Temp, incest.

1 Ô7

329

38(5

226

prescription

Franchises claimed by

( Glouc \ 6 E. I. - 45, 46

. \ Quo War} 18 E. I. 107

[And See Title Franchises.]

Presence

Of Parties vouched to Warranty. - De pres. voc. ad War 5 20 E. I. 108

[And See Title Warranty.]

presentment

To Churches, pendente lite. - Westm. 1 ; 3 E.I.c. 28. 33

[And See Titles Advnuson; Ecclesiastics 1 King.]

Primer Seisin

The KingÕs Right of

f Marlh ; 52 H. III. c. 16. \ Prerog. Reg; Temp. inc.

[And See Title King.]

24

226

Prisage

f Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I.'

st. 3. c. 2. J [ And See Title Butlerage.]

Of Wines, saved to the King. Cart,^28 E. 7.J_ 138

Prises

By Assent of Parliament only. - Conf.Cart\ 25 E. I. c. ;, 6. 123

[And See Titles Aid t Purveyance.]

Breach of, how punishable.

prison

- De Jrang. Pris; 23 E. /. 113

[And See Titles Gaol; Marshal.]

Digitized by


prfbp Seal

Letters under, shall not delay Justice.

Of Wills, Fees on

Statute.

C Nov. Ord; j E. II. c. 32.

¥J Northampton; 2 E. III. c. 8. Õ L 14 E. III. st. I. c. 14.

[And See Title Petty Seal.]

probate

¥ 31 E. III. st. 1. c. 4.

Page.

165

*59

286

process

, . . f Provisions ¥, 42 H. III.

Against Accountants. - -( Maflb. p tfjjj f ^

To compel Appearance. - - Westm. 15 3 E. I. e. 43.

At Common Law shall not be under f l-

Petty smu. -

Again.! Felon, IndiAed, Ac. -{ {fflil'J.'s. 1.14. ' Of Capias, Exigend, &c. in Debt, 8cc. 2J E. III. st. 5. c. 17.

proebein amp

Suits for Infants by

{Westm. 1} 3 E.I. e. 48. Westm. 2 } 13 E.I. c. I J. [.And See Title Infant.']

35¡

II

24

37

¥39

¥94

267

322.

322

38

82

prohibition

To the Ecclesiastical Courts, in what Cases grantable or not.

Consultation, its effe&. Indicavit, at what Time suable.

Circ. Agatis ; 13 E.I. Nov. Ord; 5 E. II. c. 12. Artie. Cleri; 9 E. II.

st. 1. e. 1Ñ6. ProhibitioformatadeStat. Artie. Cleri; Temp. inc. \ i E. III. st. 2. e. 11.

18 E. III. st. 3. c. j.

25 E. III. st. 6. c. 8.

45 E. III. c. 3.

( Stat. de Consult j 18 E.I. jo E.III. c. 4.

- 34 E. III. st. 1.

[And See Pities Consultation j Ecclesiastics.]

IOI

160

¥ 7¥È 2

209

2J 6

303

326

393

108

398

¥47

Proteftion

Letters of, Fines for

---------ÑÑ Challenges against

Of the KingÕs Debtors

- De Lib. perq j 27 E. I.

C St. de Protec ¥, Temp. inc.

Ó £ Nov. Ord 5 5 E. II. c. 37.

- 25 E. III. st. 5. c. 19.

Ç3Ç

217

166

328

Prototeor* qf 'Benefices $c.

Statutes against

Statute. ^

r 25 e. m. st. 4. -

It. 5. f. 22. m

.27 E. III. st. 1. . Ó

[And See Ecclesiastics > Pope-, Prnmm^.]

-c

Purprestures

In Forests. Reseiser of Inquiry relating to

For Castles, Sec.

Of Horses or Carts

On Religious Houses, See. restrained

. Carta de Foresta j c. 4. 1M . De Bigamis; 4 E. I. c. 4. ^

- De visa. Franc, Temp. inc. 144

Purbcpance

C Magna Carta-, c. 19.

' | Westm. 1 *, 3 E.I. c. 7. 'Magna Carta; c. 21. Westm. l\ 3 E. 1. c. t.

. t. 32.

1 o E. III. st. 2. c. 2.

14 E. III. st. 1. c. 19.

L36 E. III. c. 5.

(Westm. I} 3 E.I. c.i.

De Prisis; 2 Eli.

14 E. III. st. 4. c. 1. ¥

18 E. III. st. 3. c. 4.

Westm. I; 3 £. /. f.32.

Confirm. Cart; 2J E. I. c. 5,6. 123 St. de Tallag ( 2J E. I. 115 Artie, sup. Cart-, it EL c.l. 137 St. Staunford $ 3 E. II. 134 Nov.Ordenances-, 5 £.17. f. to. 159 ProClero-, 10 E. II. - 173

Ordin. pro Hib-,V}E.U.c.2. I9J

General Restraints and Regulation of Purveyance and Purveyors.

n<

i

nf

¥7

34

3

373

È7

¥S3

29S

3¡3

34

of Timber, of Sheep

on Merchants, forbidden.

4 E. III. c. 3,4.

5 E. III. c. 2.

10 E. III. st. 2. c. 1.

14 E. III. st. 1. e. 19.

18 E. III. st. 2. c. 7.

25 E. III. st. 3. c. 1.

28 E.III. c. 12.

Ordin. pro Hib i 31 £. IIL 7

st- 4- M-J

- 34 E. III. c.l,y

36 E.III. st. I. c. 2,3,4.

- - c.6.

- 25 £. III. st. 5. c. 6.

- - r.ij.

j Ordin. Slap; 27 E. Ill ^

262,3

263

276

388

301

3Ô9

347

35Ç

36J

37Ô>*

373

331

3Ç

"l ft. 2. r. 2,4. J

Name of Purveyor changed to Buyer. 36 E. III. st. 1. c. 2

f Artie, sup. Cart ( 28 E. I. e. 2. 137 4 £. III. c. 4. - ÈJ

333È4

371

Unlawful Purveyance made Felony.

j £. III. c. 2. - 265

10 E. III. st. 2. c. 1. 476

31 E. III. st. 4. c. 4. - 358

(.36 E. IIL st. 1. c.6. 373

GO|g!e

INDEX.

4'27

Sutatt,

toFomts. RMriierrf relating to

unt{

M

t*H+.

Of Honea or Cam

Ob Rdigioiu Houio, it. rtmioed

General Rtitnms ud Rtgulaocc of Pwrtyinct and Puneyoa

----of Timber.

---- of Sheep

___x Merchant*, fotWden.

l^V

&Hfc

.jKl

P

5š

fn&iiilj

Wi/nfiri.

4*% ,

iUu

loiUtii:

l4IIILa.ua

iliEtui

ljE.HU};:

ii£.nii,j

WtJnlifE

u

¥Jlfc

[ . . i ¥ ijEEifii . . . 11

_|(W*ifirU

Name of Paneyor dunged 10 Buyer. jf£.fHtu.

'JrtMis.i

Unlawful Parreyanct made Felony.

.1

(£lti 10 £ltiÒ iiEJhÒ jffjiul

Writ of, Process upon.

Ciuare Jmpeoit

Statute.

f Provisiones ; 43 H. III. .Marlb-, J2 H. III. c. 12.

On Usurpation during Infancy, 8ce.

Plea and Proceedings on - Westm. 2 ¥, 13 E. I. c. 5.

For the King, in Right of others. - 14 E. III. st. 4. c. 2.

Maintenance of, forbidden.

Ql

Ctuarrels

- 20 E. III. e. 4, 5.

[And Set Maintenance.']

PÈge-

9

*3

75

298

304

Ctuacter

Of Corn, its Contents ascertained.

C De Pend, fs* Mens ;

- < 25 E. III. it. j. c. ic (_ 34 E. III. c. 6.

Temp. inc. 204 to. - 321

3 66

[And See Weights and Measures.]

Discharge of

dueen.golO

- 31 £. III. st. 1. c. 13.

35*

duia OEmptores Cerrarum

The Statute usually so called.

Statute.

St. de terris emend; 18 E. I.

Granted in Wales.

For Dowress, or Heir, on collusive Recovery.

duod ei deforceat

- St. Wallin 12 E.L t. 6.

- Westm. 2 i 13 E. I. c. 4.

duod permittat

For Successor of a Parson. - Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I.c. 24.

duo dHacranto

On Claim of Liberties, Proceedings in. - - -

Shall be tried in the Circuit. Restitution of Liberties lost in pleading.

Page.

ic6

59

74*5

83

- Glouc ; 6 E. I. - 45

- St. Quo War; 18 E. I. st. 2. 107

- Quo War. nov; 18 E. I. st. 3. Ib.

R.

Rageman

Statute. Page.

Statute of, for Justices assigned. - 4 E. I. - - 44

Range of tfee jFojeat

How to be made.

Of Rebels, &c.

C Carta de Foresta} c. 5, 7. 120

" £ De Finibus ; 27 E. I. - 127

Ransom

- DiCi.de Kenilw, 51 H. III. 14

Receivers

Statute.

Of the KingÕs Money, Exigent against. 18 E. III. st. t.

Page.

299

[And See Title Accounts.]

Recognisance

By Statute Merchant, Form of K Merc A 11 f f ' Ç

and Proceedings on. - -J 13 i.. I. - 98

-------------------------------------Cleric for. - 14 E. III. st. 1. c. 11. 285

By Statute Staple, Form of and

Proceedings on. - - Ordin. Stop-, 27 E.III. st. 2. c.g. 337

Recordare

Rape

Punished by Imprisonment, &c. - Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 13. - 29

Made Felony. - Westm. 2; 13 E.I. c. 34. 87

Receipt

Of Tenant for Years, on collusive

Recovery by the Freeholder.

Glouc; 6E.I.1.11.

49

Of Reversioners, &c. in Default of

particular Tenants.

Westm. 2 j 13 £. /. c. 3,4.

73* 74

Of a Stranger on collateral Title.

De defens, juris \ 20 E.I.

110

Writ of, in Replevin. - - Westm. 2; 13 jE. I. c. 2. 72

Records

Counter Rolls between Sheriffs and

Coroners. - - Westm. 1; 3 E. I. c. 10. 29

Annual Rolls by Sheriffs in

Exchequer. ... Provis. in Scac; 12 E.I. 69

Of Writs of Admeasurement of

Pasture, &c. - - Westm. 2; 13 E. /. c. 8. 78

Failure of Record by Voucher in

Assise. ... Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I. c. 25. 84

Record of Non-Suit at Nisi Prius. - Ebor; 12 E. II. c. 4. - 178

VOL. I.

5 Q

BecorM

continued.

Statute.

Page.

Embezzling Rolls, &c. by the Coroner. Averment against Record, on Writ

Estat. dExcestre 3 Temp. inc.

211

of false Judgement, &c.

1 E. III. st. 1. c. 4, 5.

- 253

Record of Indifiments.

Records of Justices of Assise, &c.

1 E. III. st. 2. c. 17.

257

shall be sent into the Exchequer.

9 E. III. st. I. c. J.

272

Pleas shall be recorded in Latin.

36 E. III. st. i.e. 1 j.

* 37<*

Becoberg

Feigned, by Freeholder, to prejudice

of the Termor.

Glouc \ 6 E. I. c. 11.

49

By Default, by particular Tenants. -

Westm. 2j 13 E.L c. 3, 4.

73.4

Be>bl##ei#ln

!¥

Punishment of. - -s

f Merton3 20 H. III. c. 3.

2

L Marlb 952 H. III. c. 8.

21

[And tee Disseisin.']

Belief#

By Heirs of Earls, See.

- Magna Carta 9 c. 2,3.

"4

On Escheats of Baronies, &c.

-Id. - - f.31.

"7

To what Tenures incident.

C St. de Wardis £3* Releviis 9 7

228

* Temp, incert. J

Bent#

In Arrear, Remedy by Cessavit for

Glouc 9 6 E. I. e. 4.

404

----------------by Writ of Gavelet in

London.

- DeGaveleto; j j ,w $

222

--------------------------------in Kent.

- Consuet. Cant 9 J C

224

Beplebln

Of Distresses 9 Punishment for not

allowing.

- Marlb 9 52 H. III. c. 3

20

r Provisicnes ; 43 H. III.

IO

. ------------ How they shall be

) Marlb-, 52 H.III.C.ll.

24

proceeded in.

- J Westm. 19 3 E.l. c. 17.

3*

V. Wrstm. 29 13E.l. c. 2.

72

[And See-Titles Bail-, Distress.]

Be#ibence

Statute.

Of Clergy, in the KingÕs Service. - Artie. Cleri} 9 E.II. ã , (,

Beaumption

Of Usurpations on the King. Of Grants of the King.

* D< 4 E. [t f ,

f Nov. Ori. j E.n.e.hr \ Repealed; 15 E.II. *

PÈgr.

Ç7*

43

15!

Days in Bank.

Of Writs by Sheriffs, kc.

Betum

- Dies Communes; Temp. inc. f Westm. a ; 13 E.l. c.

208

. by Bailiffs of Liberties. ¥ Averment against.

................ Ô 1 Èj av, i. f. 39. 90

J Artie, sup. Cart-, 28 El r. 16. 140 (_Northompt 9 2 E. III. c. 5.

¥ Ebor-, 12 £ II. st. 1. e. 5.

. 1 E. III. rt. I. f.5.

lj!

>)Ç

J53

BiDing=armeb

In affray of the Peace forbidden.

- Northampt 9 2 E. III. c. 3. 249

[And See Armour.]

Bibet#

Encroachments in. - - Magna Carta-, e. 16,23.

[And See Wears.]

Bobberle#

The Country answerable for.

--------------------------------------in Ireland.

In Forests, of tame Beasts, 8cc.

. Wynton9 13 E.I.c. 2. 96

CiSE.IILc.il. - 347

. ) Ordin. pro Htb\ 31 E. III. j ^

. Westm. li3E.lt. 10. 31

Borne

Penal Bonds in Foreign Courts void. 38 E. III. st. 1. c. 4. . 384

Citations, 8tc. from, condemned. - 38 E. III. st. 2. - 385

[And See Pope; Premunire.]

Botblan or Butlanb

Statute made there. - - Provis. in Scae-, 11 E.l. 69

s.

Salmon

Fishery of, Regulations for.

Privilege of

Statute. Pag*.

- Westm. 2} il E.l. c. 47. 94

©anftuan)

f Artie. Cleri 9 9 E. II. ) st. 1. c. 10, 15. 3

[ And See Abjuration.]

'73

Before Execution, after a Year. Not allowed against Clergy for Dismes.

Against Ter-tenants of Lands forfeited.

Scire facia#

Statute. P>P'

- Westm. 29 13 E. I. c. 4J. 93

- 18 E. III. st. 3. c. 7. . 3<>3

- 23 E. III. st. j. c. 1. - 3Ò

Scotlanb

Punishment of

Scanbalum S^agnatum

Westm. 133 E.I.C. 34.

Enemies of, Merchants shall not trade with - -

Raising Men of Arms against

Ordin. pro Hib-, 17 E.II. c. 3. 1 E. 111. sl.i. c. 7.

*93

2jd

A

X.

' ***ã.

OfUl

$UfP>tionj(

W Crum of the King. ¥ 'll**

fA

ftift

D*y* in Bank.

fcc.

u ^

gw

---------Averment .'"Ôh;

\m

In aifnyof the Peace forbidden.

'S'iill

[*lfÈ

Biters

Encroachment* i

X*ÈUi:t

[hiH

The Country iniwmble far. . Ij^u, , ----------------------------a Mat

In Forests, of tame Beam, he. .

Penal Bondi in Foreign Coomroi jl LKiu Gatioo^itc. from, condemned. ¥ jlIJUi .

Bottlan er fiatiino

Surute made there. ¥ ¥ fnm.tkd

S.

štirt fitiu

Before Execution, i/ter a Tear- . r*

fce

Not allowed agauut OetSjfo' _

Dun**- * ,t '

Ttr .tenants of

A pint forfeited.

,inr

¥ ¥ ..*È** ^n. Men of Amu ^

Rasa*1* 1

INDEX.

ScotlsnD

continued.

Statute.

Importation of foreign Cloths into,

restrained. - - - n £. III. c. 3, j.

Wool, not to be carried thither. - / ^taP È 27 HL \

l //. a. c. 12. /

Page.

Cunency of Scottish Groat.

47 E. III. c. 2.

280

338

395

Seafaf

For Writs at Common Law. Common Seal of Abbies.

- Artie, sup. Cart} 28 E.I. c. 6. 139

- Carlisle; 35 E. I. c. 4. 131

[And See Petty Seal; Privy Seal.]

©ea

Open to all Merchants.

18 E. III. st. 2. c. 3.

301

©earefc

Writs of, for the King. - - 14 E. III. st. 1. c. 14. - 286

©ertianta

Ordinance for regulating.

- 23 E. III.

[And See Tttle Labourers.]

3¡7

©beep

Purveyance of.

- 25 E. III. st. 3. c. 15. - 322

©beciffa

Shall not hold Pleas of the Crown. Attachment by, for Debts to the King.

Magna Carta 5 c. 17. Magna Carta; c. 18.

Their County Court, Turn, &c. when and how to be kept, &c.

Magna Carta; c. 35.

~ H. III.

Appointment of, annually in the Exchequer;

Their Qualification, &c.

Continuance in Office, one Year only.

.{

Their Duty5 in Redisseisins.

in Replevins.

in securing Wreck

in apprehending and

securing Felons in Gaols, See.

in bailing Offenders. -

in receiving

and

accounting for the KingÕs Debts, &c.

in summoning Juries.

Provisiones; 43 Marlb ; 52 H. III. c. 10. Westm. I ; 3 E.I. c. 33. Glouc ; 6 E. I. c. 8.

Westm. 2j 13 E. 1. c. 13. .31 E. III. st. 1. c. 15.

Nov. Orden5 5 E. II. c. 17. St. Lincoln; 9 E. II. rt. 2.

2 E. III. c. 4.

4 E. III. c. 9.

J E. III. c. 4.

. 14 E. III. st. 1. c. 7.

14 E. III. st. 1. c. 7.

28 E. III. c. 7.

42 E. III. c. 9. f Merton5 20 H. III. c. 3.

Ó (_ Marlb j 52 H. III. c. 8.

(Provisiones; 43 H. III. Marlb ; 3 2 H. III. c. 21. Westm. 1 ; 3 E.I. c. 17. Westm. 2; 13 E.I. c. 2.

- Westm. 15 3 E. I. c. 4. Westm. 1 ; 3 E.I.c. 9. Wynton; 13 E. I. c. 6.

De Finibus ; 27 E. I. st.l. c. 4 E. III. c. 10. j £. III. c. 14.

14 E. III. St. I. c. to. Westm. I ; 3 E. I. c. I J. Westm. 15 3 E. I. c. 19. Provis. in Scac; 12 E.I.

De Finibus ; 27 E. I. c. 2. Westm. 4514 E. II.

Estat. de! Eschek5 Temp. inc. i E. III. st. 2. c. 4.

.42 E. III. c. 9.

Westm. 25 13 E.I. c. 38.

ed by


116 n6 ns

9

22

35

48

81

352

160

¥75

258

264

266

283

283

346

389

2

21

10

24

3*

72

28

29

98

129

264

268

284

30

32

69

129

180

*97

*55

389

90

©beriffa

continued.

Statute.

f Westm. 2 5 13 E.I.

I Artie, sup. Cart 5 28 .

Their Duty 5 in returning Writs, &c. J r*'£'a£

1 E. III. st. t. c. 5. L2 E. III. e. 5.

Shall not overcharge any with f Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c.

their Retinue, &c. - Artie, sup. Cart 528

Their Counter Rolls with the Coroner. Westm. 1 5 3 E. I. c. Shall not assess Fines on the County. Westm. 15 3 E. I. c

Damages against for abuse of Office. | \ ! \^£L

Extortion by, Punishment of. - Westm. 153 E.I. c

Amercement of, for NegleCt. - Westm. 153 EL

False Imprisonment, ACtion of, against. Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I.

C Artie, sup. Cart 5 28

Choice of, by the County.

Letting to farm of Bailiwicks, Hundreds, &c.

Mode of accounting by, in the Exchequer.

Answerable for their Bailiffs, Gaolers,

&c.

Commissions to for Indictments repealed

Wards and Escheats committed to them.

Shall not be returned Members Parliament.

\ld.

Artie, sup. Cart\ 28 St. Lincoln; 9 E. II 2 E. III. c. 12.

4 E. III. c. 15.

10 E. III. st. 2.

14 E. III. st. 1. c. 9 C Provis. in Scac 5 12

- (_ Estat. del Eschek 5 T 1, C 4 E. III. c. 10.

- 14 E. HI. st. 1

e- 9

128 E. III. c. 9.

- Estat. de! Eschek. to

- 46 E. III.

©bipa

May come to any Port and depart

freely. - - 28 E. III. c. 13.

Not forfeited for Trifles uncustomed. 38 E. III. st. 1. c.8

©olDiera

Wages to.

f 1 E. III. st. È. c. 7 * (_ 18 E. III. it. 2. c. Õ [And See Titles Armour ; Militc

©penaew

Father and Son, their Exile, 8cc. - ^ j jjj

Statute of.

©tamfocD

- 3 E. II.

©taplea

All Staples shall cease.

The Statute or Ordinances of the Staples. -

- Northampt; 2 E. 1

Where the Staples of Wools, Leather, I and Lead shall be held. - - j

Privileges of foreign Merchants at the Staples in buying and exporting % Wools, &c. -J

Or din. Stop-, 27 E. Ordin. Slap 5 27 E st. 2.

38 E. III. st. 1. c. 43 E. III. c. I.

27 E.III. st. 2. c.

c.

Jurisdiction of the as to Contracts, 8cc.

Staple

.{

Recognisances in the Staple.

Weights, &c.; no Forestalling.

No Export of Wool, &c. to Scotland. Loss of Goods at Sea.

27 E. III. st. 2. 31 E. III. st. 4. 3 6 E. III. st. 1. 27 E. III. st. 2. Id.

Id.

Id.

Original fr

staples

continued.

Statute.

Page.

Exchange of Monies, &c. - - -j

r Ordin. Stop. 27 E. III.

st. 2. c. 14.

| 33*

Streets and Houses in the Staple.

Id. - c. 16.

339

Law of Marque and Reprisal Irish and Welshmen may bring Wools,

Id. c. 17.

339

&c. to the Staple.

Administration of Justice to the

1

OO

340

Merchants. ...

EC

1

'O

K>

O

340

Mayor, Constables, and other Officers of the Staple.

Conspiracies against the Staple

Id. - c. 21-24. Id. - c. 25.

340, I, 2

forbidden. - -

342

Credit to the Papers and Oaths

of Merchants.

Id. - c. 2 6.

34*

Exportation of Wool by Natives

\ld. -

33J

prohibited.

General Confirmation of all Liberties

f I'-V-

343

of the Staple.

OO

1

23

343

Fees of the Mayor and Constables.

Ordin. defeodis, EsV.

343

The Statute of the Staple

C 28 E.III. c. 13, 14, 13-

348, 349

confirmed and amended.

Justices shall enquire of Offences

£ 38 E. III. st. 1. c. 6, 7.

384

against the Staple.

Laws of the Staple shall extend to

31 E. III. st. 1. c. 7.

35¡

Merchants only, in Ireland.

31 E. III. st. 4. c. 9.

- 360

Staple removed from Calais.

43 E. III. c. 1.

39¡

[And See Merchants ; Wool.]

©tatute^ercbant

And Statute Staple. - - See Recognisances; Merchants.

Statute#

Revocation of, as unduly made.

15 E. II. - - 189

15 E. III. - - 297

[And See Title Ordinances.]

StetoarD

Of the KingÕs Household. . See Title Marshal.

Sturgeon#

The King shall have. - - Prerog. Regis ; Temp. inc.

Subsidies

Grant of a Fifteenth for Confirmations C Magna Carta; c. 37. of the Charters. - - £ Carta de Foresta; c. 16.

------------- a Ninth. - _ S J4 E- A. 1. c. 20.

C st. 2. c. 1.

18 E. III. st. 2.

18 E. III. st. 3.

----------two Fifteenths, &c. for Two

Years. - .

---------- a Tenth for Three Years by

the Clergy. .

226

118

122

288

290

300

302

Subsidies

continued.

Grant of a Fifteenth for the KingÕs Pardon.

--------- a Subsidy, for Three Years;

which shall be no Example.

Ñ a Subsidy on Cloths.

Statute.

3> E.III. A1.r.

13. .

36 E.III.st.i.c,

II. .

-14E.IlI.st. t.f.

21.

ã Ò. 2. c. ij JE.J7J.A2.

4- -

31 E.III.st.i.c

8. .

,34 E. III. c. 21.

f 27 E. III. st. 1.

4.

\jo E. III. c. -j, 8.

[And See Titles Aids; Parliament.}

Suggestion#

To the King or Council, Accusations f {{{' lt' 5- c-4- by, restrained. - A 37 £¥"*'.!Ç. -

1 138 E. III. st. 1. c.g.

3Ji

374

J89

*9Ç

29]

3Ji

369

330

39*

Pardons of Felony.

- 27 E. III. st. 1. c. 2.

Suits of Courts

Distress for, in what Cases.

f Provisions; 43 H. III.

' \ Marlb; 52 H. III. c. 9.

[And See Courts.]

3JI

3*1

3*4

33¡

Summons

Of the Forest. - - Carta de Foresta; c. 2. no

Amercement for Default of common f Provisimes; 43 H. III. i0

Summons. - - Marlb-, 52 H. III. c. 18. 14

In Plea of Land, Days in. - - Artie, sup. Carp, 28 El. c. ij. 140

Of the Exchequer, Return to. - St. sup. Vic. ; Temp. me. 113

Supremacy

Of the King in Ecclesiastical Matters.

/ St. Carlisle-, 35 E.I. IJO De Provisoribus-, l^E.III.st.4 316 [And See Title Premunirt.]

Sureties

For keeping the KingÕs Peace, by certain Enemies of the King. By Felons pardoned.

On Writs of Idemptitate nominis.

( DiR. de Kenilw; 51 H.III. ) c. 37, 40. J

. 10 E. III. c. 3. - 37 E. III. c. 2.

175

37*

Surbep

Of Buildings, Lands, &c. in Manors. Extenta Manerii; Temp. inc. 141 Of Wards and Escheats. - - Estat. del Eschek-, Temp. inc. >97

Of the KingÕs Works, 8cc. - Id. - . * 0-

Tithes of.

Sglba Caebua

. 4j E. III. c. 3.

393


431

Grant of,

Pardon.

"Tr'SiUidj.fr'I^y Õ

Subsidies on Wools

\*S

npond,

ÈSubsidy on Cloth.

' W 3'< Wk.'

Ç4

Wfc*,

ÈT. restrained. . Pardom of Felony

Giatreti for, in what Cm f /Snae^ij

[Ufa

Of the Forest . . . C*^.

Amercement for Default of cornnon fW.tt Summon., . . .{Upt

In Plea of Land, Dap in. . . hk^ii

Of the Eachetjoer, Return to. . lathf,

$uprtÇ

T.

Call

Statute.

On Gifts in, the DonorÕs Will shall be observed. - - Westm. i ¥, 13 .E. 7. e. 1.

[And See Heirs ; Fines.]

Page.

7Ç

Callage

None to be levied, except by Common

Assent. - a - St. de Tallag; 25 E. I. 125

[And See Aids', Taxes.]

None to be sent beyond Sea. - St. Carlisle ; 35 E. I. e. 2. 151

Care*

No Aids, Tasks, Prises, Tallages, nor Charges, except by Common Assent.

Confirm. Cart; 25 E. I. c. 5. Stat. de Tallag 5 2 J E. I.

14 E. III. st. 2 c.t.

[And See Aids ; Subsidies.]

Ç23

,25

290

Cemplans

Their Crosses shall not be fraudu.lently set up in Lands. - - IVestm. 2} 13 E.l. c. 33. 87

Shall not draw any into Suits unduly. Id. - - c. 43. 92

Their Lands given to the

Hospital of St.John of Jerusalem. De terris Templar-, 17 E.II.st.2. 194

Cenant bp tbe Curteag

Cournament0

Statute.

Page.

Armour at

- St. Armorum-, Temp. ins.

23¡

In what Places allowed.

- - Northampt-, 2 E. III. e. 3.

2J8

Crabewe ¥

Of Offices of Escheators.

/ 34 E. III. c. 14. "\36 E. III. c. 13.

368

375

Creaaon

Amnesty for.

( DiR. de Kenilw, 51 H.I1I. s. *\ 1 E.III. A. I. e. I.

35- '7 2S2

Offenders in, not bailable.

- - Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 15.

3¡

Declaration of Treasons; compassing the Death of the King, See.; vio.lating the Queen, &c.; levying War, &c.; counterfeiting Seals or Money, &c.; killing the Judges, &c.: and the Forfeitures thereon ;

and on Petty Treason.

25 E.III. A.

5- r. 2.

32¡

Privilege of Clergy in, to Clerks.

2j E. III. st.

6. e. 4.

32S

No Forfeiture for, on Death of Persons

not attainted.

34 E. III. s.

12.

3rt7

CreaaurMrotie

Inquiry of by the Coroner. - - -|

[ Offie. Coron ; [_ Stat. Excest;

4 E.l. Temp. ins.

41

21 I

Defined, his Privileges, &c. Alienations by.

----------------- in Kent.

- De ten. per leg. Angh, Temp. ins. 220

- Glous-, 6 E. I. c. 3. - 47

- Consuet. Cantie; Temp. inc. 224

Cmš

In Church-yards, how disposeable. Ne Reftorprost. arb; Temp. ins. 221

Of the King in Etdesiilticil jl Matters. ¥ ¥ -jftfwnti

[A! faith

fearttitf

For keeping the KingÕs Pew, p*Uf by certain Enemies of the King. -1 By Felon, pardoned. - ¥

On Writ, of ldemptiute nominii. ¥

šurtÈP

Of Buildings, Lands, kc. in Manon-

Of Ward, and Eicheaa . .

Of the King's Worksite. ¥ " ^

Tithe, of.

Cenber

Of Marriage to Heirs in Ward. - Merton-, 20 H. III. c.6, 7. 3

Of Rent, by Tenant, before Judgment

in Cessavit. - - Glous; 6 E. I. c. 4. - 48

--------------in London. - - De Gaveleto; J j-fm. jnc f 222

------------ in Kent. - - Consuet. Cantie-, J f 2 J4

Cenure

r Magna Carta; s. 3 2. -117

Shall not be prejudiced by Alienation. ., St. de terris emend, £sV. 18 E.l. 106

( Prerog. Regis; Temp. ins. 226

Of Land holden of the King,

as of an Honour. - - 1 E. III. st. 2- s. 13. 256

Form of Homage, Fealty, &c. - Modusfas. Hotnag ¥, Temp.ins. 227

[And See Heirs -, Wardship, £jV.]

Citbefl

- Westm. 2-, 12 E.I.s.g.

{Cirs. Agatis; 13 E. I.

Artis. Clexi; 9 E. II. J r. 1, 2, J. J 4J E. III. c. 3.

77

101

171, 2

393

Advowson of, Writ for.

Prohibitions in Suits for, when grantable or not.

Citbing

Shall be kept intire. - - Magna Carta-, s. 35.

Coll

Outrageous, Punishment for taking. Westm. I ; 3 E. I. c. 31. 34

[And See Customs, Milts.]

CÇ0pa00

r Merton ; 20 H. III. c. 11.

4

In Parks, kc. Punishment of

-{

Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 20.

32

1

L De Malef. in Parsis; 21 E.l.

111

i

rGlous-, 6 E. I. e. 8.

48

Jurisdiction and Trial of

Wallie-, 12 E.l. c. 11. Westm. 2-, 13 E.l. s. 29.

66

85

1

.Id. - - s. 30.

86

I

r 1 E. III. st. 1. c. 6.

253

Attaint in

5 E. III. e. 7.

267

1

L28 E.III. s. 8.

346

Process for, in Time of preceding

King.

2E.IILe.12.

260

Action of, for Executors.

4 E. III. c. 7.

263

Crial

Felons refusing, Punishment of.

Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 12.

29

Of Homicide.

Glous ; 6 E. I. e. 9.

49

Of Validity of Deeds.

r Ebor ; 12 E. II. st. I. c. 2. 9 E. III. st. I. e. 4.

177

2-Jl

Of Bigamy.

18 E.III. A. 3. c. 2.

302

Of Bastardy of Persons born beyond

Sea.

25 E.III. st. 1.

3IO

[And See Title Juries.]

Cum

The SheriffsÕ, when and how to be]

r Magna Carta; e. 75.

118

kept. - - -1

L31 E. III. st. I. s. if.

35*

----------------------who exempt from j

f Provisiones ; 43 H. III.

9

attending there. - -1

1 Mar lb -, f 2 H. III. e. to.

22

- In Wales.

St. Wallie ; 12 E. I. e. 4.

57

. Inquests in.

Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. e. 13

81

VOL. 1.

5 R

Digitized by


V. &U.

([lagrant*

Statute.

Page.

' Wynton; 13 E.I. c. 4.

97

St. Civ. Land; 13 E. I.

102

5 E. III. c. 14.

268

25 E. III. st. I. r. 7.

3 >3

34 E.III. c. 10,11.

367

Arrest and Detention of.

(Serge of t&e palace

. , ... ... f Artie, sup. Cart; j8 E. I. f.3. 138

Inquests of Homicide within. Nm $ E JL c% 164

[And See Title Marshal.]

(CUrDtS

- Westm. 2; 13 E.J.c. 30. 86

Special, in Disseisin.

In Forests, defined.

(Serf

- Cons. Ilf Ass. de For\ Temp. inc. 243

(DU*cg

Lady de, banished from the Court. - Nov. Orden-, 5 E.II. c. 23. 163

QiEtual*

Unwholesome, Inquiry respecting. { frfp^tribus ; } ,nc' { Dealers in, shall not be Officers for

regulating the Assise of Excess in, restrained.

Regulating the Sale and Price of.

- Ebor; 12 E.II. st. 1. c. 6.

- 10 E. III. st. 3. f23 E. III. c. 6.

j 27 E. III. st. 1. c. 3.

31 E. III. st. 1. c. 10.

37 E. III. e. 3.

42 E. III. c. 7.

202

203

178

278

308

33¡

3SÇ

378

389

Gieto

Statute.

In what Cases grantable or not.

(Hieto of JFranfepIeDge

How to be kept. Statute concerning

(Stllein*

(Hitt* Beligioaia

Statute of Religious Men. . -7 E.I.

To Warranty.

Shall not run against Infants. By Jews, restrained. Forfeitures for.

ftp

-(S/7'V13 Vf'48' 9>

[De Visa terre; Temp. inc. 1

tli

- Magna Carta ; c. 35, . ,,g

- De Visu Franc ¥, Temp. inc.

Amercement of Villeins.

Magna Carta j c. 14.

ni

When they may be sworn on Inquests.

Stat. de Excest; Temp. inc.

311

Writ of Niefty for.

to E. III. st. a.

Jjl

Retainer of Villeins.

23 E. III. c. 1.

307

Plea in Writ of Libertate probanda.

25 E.III. st. j. r. 18.

3J3

Cognisance of Villeinage, Averment

against. -

37 E. III. c. 17.

3Çi

CTCoucbec

- See Warranty.

G*urp

- Merton ; 20 H. III. c. 5. 3

¥ Estat. de Jeverie; Temp. inc. Ill

- ij E.III. st. I. f.J. .

w.

©Hager of lato

Statute.

Page.

On Accusation of Bailiffs.

* - Magna Carta; c. 28.

,,7

In Wales.

- St.Wallie ; 12 E.I. '

e. 9. 65 [e. 14. 68

Against Papers, in London.

- 38 E. III. st. 1. c. j.

384

([Gage*

Of Labourers, Servants ,and

Artificers,

regulated.

- - 2^ E.III. e.iÑ5

307, 8

[And See Artificers; Labourers.

([Gale*

Marches of, the KingÕs Sovereignty over. - -

---------------------Lords of, shall attend

the King.

Statutes for the governing of Wales annexed to the Crown of England.

Division into Counties Office of the Sheriff in his County Court.

Office of Coroner.

Statute.

ftp.

Westm. 1 i 3 £-

I. c. IJ*

s'

28 E. III. f. È¥

3Ç

Statuta Wallir,

12 E. I-

J5

Id. -

e.i.

} *

Id. -

e.i.

Id. - Id. - * Id. - *

Ô¥5- e. 4- cl-

16

57

5È

Go gl

e

¡EX.

&U.

Ô"""C-r-*... ir^

How to be kept.

Statute

concerning

^foofjtani^

' * -vÇi,

¥ ¥ &rÈvÈ

Ao^mmtof ViUenu. . . u ,

^^nurbemmcol^ JJSj;

Retainer of ViDena. . . lj£ffiu

Plea in Wnt of Libemte proton. ij£1H.£. Cognwnce of Villeinage, Atoms

* . ¥ jjlltii

Statute of Religiooi Men. . . j£I .

Qooctin

To Warranty. ¥ ¥ *

Ofun

Shall not ran again# W"* By Jews, teitraioed* Forfeiture* for.

Jfouisil.

ijLEiui

W.

s#È

Oftce of Cocoon

INDEX.

433

<DtnaIe0

continued.

Statute.

Forms of Original Writs ; of Novel*1 Disseisin, Mortdauncester, Writs of I Right, of Dower, Debt, Justicies, fStatuta Wall'te. Pone, Covenant, Attorney, Choice of Coroner.

Proceedings of Trials in Assises

of Novel Disseisin. - - Id.

Trials by Jury, in real Actions. - Id.

c. 6.

Page.

f 59

J 6o

I 61

V. 62

mixed A&ions.

. personal Actions.

. Covenants and

-------------------------personal Trespasses.

Of Dower, and Proceedings to recover. Customs as to Inheritances.

Trials in Crimes, by the English Law. Merchants of, may trade to the Staple in England.

Id.

}!d.

Id.

Id.

Id.

Id.

c.-j. 62Ñ64 c. 8. 64, 5

68

<55

68

f. 14.

c-9- e. 14.

c. to.

e. 11. c. 12. <¥.13. c. 14.

- 27 E. III. st. 2. e. 18.

mat

65,66

66

<*7

68

68

340

Ransom of Parties engaged in

Did. de Kenilw.

51 H. III.

14

Castleward excused during War.

Magna Carta, c.

20.

116

Treatment of foreign Merchants,

1 Magna Carta, c.

3¡.

Ó7

in case of War.

) Ordin.Stap-, 27 1

i.I.st.2.c.rj.

339

I

' 1 E.III. st.2. c.5

>7.Ç5-

<5.7

Service in, and Wages, &c. for. - .

1

18 E. III. st. 2. 25 E. III. st.5.

r. 7. c. 8.

301

321

^ 14 E.1II. st. 1.

c. 19.

288

(DOarbrobe

Warden of, his Account in the Exchequer.

Estat. del Esckel; Temp.ine. 197

Cliarbs&ip

Of Heirs by their Lords, &c.

To what Tenures incident, &c.

Shall be according to Priority of Feoffment. - -

Writ to recover, &c. Proceedings in.

Ravishment of Ward, Punishment of. Surveyors of Wards and Escheats. Wardship of Heirs of the KingÕs Tenants, &c.

f Magna Carta ; r. 3, 4, 5. 114,15

.J Merton; 20 H. III. c. 6, 7. 3

(_ Westm. I ; 3 E. I. c. 22. 33

St. de Wardis, Itfc ; Temp. inc. 228 f Westm. 2 -, 13 E. I. c. 16. 82

\ St. de Wardis, (sÒc-, Temp. inc. 228 ( Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 35. 88

: Marlb; 52 H. III. c. 7. 21

I St. de Wardis, life-, Temp. inc. 228 Westm. 2 i 13 E. I. c. 35. 88

Estat. del Escheh-, Temp. ine. 197

Prerog. Regis-, Temp, incest. 226

COarrantp

Vouchee to, his Appearance.

Counterpleader of, and Averments against.

By the King, Proceedings in.

What Words in a Feoffment, bind Of Tenant by Curtesy, its Effeft.

Of Foreigners in London.

By Reversioners.

Denial of, by Vouchee.

^Barren

Free Warren in Lands of the Crown. Ordin. Foreste ; 33 E. I.

J

f Provisiones -, 43 H. III.

11

"I

1 Marlb-, 52 H. III. c. 26.

I

r Westm. 1 ; 3 E. I. c. 40.

36

1 De presentibus voc. ad Warr -, 7 1 20 E. I. J

108

1

114 E. III. st. 1. c. 18.

287

De Rigamis-, 4 E. I. c. I.

42

to.

Id. - - c.6.

43

Glouc ; 6 E. I. c. 3.

47

( Glouc ; 6 E. I. c. 12.

49

.1

^ Artie. St. Glouc; 9 E.I.

52

Westm. 2 -, 13 E. I. c. 4.

74

Id. c. 6.

77

144

Digitized by


(LQa0te

Statute.

Restraint of; by Guardians, Escheators, and others, of Lands in Ward, &c.

----------------- In Forests.

Terms.

Dower, 8cc

Magna Carta} c. 4, 5. Westm. I j 3 E. I. c. 21.

, Glouc; 6 E.I. c. 5.

] Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I. c. 14 E. III. st. I. c. 13.

36 E. III. st. 1. c. 13. Carta de Foresta; c. 4.

By Guardian in Socage. { fit 17.

By Farmers during their f Provisiones; 43 H. III.

-I Marlb; 52 H. III. c. 23. By Tenants in Curtesy,

- Glouc \ 6 E.I. c. 5.

- Glouc *, 6 E. I. c. 13.

- Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. c. 14. Id. - c. 22.

St. de Vasto -, 20 E. I.

E. III. st. I. c. 13.

¥----------------- Pendente lite.

Writ of, Proceedings in.

---------- between Joint-tenants, 8cc.

for Heirs.

CUatcb anb ©Barb

. -{frisi'H1-*.

¥ . . .. . in London. - St. Cn.London-, 13 E.I.

In Rivers, suppressing.

2UElear0

f Magna Carta ; c. 23. - < 25 E. III. st. 3. c. 4. L45 E. III. c. 2.

Page. 114, 15

3*

48

18. 140

285 374 120

10 *4

11 24

- 48

5¡

8l, 2

83

I09

286

97

268

102

1 *7 3'5 393

axieigbt0 anb 90ea0ure0

Shall be uniform.

Assise of Bread and Ale, &c. and Punishment of Offenders.

Weights and Measures of various Articles. - -

Measure of Acre of Land.

Standard Weights and Measures appointed, 8cc.

Commissions to assay them, repealed. Justices of Peace shall regulate them

Auncel-Weight abolished.

Balances and Weights for Wool.

¥{

(Klestmingter

Magna Carta; c. 25.

117

27 E. III. st. 2. c. 10.

337

As sis a Pants; Judic. Pillorie \ De Pistoribus *,

, TemP* ,

*199

201

202

De Pond. (5* Mens \

inc.

204

St. de Admens. Terre; Compos. Uln. tzfPertir, _

206

_2o6

De Pistoribus *, Temp. inc.

203

14 E. III. st. 1. c. 12.

285

25 E. III. st. 5. c. 10. 31 E. III. st. t.c.2.

321

35¡

34 E. III. c. 6.

36S

18 E. III. st. 2. c. 4.

301

34 E.III.c. 5.

3 6S

25 E. III. st. 5. c. 9.

321

34 E. III. c. 5.

365

31 E. III. st. 1. c. 2.

35¡

[And See Assises -, Measures.]

Statutes of; the First.

- 3 E.I.

26

--------------- the Second.

-i3 E.I.

7*

---------------the Third.

- 18 E.I.

106

--------------- the Fourth.

- 14E.II.

180

(Q[lbale0

The King shall have.

- Prerog. Reg ; Temp. inc.

226

<B[llbOtD0

Remarriage, &c. of

- Magna Carta; c. 7.

"S

Remedy for their Dower.

- Merton ; 20 H. III. c. I.

I

May bequeath the Crop of their Lands. Id. - c. 2.

lb.

Writ of Dower for, in Wales.

- St. Wallie ; 12 E.I. c. 12.

67

[ And See Dower j Marriage.]

<HBincfte0ter

Statute.

Statute made at.

Page.

9 6

. confirmed.

Articles of Inquiry upon.

. 13 E.I.

'Artie, sup. Cart; 28 E. I. s.VJ. 140 2E.III.C. 6. - *59

C E. III. c. 14. - 268

.28 E.III. c. 11. - 347

- Temp, incert. - * 245

{i

dime

dlool

1. me.

Assise and Sale of, regulated.

Exportation of, by Aliens. Forestalling of, prohibited.

Prisage of by the KingÕs Butler.

Of Gascony, Purchase and Importation of, regulated.

Gauging, Stc. of, on Importation.

rJudiePUhriti ? T I Pro Putortbus ., 5 r ) GlouCy 6 E. I. c. IJ.

1-4 E.III. c. 12. j 9 E. III. st. 1. e. 1.

" \ De Extr. ad Scac-, 16 E. II. 25 E. III. st. 3. c. 3.

2J E.III. st. 5. e. 21.

43 E. III. c. 3.

'27 E. III. st. 1. r.5,6, 7. 37 E. III. c. 16.

- 38 E. III. st. 1. c. 10,11.

42 E. III. s. 8.

_43 E. III. c. 2.

( 27 E. III. st. 1. c. 8.

31 E. III. st. 1. c. 5.

C 38 E. III. st. 1. c. 10.

¥{

201

203

5¡

264

270

192

3*5

323

39*

33* 382 384 389 391

331

350

384

dlitne00e0

St. Wallie; 12 E.I. s. 10.

- 66

Ebor ; 12 E. II. st.I.C. 2.

- 177

9 E. III. st. 1. s. 4.

271

Appeal of Homicide by Essoin de Servicio Regis for

dlomen

- Magna Carta ; c. 34. - 118

- St. de Esson. cal-, Temp. ins. - 217

[ And See Widows, Wr.]

CQOOD0

Waste in ... DiB. de Kenilw, c. 19.

Not to be taken for the KingÕs Castles. Magna Carta j r. 21.

Within Forests, how to be occupied, f olTn^ZT^E.)Õ. .

Sale of - - V Cons. &Ass. de For\ Temp.inc.

Inquiry as to Demesne Woods, 8tc. Extenta Manerii; Temp. ins.

>5 116 121 149 2 44 242

Excessive Customs on, restrained.

Charges on shall be by common Assent in Parliament.

Statute.

Exportation of regulated.

{Confirm. Cart; 15 £, J Stat.de Tallag; 15 E.L 14 E.III. st.2. c.4. 3aE.ULc.2i, . f 36 E. III. it. 1. c.

-145 E.III. c.4.

11 E. III. c, 1.

14 E. III. st. 2. c. 4.

27 E. III. a. 2. c. 1.

I 31 E.III. st. 1.r.8,0. <34 E.III. c.2!. V

36 E.III. st. 1. c. 11. 38 E. III. st. 1. c.6. .43 E. ni. e. 2.

18 E.III. st. 2. c. 3.

,24

'È5

191

36I

374

393

Ho

191

334

35'

3#

374

384

390.1

301

Purchase and Sale of declared free.

Bringing to the Staple and exporting f ^rÔ^n¥ ^laf > 27 E. III. 1 ^

them from thence. - ã ft'2' c" 3> 7. '!¥ J 335Ñ8

C28 h. III. c. 13. . ,.j

Frauds in Weight and Sale of,

restrained. - - 31 E.III. st.i.e. aÑ8.

Canvas for packing, free. - - 34 E. III. c. 19. . ^

[And See Staples j Subsidies.]

ttflretk

Defined, and how to be saved for the f Westm. 1 ¥, 3 E.I. e. 4. jg Owners. - -\OJfic. Coronator-, 4 E. I. ^

The KingÕs Prerogative in. - Prerogativa Regis; Temp, itic. 116

Restitution to Merchants for. - 27 E. III. st. 2. c. 13. ¥ 33)

CDUtit

Of Right, ChampionÕs Oath in. - Westm. 1; 3 E.I. 041. Of Praecipe in Capite, when grantable. Magna Carta; c. 24.

None shall answer on Oath or for $ Õu\rr

Freehold without the KingÕs Writ.j ***** ? U-ULill.

p k Lonsuet. Lantie; temp. me.

Of Entry, on Disseisin in the Post ------------ Voucher on.

Delivery of in Eyre.

In consimili casu.

Service and Return of by Sheriff.

Concerning the Common Law, shall f Artis, sup. Cart; 28 E. 1.1 not issue under any Petty Seal. st. 2. s.6.)

[And See Limitation; Shertfs, SjV.]

- Marlb\ J 2 H.lll. c. 29.

- Westm. 13 3 E.I. e.40.

- Westm. 2', 13 E.I. c. 10.

f Westm. 2 ; 13 E. I. e. 24. I Ô-i¡-

- Westm. 2 ; 13 E.I. f.39.

37

"7

11

È4

22J

>5

3*

to

¥j

95

9¡

'39

Y.

jfarmouti)

Statute. Page.

Regulations for Sale of Fish at the f Ordin. de Allece vendend; 7

Fair there. - 31 E. III. st. 2. r. 2. $ 353> 4

gear

Day, and Waste, in FelonsÕ Lands. - \ ªaZna Carta È cÔ22Ô * 1 "5

---------------------not in Kent. . Consuet.clnt .,] TemtÔ { 223^7

Leap Year, accounting the Day in. Provis. de anno Biss; 40 H. III. 7

JEJorb

Statute.

Page-

fllE.II.

- '77

Statutes made at.

J ij E. II. l9 E.III.

tÇ5.7

169

Money may be coined at

- 18 E.III. tt.i.s.6.

¥ 3¡'

LONDON: Printed by GEORGE EYRE and ANDREW STRAHAN, Printer, to the KingÕs most Excellent Majesty. MDCCCX.


"'.restninti

C1T*** 00 ÇM be k, ^ ^Ò PÇlun*m r

^,p¡ftit)oo 0/ rtgukttd

Ôam*;;

Purchuc

them from tW Òd *Wft4*W

H

Fn#d* . Weigh, ^ ^ ,

restrained. *

[ÒVi

DIRECTIONS to the BINDER.

The Half Title, the Title, and the Sheets following, having Signatures b to z, ending page lxxxix, contain all the Preliminary Matters, with the Introdu&ion and Appendix.

Next is to follow the Sheet having the Half Title Ô Charters or Liberties,Õ and containing the Table of the Charters; and then the Sheets with the Signatures B to M, ending p. 44, all having the Running Title * Charters or Liberties.Õ

CDtttl

Tht W* Pmoginre m. . f . . Resntutioo to Mrrchaa for. . JlJJ*

.1*25

fflrtt

Of R!glu, QumpiooÕt Oath in. . rat,; ^ Of Prsdpt in Capite, when gnntable.

Nooe dull aniver on Oath or for Freehold without the KingÕi ;

Of Entry, on Duaeiiin in the Poe ¥ JM,pI|g

----------Voucher on. . . FmijjlL,

Delivery of in Eyre. ¥ ¥ FsUiiijUa

In contimili cun. ¥ _|Fotn!,i]i..

Service and Return of by Sheriff. ¥ ftAii iji! Concerning the Common Law,ihafl not iirue under anr Petty Seal. ¥ (, i;

[HkU*M

Three Sheets with the Signatures *a.*b. *c. the first having the Half Title * The StatutesÕ &c. and the others containing the Chronological Table of the Statutes, and ending page x. are to be inserted immediately after the Charters, and before the Body of the Statutes.

The Sheets containing the Body of the Statutes have regular Signatures from B to 3 R (pa. 1. to 338); After those are to be inserted Three Sheets, with Signatures 3 R a. 3 R b. 3 R c. (p. 239 to 250.) and then Sheet Signature 3 S. pa. 251. and from thence regularly to the End, Signature 5 R. including the Index.

DIRECTIONS for placing the PLATES.

Carta Stephani Ardculi Magne Carte Magna Carta Johannis Carta de Foresta, 2 H.III.

Magna Carta, 9 H. III.

Entry on Charter Roll, 21 H.III.

Each on aj Guard ;

to face page 3 Between page 6 & 7

- 8 & 9

- 20 & 21

- - 22 & 23

. to face pa. 28

Magna Carta confirmata, 25 E. I. on a Guard, between page 32 & 33

Of the Charters of Liberties.

Entry on the Patent Roll, 21 H. III. to face Entry on the Statute Roll, 25 E. I.

Entry on the Close Roll, 18 H. III.

page 4. page 114. page 118.

the Statutes.

Sutures nude at Money but be Ò

gort

is

rniff '

1,1š

RAHAN. Pn**"

.a.*-*'*'


