THE

Statutes at Large,

From the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD,

To the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of

KING GEORGE the THIRD, inclusive.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Publick and Private Statutes during that Time.

WITH A COPIOUS INDEX.

Being a TWELFTH VOLUME to Mr. Runnington's Edition,

and a SIXTEENTH to Mr. Ruffhead's.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty:

And by Andrew Strahan and William Woodfall, Law Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of

GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 30 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution, certain Orders of Council, respecting the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also certain Orders issued by the Governor General of his Majesty's Colonies in America; and for preventing Suits in consequence of the same; and for making further Provisions relative thereto.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

4. An Act for taking off the Duties upon unwrought Tin exported to any of the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope.

5. An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act to amend two Acts made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; the one intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his Majesty's said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies; and the other intituled, An Act to allow the Importation of Rum or other Spirits from his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions.

9. An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Clothing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

10. An Act for the better Support of the Dignity of the Speaker of the House of Commons; and for disabling the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown.

11. An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whole Admissions have been omitted to be stumped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law; and for giving further time for that Purpose.

---

13. An Act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, (intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninetyf together with those named in two former Acts for appointing Commissioners of the Land Tax.

24. An Act for continuing the Encouragement and Reward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or making other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for adding a Commissioner to execute the several Acts for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea.

15. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

16. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

17. An Act for altering the Time appointed for holding the Summer Session in the Court of Session in Scotland; and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

18. An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

19. An Act for allowing further Time for lnrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

20. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church and Tower of Saint Thomas, within the City of Bristol.

21. An Act for better supplying the City of Norwich, and the Parts adjacent, with Water.

22. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, within the Hundreds of Colneis and Car (ford, in the County of Suffolk.

23. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act) made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, ion Hoses let to Hire for travelling Pqjl, and by Time, to such Persons asjhoull be willing to contract for the same.

24. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one Million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Honiton in the County of Devon.

26. An Act to exempt Goods and Chattels imported from the Settlement of Tucatan in South America, and sold by Audlion in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Goods exported to Tucatan.

27. An Act for encouraging new Settlers in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America.

28. An Act for permitting the Importation of Cashew Gum* from his Majesty's West India Islands, upon Payment of the like Duty as is paid upon the Importation of Gum Arabic, or Gum Senega.

29. An Act for amending an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Aid for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston. Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain Regulations and Rcjlrittions; and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities the Growth and Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of l^giebcc*

30. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

31. An Act to alter so much of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in Gold and Silver Wares; and also so much of another Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on all Gold and Silver ' Plate imported, and also certain Duties on all Gold and Silver Wrought Plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the marking of Silver Wares.

32. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

33. An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying^ Slaves in British Vefjeh from the Coast of Africa.

34. An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have fuftered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Difleniions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to his Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; for making Compensation to Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy in America during the War, or whose Property was used, seized, or destroyed for the carrying on the public Service there; and also for making Compensation to such Persons as have fuftered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

35. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, touching the Election for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England.

36. An Act to alter, explain, and amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages, and for regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards die roof,

The TITLES of

37. An Act to continue two Acts made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several v* Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits,

and upon Worts, JVash, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits fro?n England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a lijnited Time, an del made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, “ to discontinue, for a limited “ Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and u Spirits for Home Consumption; and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Impofls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies;” and for amending the said Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

38. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Licences for retailing Wine and Sweets, and upon Licences for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

39. An Act for making Allowances to Distillers of Low Wines and Spirits from Malt, Corn, or Grain, in Scotland, in respect of the Duties imposed by an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

40. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the lart Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof

41. An Act for laying a Duty on the Importation from any of the Provinces in Arorth America, of Rape Seed, and all other Seeds used for extracting Oil, and for allowing the Importation from the said Provinces of Rape Cakes, or Cakes made of Rape Seed used for Manure, Duty-free.

42. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, certain Provisions contained in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council respeSling the importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also certain Orders ifjucd by the Governor General of his Majestys Colonies in America; and for preventing Suits in consequence of the fame; and for making further Provijions relative thereto, relating to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and to authorize his Majesty to permit the Exportation of Coin, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit

the Importation thereof on the low Duties.

43. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs to defray Charges on Seizures, out of his Majesty's Share of Seizures in general.

44. An Act to enable his Majesty to settle a certain Annuity on the Reverend Francis Willis, Doctor of Physick.

45. An Act for converting certain Annuities, to be attended "with the Benefit of Survivor ship in Clailes, established by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, into certain Annuities for an absolute Term of Years, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to nominate Lives for the Shares lo converted.'

46. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity for the Use of the Heirs and Defendants of William Penn, Esquire, the original Proprietor of the Province of Pennsylvania, in consideration of the meritorious Services of ahe said William Penn, and of the LofTes which his Family have sustained in consequence of the unhappy DifTcnfions in America.

the STATUTES.

47. An Act for enabling his Majesty to authorize his Governor or Lieutenant Governor of such Places beyond the Seas, to which Felons or other Offenders may be transported, to remit the Sentences of such Offenders.

48. An Act for discontinuing the Judgment which has been required by Law to be given against Women convicted of certain Crimes, and substituting another Judgment in lieu thereof.

49. An Act to impower Justices, and other Persons, to visit Parish Workhouses or Poor Houses, and examine and certify the State and Condition of the Poor therein to the Quarter Sessions.

50. An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown; and to sell or alienate Fee Farm, and other unimproveable Rents.

51. An Act for diverting out of the Crown the Reversion in Fee of and in certain Hereditaments, heretofore the Estate of Sir Roger Strickland, Knight, deceased, in Cat-tcrick and Thu ft all, in the County of York \ and for vesting the lame in the several Persons entitled to the said Hereditaments; and for extinguishing and destroying a certain Term of one hundred Years, for which the said Hereditaments were limited in Trust for his late Majesty King George the First, his Heirs and Successors.

52. An Act for improving, continuing, and extending the Navigation of the River Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the Town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the Parish of Cuckfield, and to the Extent of the said Parish of Cuckfeld, and also of a Branch of the said River to Shortbridge, in the Parish of Fletching, in the County of Sussex.

53. An Act to alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, several Acts made for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent; and for putting certain Streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the Management of Parochial Committees, subject to the Controul of the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said several Acts; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments in the said Streets, and other Places; and for other Purposes.

54. An Act for vesting the Estate and Property of the Trustees of Westminster Fish Market in the Marine Society, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing the Powers of the said Trustees.

55. An Act to enable Sir William Plamilton, Knight of the moll honourable Order of the Bath, his Heirs and Assigns, to make and provide Quays, Docks, Piers, and other Erections; and to establish a Market, with proper Roads and Avenues thereto respectively, within the Manor or Lordship of Hubberston and Pilt in the County of Pembroke.

56. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near to Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erc-wash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also a collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Cod nor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said County.

57. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk.

58. An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Edingto”,

The TITLES of

otherwise Bnrtle Moor, East Heathy West Heathy and Chyde Batchy within the Hamlet of Edingtoriy and Parish of Moorlinchy in the County of Somerset.

59. An Act for more effectually embanking the Marsh called Malldraeth and Corjddaugauy in the County of Anriefey, and draining and preserving the fame, and the inclosed Low Lands contiguous thereto.

60. An Act for effectually carrying into Execution, two Acts of the sixteenth and twenty-fifth Years of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Stourbridge Navigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazely Canal Navigations, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford.

61. An Act for authorising and enabling the Right Honourable George Earl of Mount Edgeumbey and Reginald Pole CareWy Esquire, to establish and maintain a Common Ferry over and across the River Tamer, between a certain Place North of Plymouth Docky in the Parish of Stoke Da-marel in the County of Devon, and Torfointy in the Parish of ^Antony Saint "Jacoby otherwise Antony in the Easty in the County of Cornwall.

62. An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, and widening the Streets, Lanes, and Passages; for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances; and for regulating the Porters, and Drivers of Carts, within the Borough of Truroy and Part of the adjoining Parishes in the County of Cornwall.

63. An Act for preserving the Works made for (applying the Town of Bradford, in the County of Yorky and Part of the Township of Hortoriy in the Parish of Bradford, aforesaid, with Water; for the more easy Recovery of the Rents for the said Water; and to enable the Proprietors thereof to borrow Money for the improving such Works.

64. An Act for establishing a Chapel at Ramsgate, in the Parish of Saint Laivrencey in the lfle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, as a Chapel of Ease to the Church of the same Parish.

65. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation; and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation; and for other Purposes.

66. An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the City and Township of Peterborough.

67. An Act for paving, cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places, within the City of Durham, and Borough of Framiuelgate, and the Suburbs thereof, and Streets thereto adjoining; for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachment's, and Obstructions therein; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, and public Passages and Places; and for regulating and improving the Markets within the said City and Suburbs.

68. An Act for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leedsy in the County of Yorky with Water; and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and

other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions therein.

69. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for pulling down the Church of Saint James at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex \ and for building a new

the STATUTES.

Churchy and making a new Church Tardy or Cemetery in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto; and for purchasing Pauonville Chapel, and making the same a Chapel of Ease to the said Church.

70. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliamen, for providing an additional Burial Ground for the Parish of Saint James Westminster, and erecting a Chapel adjoining the retOy and also a House for the Rcfulence of a Clergyman to off date in burying the Dead.

71. An Act for taking down the Church and Tower, belonging to the Pariili of Saint Johny at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery or Church Yard.

72. An Act for taking dowm the Church, Chancel, and Tower, belonging to the Parish of Banbury, in the County of O.xford, and for rebuilding the fame.

73. An Act for forming a Junction between the Forth and Clyde Navigation and the Monkland Navigation; and for altering, enlarging, and explaining several former Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Navigations.

74. An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation cf Waterbeach Level, in the County of Cambridge; and to establish an Agrcc?nent made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the Commoners within the said Manor.

75. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, to improve the Navigation of the River Severny from Stour-porty in the County of Worcester, to a Place called Dig/isy near the City of Worcester.

76. An Act for forming and keeping in repair the Streets and other public Passages and Places, within a certain District, in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, called Hans Towny and for otherwise improving the same.

77. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the City of Coventry, and the Suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for regulating the public Wells; and Pumps within the said City and Suburbs.

78. An Act to continue an Act, made in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to regulate the Loading cf Ships with Coals, in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

79. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex.

80. An Act for providing a Workhouse for, and for the better Relief and Employment of, the Poor of the Parish of Streathaniy in the County of Surrey; and for appointing an additional Overseer for the better Government of the Poor of the said Parish.

81. An Act for providing a new Poor House for, and for the better Relief and Government of, the Poor of the Township of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster.

82. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merthyr Tidviley to and through a Place called The Banky near the Town of Cardiffy in the County of Glamorgan.

83. An Act for impowering Petfons navigating Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, in the River Ouzey in the County of Norfolk, to hale or tow with Horles, or other Hearts, on the Banks or Sea Walls of the said River; and for making Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks or Sea Walls.

The TITLES of

84. An Act to impower William Henry Campbell, Esquire, to (hut up a Road and" Foot Paths in the Parish of Liston in the County of Essex; and to oblige him to make and keep in Repair for the future another Road and Foot Path in lieu thereof.

85. An Act for continuing an Act of the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, yir amending the Road from Saint Stephen’s Gate, in the City of Norwich, to Block Hill, in Trowfe, at the dingle where the Road divides, to Bixley and Kirby, in the County of Norfolk.

86. An Act for continuing an Act: of the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the City of Norwich, to a Stone

k formerly called Tht Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich Road joins the Caifter Caiifeway, two Miles and a Half short of the Town of Great Yarmouth.

87. An Act for continuing an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, yir repairing and amending the Road from Berstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk.

88. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Randal-Carr Lane Head in Fernilee, in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith.

89. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Royston in the County of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and from the Town of Huntingdon to the causeway at or near the West End of the Town of Somersham, in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the Middle and South Divisions, and separate District, of the (kid Roads.

90. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the eighth Year of his present Majesty, for amending, vjidening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and through the Town of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent.

91. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston Halting, in the County of Pembroke.

92. An Act to enlarge the 'Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Fofton Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County of Leicester; and for repairing and widening two Pieces of Road, called Hunt's Lane and Wood Lane, in the Parishes of Desford and Newbold Verdon.

93. An Act for making and repairing the Road from New-tniln Bridge, by Foodie's Mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to Graill, and other Roads in the County of Fife*

94. An Act for enlarging the Term of several Acts made for repairing the Roads from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and from Stump Cross aforesaid to the End of the Town of Trumpington, next to Shelford, and from Shelford Pound to Wittleford; and for making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads, and also one Mile of the Road between Trumpington and Cambridge, commencing nt the South End of Trumpington aforesaid; and for amending the Road from Chesterford Bridge to the End of Wittleford next to Shelford, all in the County of Cambridge*

the STATUTES.

95. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the amending, widening, altering, clearing,'and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset.

96. An Act for enlarging the Terms, and altering the Powers of two Acts made in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Marlborough, through Weji Kennett to Sheppard's Shord, and from the Hare and Hounds, in Beckhampton, to the Top of Cherril Hill, and from the Town of Avebury to the Cross Way at Beckhampton, and from the Turnpike Gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the North Side of Swindon, to the Carpenter's Arms in Blunsden, in the County of Wilts, and for diverting, turning, and altering, Part of the said Roads; and for repairing and widening the Road on the West Side of The Three Barrows, from the Direction Post there, on the new Road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the Distance of one Mile from the said Direction Post West-ward.

97. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging, altering, and amending, the Powers of an Act, made in the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairings widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappell, in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the County of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Boft Hills, in the said County of Sussex.

98. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rovjde Ford to Red Hill, and from Chittoe Heath to the Town of Caine, in the County of Wilts; and for repealing three Acts made in the second and twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Hor fey Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.

99. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of certain Acts made for repairing the Road from Keighley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Kirby in Kended, in the County of Westmorland, so fas as relates to such Part of the said Road as lies within the County of York.

100. An Act for making, amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Fofbrook, in the Parish of Dillorn, through Dillorn, and from thence to or near to Chedleton, in the County of Stafford.

101. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of three several Acts made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading fro?n the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

102. An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, a Road from Eve Hill near Dudley, to the Nav Inn, in the Parish of Pdttingham, and from the Turnpike Road at or near Street End, in the Parish of Kingswinford, to the Turnpike Road leading from Dudley to Wolverhampton, in the Counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford.

103. An Act to continue the Term,'and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury,

The TITLES of

the Top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugdcn to Hunting* den, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon, and also the Rond leading out of the afonefold Road at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Temps ford, to and through Little Bartord, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End cf Cross Hall Lane.

104. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Saint Stephen’s Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Windmill in the Town of Walton, in the County of Norfolk.

105. An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of so much of tvv’o Acts made in the twenty-fifth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Linlithgow.

106. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the 'Third, for repairing and widening the Road from we Mayor's Stone, in Abingdon, in the County f Berks, through Cuinner, to the ancient Hoije Road at Swinford, in tieJaid County.

107. An Act to continue the 'Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Read from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the County of Stafford.

108. An Act to continue the Term, "and alter the Powers, of lo much of two Acts made in the twenty-filth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Stirling. and for repairing the Road from Loanhcad to Saint Ni man's, in the said County of Stirling.

109. An Act for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton.

110. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the "Town of Denbigh, to the Turnpike Road between North of and Holywell, and from Afon If en to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Read from the End of the Turnpike Road in Shawbury, in the County of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the /aid County, and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the County of StalFord, cud from Shawbury aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in High Ercall, in the fold County of Salop, and /torn Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said County; and from thence to the Turnpike Road in Sandford,.//; the /aid Countym

112. An Act for enlarging the Term and Povvers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Tunstall, in the County of Stafford, io Bosley, in the County of Chester; and from Great Chell to Shelton, in the said County of Stafford.

113. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Hmh Rcaf leading from Alireton, in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain Place in the Town of Mansfield called Stockvcll; and from the Bridle Gate, at the Druid on of the Liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through the Town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield

the statutes:

and Newark Turnpike at or near Python Hill, in the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham.

114. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the East End of Bromham Bridge, in the County of Bedford, to the Turnpike Road leading from J Wellingborough to Olney, in the County of Bucks; and also the Road from the said Turnpike Road, at or near the

South End of the Town of Olney aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Northampton to Newport Pagnell, in the same County.

115. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of certain Acts for repairing the Road from the Town of Hitchin, through Sheffield, to the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other Roadg therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hertford and Bedford.

PRIVATE acts.

Anno 30 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Cow Failure and Common Fen in the Parish of Point on, in the County of Lincoln.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields and a Stinted Failure called Linton I'uflure, within the Township of Lintcn, in the West Riding of the County of York.

3. An Act for naturalizing Gottlob Gottheffi Schafer,.

4. An Act for vesting Part of the Freehold Estates devised by the Will of James Money, Efouire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase ot other Hereditaments, to he settled to the same Lies as the Estates to be sold now ft and limited to.

5. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Francis Thomas Rybot with Alicia Fowler, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Old Buckenham, in the County of Norfolk.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Open Fields in the Township of Burton Leonard, in the County of York.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, called DunLeJwick Common, Huly Common, JVejcochill Common, and iVceton Green, within the Manor and Parish of Harewood, in the County of York.

9. An Act for dividing and allotting the intermixed or Commonable Lands and Grounds, and Common Pastures or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dibden, in the County of Southampton.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regulating the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of North &oliingbam9 in the County of Nottingham.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Common Moor or Trad of Waste Ground called KiUingworth Aioor, in the Parish of Long Benton, in the County of Northumberland.

12. An Act to enable Tic mas Samwell TWatfon Samwell Esquire, (lately called Thomas Samwell I Watson) and his Heirs Male, to take the Surname, and use the Arms of Samwell, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Samwell\ Baronet, deceased.

13. An Act for naturalizing George Patfeh, John Chrylian Hartwig Garbers, and John Henry Pajleur.

14. An Act for naturalizing Julius George Bicrbaum.

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

15. An Act for naturalizing Noah Turmine.

16. An Act for naturalizing Matthias Koops.

17. An Act for embanking the Common oalt Marsh within the Parishes of Terrington Saint Clement's, and Terrington Stint John's, in the County of Norfolk, and for dividing and inclosing the lame, and other Commons within the fad Parishes.

18. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Commonable Lands within the Manor of Deverill Longbridge, Hfey Deverill, and Monkton Deverill, in the County of Witts.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Dormstone, in the County of Worcester.

20. An Act foi dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Harby, in the County of Leicester.

21. An Act for naturalizing TVillem Blaatnv.

22. An Act for dividingand inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows and Pastures, Common and Waste Lands, in the Liberty or Lordship of Alicklcover, in the County of Derby-

23. An Act for dividingand inclosing Part of a certain Common or Waste Land, called Road Common, within the Manor of Road and Langham, in the Parishes of Road and North Bradley, in the Counties of Somerset and Kilts.

24. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Bleaiarn, in the Parish of (Varcop, in the County of JVijbnorlond.

25. An Act to confirm and establish the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, of the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, lying in the P.jith of Cot grave, in the County of Nottingham, and alloseveral Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and OpenFields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Polebrook, in the County of Northampton.

27. An Act for impowering the Trustees of the Mod Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle to lay out Part of his settled Money in the Purchase of a Leaichold Manor, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying intermixed, or convenient to be enjoyed, with his settled Estates in the Counties of Nottingham and York, upon the like Trusts, and with the like Powers, as his said Estates now stand settled upon, or are subject or liable to.

28. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of Richard IVdprj, Esquire, deceased, in the County of York, and for settling other Estates, in the County of the City of York, in Lieu thereof.

29. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of the Reverend Suphen White, D oft or of Laws, in London, Middlesex, Surrey, and Hertfordshire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates to be settled to the same Ules, and for enabling the Trustees in the mean Time to grant Building and Repairing Lcalcs.

30. An Act to enable Sir John Riddell, Baronet, to use the Surname and Arms of Buchanan, pursuant to the Will of Archibald Buchanan, Esquire, deceased, and for veiling cerrain Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Bucks, deviied by the said Will to the Uses therein mentioned, in Trustees to sell the same, for discharging Incumbrances thereon, and to lay out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the Lme Uses, and for other Pur polls*

31. An Act for exchanging the settled Estate of the Reverend John Tempter, in the County of Kent, for another Estate of greater Value in the County of Devon, to be settled in Lieu thereof.

32. An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Sfuintine-Jpie, Kirklands, and others, and the Teinds, Parsonage, and Vicarage of the Lands of Rede fie, and others, lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, to and in Favour of Mistress Margaret Lcnurie of Redcastle, Widow of the deceased Andrew Lawrie, Esquire, of Redcojlle, and the fame Series of Heirs in Fee Tail, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are mentioned and contained in two Deeds of Entail, made in the Years one thousand seven hundred and twemy-seven and one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, by Mr. (Valter Laurie of RedcajHe, and for vesting in the aforesaid Mistress Margaret Lawrie, and her Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple, the Lands of Mool and Cairn, and others, in the County of IVigion.

33. An Act for vesting certain Parts of the settled Estates of Thomas lylcourt, Esquire, in the Counties of Gloucester and (Vilts, in Trustees to be sold and exchanged, and for laying out Part of the Money arising by Sale in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, and for applying the Reliduc in Discharge of Incumbrances.

34. An Act to efteftuate and establish an Exchange between William Cclhoun, Esquire, with the Provost and College of Eton, of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Consolidated or Lmited Rectories of (betting Ad Saints and Crceting Saint ()Saves, in the County of Suffolk, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of Bast IVrctham, in the County of Norfolk.

35. An Act to efieftuate and establish an Exchange between IPiiii.un Cclhoun, Esquire, and the Provost and Scholars of the King’s College of Bif id Mary and Saint Nicholas, of Cambridge, of the Advowson and Right of Patronrge of and to the Rectory of BLtworth, in the County of Suffolk, and certain Pieces of Land and Hereditaments in Blepworth aforesaid, for the Advowson and Right of Patronage of and to the Rectory of (Vejl (Vrethanu in the County of Norfolk.

36. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in the County of Sussex, in him the said Duke, in Fee, and for settling other Estates of the said Duke, in the same County, of equal or greater Value, in Lieu thereof.

37. An Act for vesting the Manor of Fisherton Ddamere otherwise Fisherton Dclamore, and other Hereditaments, in the County of (Lilts, deviled by the Will of the most Noble Charles, formerly Duke of Belton, with the Appurtenances, in Trustees, discharged of the Uses and l'rusts of the said Will, for the Purpose of more efPeftually carrying into Execution certain Decrees or Decretal Orders of the Court of Chancery for the Sale of the said Estates.

38. An Act to confirm a Lease lately made by Henry Nevill, Earl of Abergavenny, of certain Entailed Mines, and other Hereditaments, in the County of Monmouth, and to enable granting future Leases of the said Entailed Mines, and other Hereditaments, and also of all other Estates of which the said Earl is leized, as Tenant in Tail Male, under an Act of Parliament passed in the second and third Years of the Reign of Ring Philip and Queen Alary, and under the Limitations in the last Will of George Lord Abergavenny, in the said Act of Philip and Alary mentioned.

39. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Richard Hatchett,

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, in the County of Chester, and Part of their settled Estates in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Purchase Money in other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Heath, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Bowbrickhill and Hamlet of Fenny Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Commonable Places in the Parish of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and regulating, certain Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Carrs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township and Liberty of Clayworth, in the Parish of Clayworth, in the County of Nottingham.

43. An Act for draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, and also a certain Open Common Meadow, within the Manors of Why-church and Milborne, and Little Somerford, in the County of Wilts.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing Tickton Carr, or Common, in the County of York.

45. An Act «for dividing and allotting several Open and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parishes of Great Bedwhu Little Bedwin, and Prefhute. in the County of Wilts.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bushell, in the North Riding of the County of York.

47. An Act for naturalizing Fran$oife Antoinette De Luc.

48. An Act for naturalizing August Leberecht Schon-berg.

49. An Act for the Partition of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Skendleby', and other Parishes, in the County of Lincoln^ in which Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, in Right of the Right Honourable Priscilla Barbara Elixabethy Baroness Willoughby of Erejby, his Wife, and the Reverend Edward Brackenbury, have now undivided Moieties, or Half Parts.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-first Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 31 Georgii III.

1. AN Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties

upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption; upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England; and upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain Acts for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to difeentinue, for a li?nited Lime, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Hotne Consumption, and for granting and fear ing the due Payment of other Duties in Hen thereof; and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits.

2. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Malt.

3. An Act to give further Time to John Alachride Esquire, and his Sureties, for entering into their Recognizances, in respect of his Petition presented to the House of Commons, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

4. An Act to continue and amend so much of two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and to

31 Geo. III.

the authorising his Majesty to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour, and to prohibit the Importation thereof on the low Duties.

5. An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentioned.

6. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

7. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

8. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Artornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

9. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

10. An Act for altering and amending so much of an Act passed in the twenty-eighth Year of hi? Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for ran wing any Doubt rfpetting the Power of the Commijfwtnrs for the Affairs cf India, to divert that the Expence cf railing, transporting, and maintaining,such Troops as may be judged nee fary for the Security of the Britishi Territories and Possessons in the East: Indies, /ho nil be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and P offtons; and for limiting the Application of the fetid Revenues in the Manner therein mentioned, as relates to such Dircdtions as shall be given or approved by the said Commissioners with rtfped to the Payment of certain Proportions of his Majesty's Forces in India, and of the European Forces of the East India Company, therein specified.

11. An Act for removing any Doubt respcdVing the Sale or Mortgage of Annuities, pursuant to an Act made in the twenty-fixfch Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the East India Company to raft Money by Sale of Annuities, and by increasing their Capital Stock.

12. An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the find United States.

13. An Act for punching Alutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

14. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to hi» Alaje/h by a Land Tax, to be rased in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

15. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Sugar imported into tins Kingdom.

16. An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the two n tv-huh Day of Marclo one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

17. An Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching, and levelling the Suifaces of the Streets* and other Publick Places, within the Hamlets of ldhreiend and Bordcjitv, in the County of Warwick; and for removing and preventing N nuances, Chft ructions, and incroiichmcms, and regulating the driving of Carts and other Carriages used for carrying Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes therein.

18. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, chunfvig, watering, and watxfAng the Streets, and other pul lick Places, within such Part nf the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the IVf Side of Tottenham

Court Road; and for preventing Nuijances and Olf ructions therein \ and for obliging the Trustees for the Care of the said Road, to pave, repair, and cleanse such Part of the said Road as is therein dferibed.

19. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for ascertaining and cAlerting the Poo As Rates, and for better regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, in the Pariftx of Cottingham, in the

4

wau«jj

East Riding of the County of York; and for amending air Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his prefenF Majesty, for dividing, inclosing, and draining certain Lands, Grounds, and Common Pashires, in the said Parish

21. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Certificates ifiiied with respect to the killing of Game.

22. An Act for building a new Common Gaol and Session House, with Accommodations thereto, for the County of Surrey, and for diipoling of the present County Gaol, and the Ground thereto belonging.

23. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made, one in the twenty-second, and the other in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Georgi the Second, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Alary Port, in the County of Cumberland.

24. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poof belonging to the Town of Oswestry, and to certain Parishes within the Hundred of Oswestry, in the County of Salop, and to such Part of the Parish of Llanxwyuech as lies within the skid Hundred; and to the Parish of Chirk, in the County of Denbigh; and to the Parish of LlanJiTin, in the Counties of Salop and* Denbigh.

25. An Act for repealing the Duties now charged on Sills f

of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and other Notes, P^£-1-rlrv:

Drafts, and Orders, and on Receipts; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

26. An Act to 2U0W the Importation of Seal Skins cured* with Foreign Salt free of Duty, for a limited Time.

27. An Act for repealing certain Duties of Excise upon tanned Goat Skins and Sheep Skins, and for granting, other Duties in lieu thereof; and also certain Duties of Customs on tanned Goat Skins imported.

28. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Compensation to the Officers of the late Wine Licence Office, for the Loss of their Offices.

29. An Act for establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in* the Island of Newfoundland, for a limited Time.

30. An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation-of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on f oreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

31. An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making more effectual Provjion for the Government of the Province of Quebec, in North America j and to make further Provihon for the Government of the said Province.

32. An Act to relieve, upon Conditions, and under Restrictions, the Persons therein defended, from certain Penalties and Disabilitics to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion* are by Law iubject.

33. An Act for the Payment of the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds by tire Governor and Company of the Bank of England into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer.

34. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on iiis Royal Highnefe the Duke of Clarence, during Pleasure.

35. An Act to render Persons convicted of Petty Larceny competent Witnesses.

36. An Act to prevent Keels, Pan Keels, and Pan Boats* and other Boats, and Wains and Carts, being used in the Removal or Carriage of Coals, after having undergone any Alterations or Repairs, without being first inspected, re-adraeafured, marked, and nailed.

37. An Act to prohibit the Importation into Great Britain of Silk Crapes and Tiffanies of the Manufacture of Italy,unless brought directly from thence.

38. An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Ssbjects of his Majesty's Colonies and

The TITLES of

Plantations in North America, and in the West India JJlaruls and the Countries belonging to the United States of America; and between his Majesty's /aid Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies; and also an Act, made in the twenty Seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the If and of Grenada, in the Port of Rofea in the If and of Dominica, and in the Port of Nailau in the If and of New Providence, one of the Bahama Ifands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions*

39. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom.

40. An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Resolution or Order of the Governor General in Council of Fort William in Bengal, and all Acts done by virtue thereof; and for granting further Powers to the said Governor General, during his residence on the Coasts of Coromandel and Malabar.

41. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

42. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution a certain Order of Council respecting the Importation of a limited Quantity of Saltpetre; for repealing the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Saltpetre; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

43. An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking oft' the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the importing Salt from Europe, into the Province of Quebec in America.; to the allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; to continue and amend several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Uten-fils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to make perpetual an Act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to permit the free Importation of Raw Goat Skins into this Kingdom.

44. An Act to continue the several Laws therein mentioned, To far as relates to the ascertaining the Srength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

45. An Act for the Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

46. An Act for the better regulating of Gaols, and other Places of Confinement.

47. An Act to present other Ships than those laden with Tobacco from mooring and discharging their Lading at the Places appointed by an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuff and for granting new Duties m lieu thcri cj; to prohibit the Exportation of damaged or mean Tobacco; and for permitting the Importation of Tobacco and Snuft' into the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne*

the STATUTES.

48. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one.

49. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Publick Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of his Majesty's Forces, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

50. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one,

51. An Act for better protefting the several Oyster Fisheries within this Kingdom.

52. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers.

53. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

54. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and continue, for a limited Time, several Atls of Parliament for regulating the Shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coafi of Africa.

55. An Act for establishing a Company for carrying on Trade between the Kingdom of Great Britain and the Coasts, Plarbours, and Countries of Africa; and for enabling the said Company to hold, by Grant from his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and from the Native Princes of Africa, a certain District of Land, commonly called The Peninjula cf Sierra Leone, now vested in his Majesty, or belonging to the said Princes, for the better enabling the said Company to carry on the said Trade.

56. An Act more effectually to prevent Abuses and Frauds committed by Persons employed in the Manufactures of combing Wool and Worsted Y arn, in the County of Nor-folky and City of Norwich and County of the said City.

57. An Act for building and maintaining*a Bridewell and Correction-house in and for the City and County of Edinburgh*

58. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Company of Cutlers within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, and within fix Miles of the said Liberty, and of their Journeymen and Apprentices.

59. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or from near to, the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the River Severny near to the City of Worcester.

60. An Act for building a Bridge, near the Ferry over the River Ouzey from Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough, in the East Riding of the said County.

61. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, widening, regulating, and improving, a certain Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the Parish of Christ Churchy in the County of Surrey, and certain other Streets, Lancs, Passages, and Places within the said Parish; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and for (hutting up Part of an Alley or Passage leading from Bull Alley to Mary gold Court.

62. An Act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streers, Lancs, and other publick PafTuges and Places within the King’s Town of Maidfoncy in the County of Kent, for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; for better supplying the said down with Water, and for repairing the Highways within the Parish of Many lone*

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

63. Ail Ail for repealing an Ail, made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for paving of the City of Chichester, and for the better paving, repairing, and cleaning, the Streets, Lanes, and Publick Ways and Passages within the Walls of the said City, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obltruilions, and Annoyances therein.

64. An Act for repairing, paving, and cleansing the Highways, Streets, and Lanes, within the Town and Borough of Deal, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

65. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Loughborough Canal and the Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Railways or Stone Roads, and Water' Levels, from several Places and Mines to the said Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the fame, by parting along the said Canal to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester.

66. An Act to enable the Earl of Egrcmont to make and maintain the River Rother navigable from the*Town of Midhurst to a certain Meadow called The Railed Pieces, or Stopham Meadow, in the Parish of Stopham, and a Navigable Cut from the said River to the River Arun, at or near Stobhani Bridge, in the County of Sussex- and for other Purposes.

67. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to borrow a further Sum of Money tocompleat the said Navigation.

68. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Prcjlo-lee Bridge, in the Township of Little Lever, and from thence, by one Branch, to or near the Town of Belton, and by another Branch to or near the Town of Bury, and to Weddell Brook, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

69. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kington, in the County of Hereford, by or through Leominster, to join the River Severn near Stourport Bridge, in the County of Worcester.

70. An Act for lighting, cleansing, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other Publick Passages and Places within the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of OldSwinford, in the County of Worcester, and for removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

71. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard for the Ule o! the said Parish.

72. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundreds of Loes and WHford, in the County of Suffolk.

73. An Act for repairing the Parish Church of Saffron Walden, in the County of Essex.

74. An Act for building a new Church in the Town of Wakefield* in the West Riding of the County of York, and for providing a proper Burial Ground, and making Provision for a Minister to officiate in the said Church.

75. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Ail passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Chad, in the Toion of Shrewsbury, and County of Salop \ and for providing a neiu Cemetery or Burial Ground, and making convenient Avenues and Passages to the said Church and Cemetery, and for raising a further

Sum of Money for fully effeiting the general Purposes in the said Ail mentioned.

76. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Ouse, between Newhaven Bridge and Lewes Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and for the better draining of the Low Lands lying in Lewes and Laughton Levels, in the said County.

77. An Act for making navigable the Rivers Wreak and Eye, from the Junilion of the said River Wreai with the intended Navigation from Loughborough to Leicjler, at or near a certain Place called Turnwater Afeadow, in the Lord ship of Coffnzton, to Mill Close Homcflead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, all in the County of Leicester.

78. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes of Ellefniere, Afiddley Bafchurch, and Hordley, and to the Chapdry or Distriil of Hadnal (otherwise Hadnal Erse), in the County of Salop.

79. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and for better supplying the said Town with Water.

80. An Act for paving the Footways of certain Streets within the City of Lincoln \ for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Streets, and other Streets, Lanes, and publick Passages and Places, within the said City; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein.

81. An Act for embanking and draining certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds within the Parishes of Chatteris and Dodington, and Hamlet of JVimllington, in the said Parish of Dodington, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge; and for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Hamlet of Jl’imblington.

82. An Act to continue two Acts made in the fifteenth and thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kirkaldy and Liberties thereof.

83. An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan.

84. An Act for Lbuilding a Bridge cross the River Thames from Stancs to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey

85. An Act for making and maintaining a Canal, or Navigable Communication, from or near a certain Place called Abcrnant, in the County of Glamorgan, to and through a certain Place called The Brickfield, near Act tin-crytban Pill, into the River of Neath, near the Town of Neath, in the said County.

86. An Act for enlarging and extending the Powers of the present Prescriptive Market within the Town and Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and removing the Tame to a more convenient Place within the said Town and Borough, or within the Precinct of the Caltle of Lewes aforesaid.

87. An Act for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland, near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham.

88. An Act for confirming an Agreement entered into between the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, and certain Lords of Manors, and other Persons i-nti-tled to Right of Common upon the Waftcs and Commons, and the old common Salt Marihcs, lying on the

The TITLES of

South Side of the said River, below, or to the North-east of Greenfield Gatey in the County of Flinty and an Award made in consequence thereof.

89. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Newenty in the County of Gloucester.

90. An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, Finsbury Square, in the Parish of Saint Luke in the County of Middlesex, and Part of the Manor of Finsbury, and certain other Streets and Places communicating with, or near to, the said Square, and for preventing or removing Nuisances and Annoyances within the same.

91. An Act for draining and dividing a certain Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called King's Sedgmoory in the County of Somerset.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain large open Tract of Land within the Manor of Holy Island, in the County Palatine of Durhaniy and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon the ancient Infield Lands within the said Bland.

93. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadow Ground, Half Year’s Land, Common Fens, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Anwick, in the County of Lincolrty and for embanking and draining the said Common Fens, and certain inclosed Low Lands adjoining thereto, called The Praie Groundsy in or near the Township of North Kymey in the said County.

94. An Act for making a new Road from Saint George's GatCy in the City of Canterbury to a Place called Gut-teridge Bottom; and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barhaniy in the County of Kent.

95. An Act for amending an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow, in the County of Xanerk, to Muirkirk,/^ the County of Ayr, and from thence to the Confines of the said County of Ayr, towards Sanquhar, in the County of Dumfries; and other Roads communicating therewith; and for the more effectually repairing the said Roads, and the Road from the Village of Gorbahy and new Bridge of Glasgovj to the Chapel of CambuJIangy in the said County of Lanerky and ranches thereof*, and for making and repairing the Road from the said Chapel of Cambuslang till it joins the High Road leading from Hamilton by Burnbflnk towards Eaglejhairiy in the County of Rerfrew.

96. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, and the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road fresh Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the Top of Alconbury Hill, and front Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall, to Great Stoughton Common, in the County of Huntingdon; and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Roady at or near the Ferry House, in the Parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the Turnpike Road at the End of Cross Hall Lane, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Eaton Soken to the said Turnpike Road near Saint Neots Bridge.

97. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for repairing several Roads in the County of Cardigan; and for repairing other Roads in the said County,

98. An Act to enlarge the Term of an Act passed in the

the STATUTES.

tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from Wellsbourn Mountfort/^Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick.

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the seventeenth Year of his late Majesty, and the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bush Common, in the Partfh of Harlow, in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the Parish of Great Chef-terford, in the said County.

100. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening everal Roads y Leading from The Bell, in Stoke Ferry, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Meth-wold Warren Hou/Cy to a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the said County.

101. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bicester, in the County of Oxford, to Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

102. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Robeston Wathan to Saint Clearsy and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen.

103. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Market Place in Bicefiery in the County of Oxford, to the Buckingham Turnpike Road in Aynhoy in the County of Northampton.

104. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Vinehall, in the Parish of Mountfield, in the County of Sussex, to Cripps’s Corner, and from thence to Staple Cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill, in the Parish of Beckley, and from Staple Cross to Longley’s Water Corn Mill, at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps’s Corner to the Town of Rye, in the said County, as relates to the said Roads from Staple Cross to the Turnpike Road near the said Windmill, and from Staple Cross to Longley’s Water Corn Mill aforesaid; and for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the Rest of the said Reads.

105. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers-of three (e-veral Acts, passed in thefixthand twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Fy field, in the County of Berks, to Saint John’s Bridge, in the County of Gloucester; and from an Inn called The Hind’s Head, in the Parish of Kingdom Bagpuze, in the said County of Berks, to that Part of Newbridge which Jlands in the said County of Berks.

106. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Haverforduejl through the Town of Fifoguardy to the Town of Nnvporty in the County of Pembroke, and also from the Town of Fish-guard to the City of Saint Davidsy in the said County' of Pembroke.

107. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts made for repairing the Roads from Livingjloncy by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of Strathaveriy and for repairing and widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Ayry at or near Lochgate, to the Town of Strathaveny and for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Airdrie towards the City of GlasgoWy through the Village of Shettle-

Jlony till it falls into the Great Road from Murrichall-to

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

the said City; and for repairing the Road from the said Great Road, by Dry*ate and Whhchill, to Carntyne; and for repairing and widening several other Roads; and for building a Bridge over the River Gyde,2X or near Theeves-foord \ and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glcfruu.

108. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and repairing, the Road through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

109. An Act for opening a new Road from Milford, in the County of Pembroke, to Stawton, and for amending and widening the Road from the said new Road, through Stain-ten aixl fohfzn, to Merlin's Bridge, in the same County.

110. An Act for enlarging the Term, and for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the Powers of two several Acts, passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for making a new Road from New Street, in the Parish of Saii.t ,'John Southwark, to and through the several Places therein

mentioned, and for keeping the same, and several other Roads adjoining, in Repair.

111. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, fer repairing the Road leading from Chaptl on the Heatlt, in the County tf Oxford, to Bourton on the Hill,/# the County of Gloucester.

112. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the several Roads from the South Gate in the Borough of King’s Lynn, into the Panjhes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham, in the County of Norfolk.

113. An Act for continuing an Act, of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the East Gate in the Borcirb of King’s Lynn, into the Parishes of Gey ton and Grim ft one, and to the Gate next Hillington on Congham Common, and to the North End of Babingley Lane, in the County of Norfolk.

114. An Act for enlarging the Term, and varying the rowers, of an Act, of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading into the "Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Streets or Highways within the said Town, and also certain fnlall Pieces of Road communicating with the Roads comprised in the said Act.

115. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the 'Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Lewes to Brighthelmston, in the County a/Suflex.

116. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Alcefzr and Evefhdm 7'urfmike Road at the End of IVixford Lam, in the County of Warwick, to Chipping Campden, and from thence to Upton Old Lane, in the County of Gloucester.

117. An Act to continue and amend an Act, of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike, at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dunsford, in the County of Devon, to Cherrybrook, in the Forest of Dartmore, in the said County.

118. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads Lading from Bright-helmfton to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, in the County of Sussex.

119. An Act to enlarge the Term of art Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty repairing and widening the Road from W mtchurch, in the County of Southampton, to the Turnpike Road at Aldermaiion Great Bridge, in the County rf Berks.

120. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powersof threefeveral Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fifth and twentieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing frt'cral Roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the Town of S hep ton Mallet, in the County of Somerset, and for repairing the Road from a Place called Long Grefs Bottom to the Bruton Turnpike Road, near Batcomh Church, in the said County; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, and other publick P adages, within the said Town.

121. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair* the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of Christian Medford Bridge, and from Caine to Lynehcim Green, and from the Direction Poll in Long Leaze Lane, near Lydiard Alarsh, to Crick lade, in the County of Wilts

122. An Act for er Jarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the sixteenth Year of King George the Second, and the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bowes* in the County of Y01 k, to Brough under Stainmore, in the County of Weltmorland; and for repairing and widening the Road from Maiden Caftie to Kaber Cross, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties.

123. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an A&9 passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for n pairing and widening the Road from Darly Moor, in the County of Derby, to Ellaiton, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the Turnpike Road between Leek and Ashborne, in the said Counties of Derby and Stafford.

124. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act* made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, fer ripairing the Highways from that Part of Counter’s Bridge which lies in the PariJ}) of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow,h? the Powder Mills, in the Road to Stanes; and to Cranford Bridge, in the said County, in the Road to Colnbrook; Twd for repairing, turning, or altering, the Highway Lading from the said Road, at or near the End of Sion Lane, to the Town of Isleworth, in the said County, and from thence to a Gate on the South Side of T ed— dington Field; and also the Highway Lading out of the said great Road, near Smallbury Green Turnpike, to a House known by the Sign e/'The George, in the Town ^/'Isleworth a fore said; and for lighting and watering Part of the said Highways

125. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act*

passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Brdken Cross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester* over the Long Moss and Monks Heath, to the Turnpike Road in Nether Table,, in the said County, and for turning and exchanging Part of the said Road.

126. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Town of Havcfordwejl to the City of Saint David's, and from the said City to Ca-erfai, in the Parish of Saint David's, in the County of Pembroke'*

127. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Roads from Buttcrtoa

4 Moor

The' TITLES of the STATUTES.

JWoor End, mar Oncott, in the County of Stafford, to tht Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road leading from Buxton to Afbborne, in the County of Derby, and from Black-ton Moor, in the County ^Stafford, to the Turnpike Road deeding from Buxton to A fhborne, near Newhaven, in the County of Derby, and from Warilow to Edtan Mine, in the County of Stafford.

128. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Burford to Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from Burford aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading to otow, in the County of Gloucester, at the Bottom of Stow Hill, and from Swerford Gate, in the /aid County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road in Aynho, in the County of Northampton.

129. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, raffed in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present majesty, intituled, An Act for reducing into one Act cf Parliament the several Laws now in force for repairing the Road leading from the Town or Tillage of Tittenfor, to the rnoji Northern Part cf Talk on the Hill, in Butt Lane, in the County of Stafford; and for repairing the Road from Darlastone Bridge, over Tittenfor Heath, through the Town or Tillage of Tittenfor afor fa id; and for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road branching out of the said Turnpike Road, near the House known by the Sign of The Black Lion, to, or nearly to, Shelton Wharf all in the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford.

130. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, and other Roads adjoining thereto.

131. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, |>aised in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Ma-jefity, for rrhairing and widening the Road from Dunham Ferry to the South End of Great Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham.

132. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from W orkfop to the Turnpike Road at Kelham, and from Dtbdale Hill to the Great Nortloern Road at South 'Mufkham, in the County of Nottingham.

133. An Act for amending and widening several Pieces of Road, and opening and making several Pieces of new Road therein described, (o as to make a convenient Carriage Road from Buckingham^ through Brackley, to join the Dav entry Turnpike Read near Banbury.

134. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts made tn the first and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the third Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Read from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Baungitone, near the Town of bagfhot, in the Parish of Wmdicfham, in the County of Surrey; and for maintaining and repairing Eg ham Gtujeway, in the said County of Surrey.

125. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Great Marlow^ in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the County of Oxford.

136. An Act for enlarging the Terms of two several Acts, passed in the tenth and twenty-fifth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road from Aylesbury, in the dounty of Buckingham, through Thame and Little Milton, to the Turnpike Road between Benfington and Shillingford, in the County of Oxford, and for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at Thame to the Oxford Turnpike Road between Poftcomb and Tetsworth, in the

said County j and for making more effectual Provision for repairing the said Roads.

137. An Act for continuing and amending certain Acts of the second and twenty-second Years of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from f limwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through Highgate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes cf Sandhurst, New-enden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper’s Corner, in the said County $/'Suifex; and for repairing and widening a Piece of Road communicating with one of the Rofth comprized in the said Acts, called Whitebread Lane*

PRIVATE ACTS*

Anno 31 Georgii III.

I. AN Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, or Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordships or Liberties of Beal otherwise Beaghall and Kelli ugly, in the Parish of Kellmgton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

2. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commorr Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parnh of Doveridge alias Dovebridge, in the County of Derby.

3. An Act for naturalizing Christian Noordingh.

4. An Act for vesting the Estates deviled by the Will of the Honourable Elizabeth Byng, deceased, in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold, and for inverting the Money arising Iry the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses to which the Estates so to be sold are subject.

5. An Act ta enable Trustees to cut down and fell Timber upon the Estates deviled by the Will of Thomas Brand Esquire, and to invert the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Parflow Esquire, with Elizabeth Hall, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields* Meadows, Ings, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Lordship or Liberty of Killingtm, in the West Riding of the County of K'ork.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Ings, Stinted Pasture, Common and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Tadcaster, in the County of 1ork, and County of the City of York.

9. An Act for naturalizing Luke Foreman Esquire.

10. An Act for naturalizing, Nicholas Albert Martinius and James La Fontaine.

11. An Act for naturalizing Peter Godeffrcy, Johanna Cathe* rine Godeffroy, his Wife, and John Thornton*

12. An Act for naturalizing Jacob Krobn*.

13. An Act for establishing and confirming arr Agreement made between Wiliam Parkes and Thomas Ready and Mary his Wife, and the Right Honourable George Earl Brooke of Warwick Castle and Earl of Warwick, for the Exchange of certain Lands in the County of Warwick9 and in the Borough of Wanvick, in the said County.

14. An Act for enabling foe Dean and Chapter of Canterbury and Thomas Clutton to grant Building Leases* pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

15. An Act for vesting the Bath Estate, situate in the Island of Barbadoes, and late belonging to Edward Day Esquire, deceased, together with the Stock and Efforts upon

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

or belonging to the same, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and for other Purposes therein expressed.

16. An Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith Esquire, deceased, to accept a Conveyance of divers Hereditaments in the Parish of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, and an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of twenty-five Founds, reserved out of, or for the Manor of Mount Bures, in the County of Essex, and a yearly Rent of thirty Pounds, Part of an Annual or Fee Farm Rent of forty Pounds, reserved out of, or for the Manor of Heddington, with the Hundred of Bullingdon\ in the County of Oxford, in Exchange for the several Manors of Knovule, Sevenoaks, Kempfing, and Seal, in the County of Kent, and divers Hereditaments in the several Parishes of Sevenoaks, Kempfing, and Seal, in the said County of Kent, and to convey the last-mentioned Hereditaments accordingly.

17. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Wolford the younger, with Sophia Elizabeth Jeanes, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common P'icld, and Commonable Land and Ground, within the Manor and Parish of Great Kineton otherwise King-ton, in the County of Warwick, called Great Kineton Field.

19. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Egginton, in the County of Derby.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Arable Fields, a Common Stinted Pasture, called The Town Ciofe, and a certain Common or Waste, called The Hollings, within the Manor and 1'own ship of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

21. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Little Wooljhn, in the County of Bucks.

22. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Woods, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Barston otherwise Barkejlonc and Plungar, in the County of Leicester.

23. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Hofc, in the County of Leicester.

24. An Act for naturalizing Charles Theophilus Cazenove and John Francis Batard.

25. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Koithan.

26. An Act for naturalizing Henry Hey man the younger.

27. An Act for naturalizing jean Bapti/le Armcind Choiseul, called Marquis de Choiseul.

28. An Act for establishing and confirming a certain Exchange agreed upon between his Grace the Archbishop of York, and William Markham Esquire, of certain Lands and Hereditaments of the said Archbishop, called Beckcy Grange, in the Parish of /Ibberford, in the County of York, for certain Lands and Hereditaments of the said William Markham, situate at Langthorne and Crake hall, in the Parishes of Bedale and Hornby, or one of them, in the said County.

29. An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of or belonging

to Thomas Staunton Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Buckingham, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in such Manner as therein is mentioned.

30. An Act to impower Nathaniel Webb Esquire, and others, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Estates in the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Chadwick, otherwise Chadwick, in the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of AFanhood, in the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Birdbam, in the same County, commonly called or known by the Name of Bird ham Common.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing that Part of The Manhood Common, in the Hundred of Manhood, in the County of Sussex, which lies in the Parish of Weftwit-tering, in the same County, commonly called or known by the Name of Weflwittering Common; and also a certain other Open Waste or Common, called Cackham Green, in the same Parish.

34. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Eastwood, in the County of Nottingham.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tarvin, in the County of Chester.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Township of Christleton, in the County of Chester.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor or Township of Norton in the Clay, in the North Riding of the County of York.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Field, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Manor of GHandsworth, in the County of Stafford.

39. An Act to enable Dame fane Trafford. Widow and Relidl of Sir Clement Tract'onl. Knight, deceased, to take and use the Surname of Southwell, pursuant to the Will of Edward South-well Esquire, deceased.

40. An Act for enabling Trustees to grant Leases of Part of the Estates of Sujauui Ann Treftry Dormer and Jane Treffry Dormer, Infants, and to invert the Monies arising from the Leases to be granted on Fines, in the Purchase of real Estates, to be lettkd to the subsisting Uses of the Estates so to be leased.

41. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between Tloomas Huftler Esquire, and Richard William Peirj'e Esquire, of the Manor and Man-fion House of Adlam, in the North Riding of the County of York, and of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Ackla\n and Aiiddlefbrough, and in the Townships of Linthorpe and Airfome, in the said North Riding of the said County of York; and for settling and limiting the Intirety of the said Manor and Manlion House, and of the specifick Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, which, upon such Partition and Division, weie allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned, and for other Purposes.

42. An Act for vesting the settled Estates*of William D/V-covfon Esquire, and Ale ii or a his Wife, and Edward Dicccrj'on Esquire, in the County of Lincoln, and at Wgar, Penworibam, Coppul, Ckarnock, Richard, Croft on, Worth-

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Ingldft, Burscough, and Dalton, in Furness, in the County of Lancaster, inTrustees, upon Trust, to raise Money by Sale or Mortgage thereof* and to apply the Money so to be raised, in the Purchase of an Estate at Parbold, in the said County of Lancaster, to be settled to the Uses of the set-' tied Estates.

43. An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Samuel Clowes the younger, Esquire, in the County of Lancaster, in himself, in Fee Simple, and for settling an Estate of greater Value, in the same County, in lieu thereof, and in.Exchange for the fame; and for enabling; the said Samuel Clowes to grant Building Leases of the Estate hereby settled.

44. An Act for amending and rendering effectual the Power of Sale contained in the Marriage Settlement of Sir Jacob Wolff Baronet, ^nd Dame Anne, his Wife, so far as such Power relates to, or extends over, the Manor of Chumleigh, and divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Devon and Southampton, which have been settled to the Uses therein limited.

45. An Act to impower'Charles Picrrepont Esquire, and his Issue Male, and also the several Tenants for Life under the Will of the Duke of Khigflon, and their respective Issue Male, to grant Building Leases.

46. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates late of Sir Charles Sheffield Baronet, deceased, and devised by his Will in strict Settlement, inTrustees to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other, Estates more contiguous to the Bulk of the Fa-, mily Estate of the said Sir Charles Sheffield, in the County of Lincoln, to be settled to the same Uses.

47. An Act for effectuating and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Trustees of Wilde's Charity and Robert Sparrow Esquire, and Mary Bence Spinster, of certain Estates in the County of Suffolk.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Grounds,within the Lordships or Liberties of Heanor and Codnor, in the Parish of Heanor, in the County of Derby.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the County of Lincoln.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Heath, and Waste Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Lordship of Curdworth and Minworth, in the Parish of Curdworth, in the County of Warwick.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open or Common Fields, Meadow, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Chaddefden, in the Parish of Spon-don, and County of Derby.

52. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Heaths, and Commonable Lands, within the Township of Chippenham, in the County of Cambridge.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Moors or Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Nylands with Badcombe, in the County of Somerset.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Stockton, in the County of Warwick.

55. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons and Waste Grounds, Common Fields, and Mesne Inclosures, within the Manor of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York,

31 Geo. III

56. An Act for dividing and inclosing several Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Leven, in the Parish of Leven, in the East Riding of the County of York.

57. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Moors, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Nettleton, in the County of Lincoln.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Lot Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish, Townships, or Hamlets of West Langton, Eq/l Langton, "Thorpe Langton, and Tur Langton, in the County of Leicester.

59. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Od-dington, in the County of Oxford.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, commonly called Edingale Fields,within the Parish of Edingale, in the County of Stafford, and the Parish of Croxall, in the County of Derby.

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Ludfordj in the County of Lincoln.

62. An Act for allotting, dividing, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands, called Stoke Moor and Draycott Moor, within the Manor and Parish of Rodney Stoke, in the County of Somerset.

63. An Act to enable Henry Hopkins Fane Esquire, and Katherine his Wife, and the Heirs Male of the Body of the said Katherine, to take the Surname of Cholmley only, and to bear the Arms of the Family of the Cholmleys of Whitby and Wentworth of HowJha?n, pursuant to the Will of Nathaniel Cholmley Esquire, deceased.

64. An Act to enable Edward AP.on Barrar Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname of Atlon only, pursuant to the Will of Edward Atlon Esquire, deceased.

65. An Act to enable Thomas Leigh Esquire, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Flare only.

66. An Act for naturalizing Francis Louis Bonapace Esquire.

67. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Ranee.

68. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Henry Cecil Esquire, with Emma Vernon his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Hope, in the County of Flint, and also a certain Tract of Common or Waste Ground in the Townships of Lower Kin-nerton and Dodlcston, within the Manor and Parish of Dodlefton, in the County of Chester.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Alconbury with Weston, in the County of Huntingdon.

71. An Act to enable Baldwin Duppa Hancorn, of Holling~ bourne, in the County of Kent Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa, late of Holingbourne aforesaid, Esquire, deceased.

72. An Act to enable Baldwin Hancorn Esquire, and his first and other Sons, and their Issue Male, to take, use, and bear, the Name and Arms of Duppa, pursuant to the Will of Baldwin Duppa Esquire, deceased.

c

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-second Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 32 GeergiHlI*

AN Act to extend the Provisions of certain Acts of /\ Parliament made to regulate the Trials of contro-^ verted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

An Act to repeal the Duties on certain Inhabited Houses ntaining less than seven Windows, or Lights, granted an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

3. An Act for repealing the Duties on Female Servants.

4. An Act for repealing the Duties on Waggons, Wains, Carts, and other Carriages, granted by an Act of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

6. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act made in the thirty-full Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties upon Malt.

7. An Act for repealing a certain Part of the Duty upon all Candles (except Wax and Spermaceti Candles.)

8. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenue of Excise by Common Brewers.

9. An Act for repealing certain Regulations with respect to Certificates on exporting "Lea to Ireland or America.

10. An Act for the better Execution of certain Warrants if-sued for the apprehending and committing Persons convicted of Offences against the Excise Laws.

11. An Act to compel Auctioneers to declare whether Sales 32 Geo. III.

have been held under the Notices now required to be given by Law.

12. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

13. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of York and Albany; and also to settle an Annuity on her Royal Highness during the Time of her natural Life, to commence from the Decease of his said Royal Highness, in case her said Royal Highness shall survive him.

14. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

15. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service-of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

16. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year ono thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

17. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

18. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand fever; hundred and ninety-two.

The TITLES of

19. An Act for puniflVing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarter*.

20. An Act for providing a Woilchouse for the Reception of the Poor of the Parish of Stmt, in the County of Stafford, and for regulating and employing the Poor therein. ’

21. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds in the Revenue of Excile with respect to the manufacturing of Soap.

22. An Act to continue and amend several Laws relating to

the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Sir eights; and to amend the Laws now in force for the Encouragement of the Fishe-jies carried on in the Seas to the Southward of the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights* 9;

23. An Act for rectifying Millakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Alajc/ly by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one; and for appointing other Commi f-sioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesh by a Land Tax,

x to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thou fund seven hundred and ninety-two; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the Paid Ad, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand J even hundred and ninety-one.

24. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the Sale of the House in Privy Garden, heretofore used as an Office for the Commissioners of the Lottery; and to enable his Majesty to grant the said Premises.

25. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland, further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

26. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England\ for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

27. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or otners, who have omitted to register cr deliver in their Quallocations within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers irv Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been loll or millaid, and for allowing them l ime to provide Admissions duly {lamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attormcs and Solicitors; for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further 'Time for that Purpose; and for, allowing further l ime to such Persons as have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

29. An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief

S

the STATUTES.

and Support of Skippers and Keelmen employed in tho Coal Trade on the River Wear, in the County of Durham, who by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or

by old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families; and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen.

30. An Act for taking down the Church, Chancel, and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint Alary AlagdAeny in Bridgnorth, in the County of Salo!), and for rebuilding the fame, and for enlarging the Burial Ground of the said Parish.

31. An Act for more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, the Bland of Guivey, in the County of Esex.

32. An Act to rev ive and continue so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the Conveyance of Sheep between Gozvcs in the Me of flight, and the Ports of Southampton and Portsmouth; and to extend the same to Horles and Lambs; and to amend the said Act.

33. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Ale t hod for the punctual, frequent, and certain Pay inert of their IGages \ and for enabling them more tafdy and readily to remit the Jame for the Support cf" their I Gives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments; and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers cf Marines^and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of his Majesty *s Ships.

34. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the Payment of Wages, Prize Money, and other Allowances, due for the Service of Petty Officers and Stamen on Beard any of his A If e fly's Ships; and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board arty cf his Majesty's Ships.

35. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money put of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; fgr further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth ^Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loll, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

36. An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the ciifcontinuing the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs Lard, and Grealc; to the free Importation of certain Raw Hides and Skins from Ireland and the British Plantations in America; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made ule of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Fails beyond the Seas; to the better regulating of Pilots* for the conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal* and the Ifu cf Thanrt; to the ascertaining the Strength of‘Spirits by Clark's Hydrometer; and to the allowing the lmjKjrtation of Seal Skins, cured with Foreign Sale* free of Duty.

The TITLES of the STATUTES:

37. An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the twenty-fevemh Year of the Reign of his present iVJajesty, j intituled, An Act for allowing the Importation and Erpor-

I i iiion of certain Gteds, Wares, and Afercbandiz*, in the

Pfrts of Kingllon, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bav, and Faina Lucea in thetlfland of Jamaica, in tbs Port nf Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port ^/'Roseau in (he If sard cf Dominica, and in the Port nf Naffim in thj Ijfond of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, un-dtr certain Regulations and Tie ft notions,

38. An Act for building a Hiidge over the River South Iifk, at or near the down cf Monirofe^ in the County of Forfar \ and for making suitable Approaches then to.

39. An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Pari 1 h of Saint Bololph without Aldersgate in the City of London, to raise Money for paying and discharging the Debts that have been contracted in repairing their Parish Church, and building a new Workhouse.

40. An Act for amending the Laws of Excise relating to the Manufactory of Flint Glass.

41. An Act to exempt Whale Oil, and other Articles there-

j in mentioned, ar.d sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales.

I 42. An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay

' out a further Sum of the Suitors Money upon proper Securities, and for applying the Interest towards discharging

the Expences of the Office of the Accountant General, and for building Offices for the Mailers in Ordinary in

Chancery, and a Pub!ick Office for the Suitors of the said Court, and Offices for the Secretaries of Bankrupts and

1 Lunaticks, and for building Repoiitories for securing the

, Title Deeds of the Suitors of the said Court, and the Records and Proceedings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts # and Lunaticks.

43. An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar; and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships,

44. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to impower the Ala gift rates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the Wages of Persons employed in the Silk Manufacture within their respective furifdiClions, to Manufactories of Silk mixed with other Materials; and for the more effectual Punishment of Buyers and Receivers of S lk purloined and embezzled by Persons employed in the Manufacture thereof.

45. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the

seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make

more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds,

1 and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houfts of Cor-

rection.

46. An Act for cftaWiGnng Courts of Judicature in the Iilandof Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent.

47. An Act to explain and amend so much of 211 Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to Hackney Coaches and Chairs.

48. An Act to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Midd!sex, to continue a Session of the Peace, and of Oyer and Terminer, begun to beholden before the Eflbign Day of Term* and Sitting of the King's Bench at IVcfiniirfsr, not with Handing the happening of such Eflbign Day, or the Sitting of the said Court of King’s

I1 Bench at Westminster, or eilewhere, in the said County of Middlesex.

49. An Act for allowing the Importation rA Kfter citron or Black Oak Bark, when the Price of Oak Bark shall be under the Price mentioned in 2n Act of the twelfth Year I of his present Majesty, and for lowering the Duty payable on Red Mangrove Baik imported into this Kingdom.

50. An Act for the Relief of the Goaft Trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain -Coatt Documents from Sjamp Duties; for abolishing the Bond usually called d he 1/7: of Alan Bnd\ and for permitting Corn and Grain brought Coafcwife to be transhipped into Li^liters^ for the Purpose of being carried through the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde. A

51. An Act to exempt certain Letters passing between Merchants or other Persons carrying on Trade or Commerce in this Kingdom, containing Agreements with ref pert to Merchandize, Notes, or Bills of Exchange, from the Stamp Duty now imposed on written Agreements.

52. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the Snipping 2nd carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coalt of Africa.

53. An Act for the more effectual Ad mm ill ration of the Office of a suit.ee of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties

of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies*

54. An Act for more effectually (ecuring the Duties upon foreign printed, painted, or flamed Paper, imported into Great Britain.

55. An Act to render more effectual an Art, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his present fviajeity's Reign, intituled, An Act for vrfling certain Sums in Commissioners, at the End of every Quarter cf a Tear, to be by Them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and to direct the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt, in case of future Loans.

56. An Act for preventing the counterfeiting of Certificates of the Characters of Servants.

57. An Act for the further Regulation of Parish Apprentices.

58. An Act for the Amendment of the Law in Proceedings upon Information in Nature of Qgto Warranto.

59. An Act to amend so much of two Acts made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his’ late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the licensing of Alehouse Keepers and Victuallers; and for better regulating Alehouses, and the Manner of granting such Licences in future; and also of granting Licences to' Persons felling Wines to be drank in their Houses.

60. An Act to remove Doubts respedYing the Fundtions cf Juries in Cases of Libel.

61. An Act to indemnify Persons, being Proprietors, Print-' ers, and Editors of Newspapers and other Publications, from certain Penalties incurred under several Acts therein, mentioned, relative to Lotteries.

62. An Act for remov ing the St.nd of Hackney Conches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the Pa-! rish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Westmivfier.;

63. An Act for granting Relief to Pallors, Mi aiders, and Lay Persons of the Episcopal Communion in Scotland.

64. An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Pa* rish Church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the City of London; and for providing a Workhouse for the same Parish.

65. An Act to extend and render more efiediual an Art, nailed in the twepty-sixth Year of the Rxigmof his lata Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act fofi -enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas.

66. An Act for providing an additional Burying Ground for the Lie of the Parish vf Saint Par.crasj in the County <of,

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Middle*sex* and for {hutting up the present Foot Path leading through the Church \ ard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof.

67. An Act for extending certain Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non-commissioned Officers of Marines, and Marines, serving, or who may have served, on Board any of his Majesty's Ships, and refxding in Ireland,

68. An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew, and for levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Labour in certain cases; and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the said County.

69. An Act for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the Fovviis of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

70. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and belonging to the Parish of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting a certain Common or Walle Ground, called Bolton Aloor, and other the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Great Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleaning, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the Towns of Great Bolton and Little Belton \ and for supplying the said Towns with Water, and for providing Fire Engines and Firemen, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Incroachments, and Annoyances; and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs within the said Towns.

72. An Act for vesting in James Turner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Yellow Colour of his Invention, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweedy for a limited Time*

73. An Act for more effectually securing to Joseph Booth, and to the Publick, the Benefit of a certain invention or Discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain.

74. An Act for the Maintenance and Improvement of the Harbour of Rornfgate, in the County of Kent; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the Haven of Sandwich > in the same County.

75. An Act for further enlarging and improving the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland.

76. An Act for building a new Church or Chapel within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

77. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Plundreds of Cirencester, Crowthorne, and Minty, Brightwells Barrow, Rapfgate, Bradley, Bi/Jcy, and Longtree, commonly called The Seven Hundreds of Ciren-cesler, in the County of Gloucester.

78. An Act for paving, cle^nling, lighting, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of Derby; and for felling a certain Piece of Walle Ground, situate within the said Borough, called Nun's Green, towards defraying the Expence of the said Improvements.

79. An Act for amending an Act of the sixteenth Year of his present Majesty, relating to the Haven and Harbour of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for regulating the mooring and removing of Ships and other Vessels within

the said Haven and Harbour, and for removing- Obstructions therein.

80. An Act for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln*

81. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal* from or from near IvyrLj Bank in the County of Staffordr to communicate with the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, at or near the Town of Wolverhampton*. in the said County; and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described, from the said intended Canal.

Sa. An Act for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House* and House of Correction, within the City of Bristol, and for regulating, maintaining, and supporting the fame; and for disposing of the present Common Gaol of the said City of Bristol and County of the fame City, and for other Purposes.

83. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Lorn the Foot of Coombe Hill, in the Parish of Leigh, in the County of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near a Place called Fisher's, otherwise Fletcher s Leap, in the Parish of Decrhurst, in the said County.

84. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from Manchester* to or near Ashton-underlync, and OUbarn in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

85. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of and within fuel) Part of the Parish of Whitchurch* as maintains its own Poor, and lies within the County of Salop.

86. An Act for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of BroaAjlairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; and for the better preserving the said Harbour; and for removing and preventing Obit rudions* Nuisances, and Annoyances, and regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels within the said Harbour.

87. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of Hereford to rebuild the West End of the Cathedral Church of Hereford, and to repair other Parts thereof.

88. An Act for rebuilding the Chapel, and enlarging the Chapel Yard of Lane End, within the Parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the County of Stafford.

89. An Act for building a new Church or Chspel in the I own ot Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York

90. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Weary from the Bank or Shore thereof, in the Parish of Bishop Wearmouth, in the County of Durham, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Monk Wearmouth, in the same County.

91. An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Low Lands, within the Parish of Great Carlton, in the County of Lincoln.

92. An Act for making a Harbour in the Cove of Beer, ia. the County of Devon.

93. An Act for improving the Communication between the County of Edinburgh and the County of Fife, by the Passages or Ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Ncuhaven, in the County of Edinburgh, and Khighorn and Brunttstand in the County of Fife; and for rendering the Harbours and Landing Places mote commodious.

94. An Act for regulating and improving the Salmon Fisheries in the River Nitb, in the County of Dumfries.

95. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the several Parishes of Atcham, Wroxctery Berrington, Cund, Eaton Constantine, Henley, Leighton, llffington, and Upton Magnay and the Chapelry of Crcffage, in the County of Salop.

96. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, belonging to the Parishes of Montgomery and Pool,

The TITLES of

and certain other Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in

the Counties of Montgomery and Salop.

97. An Act for building a Bridge, at or near the Ferry over the River Thames, from I wit churchy in the County of Oxford, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Pangbourn, in the County of Berks.

98. Ari Act for appointing Commissioners to sell and dispose of a certain unnnished Building at or near Taunton, in the County of Somerset, intendecl for a Publick Hospital or Infirmary, and of a Piece of Ground belonging thereto, in case a sufficient Sum of Money shall not be raised by Subscription, within a limited Time for finishing the said Building, and paying the Money due on Account thereof.

99. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Worcester, and of the Parishes of Saint Martin and Saint Clement, which are Part within the City of Worcester, and Part, within the County of Worcester, and for providing a Burial Ground for the Use of such Parishes.

*oo. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Cromford Canal, in the County of Arot-tingham, to or near to the Town of Nottingham, and to the River Treaty near Nottingham Trent Bridge; and also certain Collateral Cuts therein described from the said intended Canal.

101. An Act for making and maintaining aNavigable Canal from Kirkby Kendaly in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster\ and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal at or near Borwicky to or near Warton Cragg; and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near. Gale Mojsy by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

X02. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from, or from some Place near Pontneivynyddy into the River VJky at or near the Town of Newport; and a Collateral Cut or Canal from the same, at or near a Place called Cryndau Farmy to or near to Crumlin Bridge, all in the County of Monmouth; and for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, from liich Cuts or Canals, to several Iron Works and Mines, in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecknock.

103. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, widening, and regulating the Streets, Courts, Roads, Lanes, Ways, Rows, Alleys, and publick Passages and Places, within the Town of rortfeay in the County of Southampton; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions within the said Town.

104. An Act for building a New Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Car mar-thetiy and for supplying the said Town and County Borough, and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the Streets, Lanes, Ways, Roads, and Publick Passages, and for widening, and making the same more commodious; and removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and for other Purposes.

J05. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Meclway, from the own of MaidjlonCy through the several Parishes of MaidjlonCy Boxley, Allingtoriy and Aylesford, in the County of Kent.

506. An Act for making and maintaining, a Navigation from Sleaford Castle causeway, through the Town oi Sica-ford, in the County of Linccl/iy along the Course of Sleaford Mill Stream and Kyme Eauy to the River Withairiy at or near Chappel Hilly in the same County, and for making riccetlkry Cuts for better effecting the said Navigation.

the STATUTES.

107. An Act for enlarging and improving the C^nal called* Tattershall Canaly from the River TVitbam to the Town of Tatterflmlly and extending the fame into the River Bain, and for making the said River Bain navigable from thence to or into the ] own ot Horncn/llcy all in the County of Lincoln; and also-for amending and rendering complete the navigable Communication between the said River Witham and the Fosdike Canal, through the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln.

108. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Town or Hamlet of Marchy in the Manor and Parish of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge; and for altering and amending an Act passed in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Ken Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Town ships or Hamlets of March and lEimblington, and in the Parish of Upwelly in the isle of Eiy, and County of Cambridge.

109. An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving the Open fields, Meadows, Pa (lu res, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the several Townships or Hamlets of Hcfsley Aulaby, and Tranljy in the County of the I own of Kingston upon Hull; and for making a Compensation in Lieu of Tythe for certain ancient inclosed Lands within the said several Townships or Hamlets, and also within the Township or Hamlet of JVoofertony otherwise IV0[fretony in the same County.

no. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Commons, Moors, or Tracts of Waste Land, called Hexham/hirey and Allendale Commoriy and also certain Town Fields within the Regality or Manor of Hexha?ny in the County of Northumberlandy and for dinting the Depasturing of the other Parts of the said Commons, Moors, or Waste Land*

hi. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, for amending the Road from the End of the Town Close, in the County of the City of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits, riear Thetford, in the County, of Norfolk. c

112. An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the tenth Year of his present Majesty, for amending and zuidening the Road from Saint BenedidPs Gate, in the County of the City of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the County of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to the Bounds of Yaxham; and also a Lane called Hangman’s Lane, near the Gates of the said City.

113. An Act for altering, raising, widening, repairing, and: preserving the Road leading from the North End of the Turnpike Road called The Coal Roady near West Auckland,. in the County of Durhaniy to the E/jdon Turnpike Road at or near ElifhaWy in the County of Northumberland and for erecting, building, and making necessary and convenient Bridges. Mounts, and Batteries, upon the fame.

114. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the thirteenth Year of: his present Majesty, for\ repairing the Road from Chcrrill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherrill to the Three-Mile Burrough, at the Top of Cherrill. Hill,. in the County of Wilts; and for more effectually amending the Turnpike Road from Chittoe Heath, to the Town of Caine.

115. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act, made in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Roads from Hand CroB to Corner House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steymng, and

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

from Corner House of on said to the Maypole in the Town of Henfield, in the County of Sussex; and also for keeping in Repair a certain Branch of Road leading from the Direction i3oft near a certain Place called The Crab Tree, in the Parish of Bcding, otherwise Seal, through the Parishes of Nuthufl and Horftjatn, to tile Town of He Alium, in the said County, no. An Act for enlarging the Term of an AT ol the tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from Upton, in the Porish of Ratley, to the North End of Bridge Street, in the Town of (-Teat Kington, <nd from thence to the Guide Post, at the Town, of Wellesbourne Mailings, in ihe County of Warwick.

117. An Act. lor repairing and widening the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road from Dover, through Folkc-stone, to If:’:, at a certain Place called Canterbury Lane, within the Liberty of the 1 'own of Folkeft one, to a certain Place, in the Parish of Fdheftone, called Mudjhole; and for making a new Road from thence through a certain ]-'ie!d, called Tauter gates, through Rahidcn IVcod, over Su ing field Minnis, "through Denton \ and for repairing and widening the Road from thence to the Direction Pelt on Barham Downs, in the Pari ill of Barham, at The Four Vents.

118. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of two Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the eighteenth and tv/enty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the H’rJj Road leading from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for reducing the said Acts into one, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road.

119. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and ' keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of King/Ion

upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to a Place called xSbeetbridge,\\zM Peter field, in the County of Southampton. izo. An Act for making, amending, widening, and keeping

in Repair, the Roads trom the new Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the Town of Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the County of Lancrk; and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of Road from the said Line of Road; and for building a ]$ridge over the Water of Auo1 at Torphichen Mill > and for drlcharging the Trustees for executing two Acts passed in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of

his late Majesty King George the Second, and two Acts passed in the fourteenth and Uiirty-lirft Years of the Reign

: of his present Majesty, from the Care of such Part of the Road from Newhcnfc Inn to Glasgow as Jends from the Confines of the Parishes of Mcnkland and Shotts to the Tall Boundary of Baillieston aforesaid, and putting the fameunder the Power of the T ruflees appointed by this Act. izi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, t made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, lb far as relates to the Road leading from Renfrew to Greenock, by CorfehiU, and by the Side of the River Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, and the Bridget Inchinnan; and for more eiTedtually making, and repairing and altering the Course of the said Road frmn Renfrew to Greemck; and for making and repairing tjther Roads connecting therewith, and leading to’ and from Paijlcy, in the County of Renfrew, and the Branches thereof; anu for {hutting up Bye Roads that are useless to *»the Publick. -

122. An Act for making and repairing the Road frofn the Townt of Lanark, to the Town of Hamilton, in ti>c County of Lanark.

123. An Act (nr enlarging the Terms and Powers of fAerft Acts of the twenty-llxth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the eleventh and fifteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Rods in the County of Peebles \ and for making the said Acts more effectual, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the Taid County.

124. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Rowers, of so much of an Act, made in ti e twelfth Year of the Reign of his present AL jesty, as relates to the repairing and widening leverai Roads leading through the County of La nark.

125. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Ail made in the eleventh Year of h:s prdent Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Potters rf so much cf an A \ made i.i the twenty-fourth Tear of Toe Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Read from Cramond Bridge to tar Town Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow.

126. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-

pair, the several Roads, or Branches of Road, leading from the Parishes of To ford, Saxmiradham, and Bcnh*:, in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Aidebuvgh, 1:1 the said County.

127. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading trom The floodgate, at the Weft Lnd of the Town of Middleton in Teejaale, in the County of Durham, to the Gate in the new Inclcliire called The Edge, near the Collieries called IVrjl Pitts, in the

Parish of Saint Andrew's, Auckland, in the.same County; and also a Branch from the said Road, at or near the Head of the Town of Eg If I on, to Eg/fion Bridge, over the Ri-t ver Tees.

128. An Adt for repairing and improving the Road from the Town of Chapel en le Frith to, or near to Enterclough Bridge, in the County of Derby; and also the Road from the Village of Hayjieid to Mar pie Bridge, in the said County; and also the Road from the Village of Gif fop to a certain Gate called Clay lands Gate, in the Township of Longdendale, on or near to the Side of the 'Turnpike Road leading from Mottram to Woodhead, in the County Pala-' tine of Chef Ur.

129. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road leading from Swanfpcol Bridge, in the City of Peterborough, in the Town of Thorney, "in the Hie of Ehy in the County of Cambridge; and for altering the Course of lbme Part of the said Road.

130. An Act for continuing and amending two Acts of the

twenty- sixth Year of King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairings amending, and widening the Road leading from 1 he Red Post, in the Parish of Fivehead, through the Towns V Langport and bomerton, to Butwcli j other

Roads thereat mentioned^ in the County So merle:; arid

for repairing* amending, and widening certain other Roads within the said County.

131. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two

Adds of dhe thirty-first Year of King the Se-

cond, and tenth Year of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road tVom Lads to ihiikfutf in the County of York. 7

132. An Act to continue the Term of two Adds of the fe-venteenth Year of King George the Second, and the eleventh Year of his prdent Vlsjcdiy, for repairing the Road Lading from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Ga-

therly

Uj

The TITLES of

therfy Moor, to Greata Bridge, and from thence to Bowes, \n the North Riding of the County of York.

135. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Ma-jvfty, intituled An /let for repairing and widening toe Road

from the Low Water Mark of the River Humber, at or r.eor Brottgli Ferry, in the Parish of EHoughton, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the "North End of the Tarn f Brough, and from thence, throng!) South Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes, in the find Riding.

I34.. An Act for continuing and amending two Adh, of the seventeenth Year of King George the Second, and the ninth Y'ear of his present Majesty, so far as relates to re-iring the Road from the Town of Buckingham to the orth Extent of the Parish of HanwelL in the County of Oxford.

133. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the twenty-first and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his lat& Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from*the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard Cattle, in the County of Durham, and

from thencc9 through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundlefs Bridge, and from thence by M elder (ton Gill, ether wife Cowndon Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge,/?; the County of Durham; and for reducing the said Acts into one, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road.

136. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the PoweTS, of two Acts, passed in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between the Town of Kingston uport Hull and the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of Y ork; and for repairing the Road from Newland Bridge to the West End of the Town tf/'Cottingham, in the f id Riding.

137. An Act for making, amending, and keeping in Pvepair, a R.oad from the Bottom of Majon's Laney near the Town of Bradford, in the County of ITilts* to join the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Bath to King/down, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the County of Somerset.

138. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening ike Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the Town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill a for said to the Town of Lindfield, and from the Turnpike Road between Cuckheld and Crawley to the Town of Horlham; and also the Readfrom Swingate, in the Parish of Burvvath, to Shover Green, in the Parish of Ticehurlt, all in the County of Sussex.

139. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from. Stand Edge, within Saddleworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to or near Alumfs Brock, in the Tov/nship of Oldham, in the Parish o^ Prejlwich^ in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also a Road leading out of the said intended Road, through or near Dchcrfs, to or near a Place called Wall Hill in Saddle-worth aforesaid; and also another Road leading out of the Lid hril-mentioned Road, at or near a Place called Shaw Half to or near a Place called Hollins, all in Saddleworth aforesaid.

140. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second* and the thirteenth Y'ear of the Reign

the STATUTES.

of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading front the Market Houjc in Stourbridge, and other Roads therein mentioned\ in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, rspectively, so far as the j 1 id Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads from Btakedown Pool, in the Parish of TIagley and County of Worcester, to the Top of Smailbrooke Street; and from The Five Ways to Easy Row in Birmingham, in the said County of Warwick.

141. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act,' of the fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, and for amending several other Roads in or near the said Town; for repairing several Roads in and leading through the Town of Warminster; for paving and repairing the Footways, and regulating the Market^ within the said Town of W anninster.

142. An Act for enlarging the 'Berm and Powers of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Colli ngham, through Wetherby, to the City of Yor k.

143. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, v/idening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop* through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in the same County, and from Knockin to tbs East End of the Llanriader Road\ and from Place Carrick Lane to the Turnpike Road from Llanymynech to Oswestry, near Coid Ufa Mountain, and from Oswestry Turnpike Road on Knockin Heath, to the

East End of Knockin Lane.

144. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Penn Inn, in the County of DorJ'ct, to or near Shipley Ljfnc, in the Parish of Honi-ton, in the County of Devon, and from Noriheote Lane, in Honiton aforesaid, to or near CoUumptonjux the said County of Devon; and several other Roads in the Counties of Dofetj DiVony and Somerset; and for repealing so much of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties cf Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, as rel ates to the Road from Fair Mile Inn tr> Straightway Head, otherwise Stretwocd Head, in the Parish of Whimpte, in the said County of Devon.

145. An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading. from CornhiU Burn, by Pallinjburn and Flodaen Lane to Milfidd March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowick, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham.

146. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and repairing the Roads from Swell Wolf in the Parish of Lower Swelj in the County of Gloutrjler, to or near the sixth ' Mile Stone on the Turnpike Road leading from the Borough of Tnvkesbury to the Town of Stow*, in the fame

County; and from the North-east End‘ of The Swan Lane, in the Parish of Cheltenham, in the same County, to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham, in the Parish of Sedgtborough, in the County of IPorcrfer; and from the Town of Winchcomb, in the said County of Gioucejicr^ by a Place called Stamp Crrfs, to or near the Tentn Mile Stune on the said Turnpike Road, leading from Tewkesbury ta Stow aforesaid.

147. An Act to enlarge the Term, and alter and amend the Powers of two several Act>, passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the South End of the South Street* in the Parifl.i of South Mailing, near tbs Town of Lewes,

ter

The TITLES of

to Glynd Bridge, and from thence throne?) Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the Parish of Alfrifton, in the County of Suilex (except so far as the said Acts relate to that Part of the said Road ;vhich lies between a Place, commonly called Bopcep, in the Parish of Alcijhn, and Longbridge aforesaid); and for amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Sussex.

14S. An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, to and through the Town of The!ford, in the County of Norfolk, to the prefeiU Turnpike Road leading from Lynn, through the Parish of Cranwich, in the said County of Norfolk.

149. An Act for repealing an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, intituld, An Act for repairing and widen-irg the Roads from the Confines of the County of Berwick, at or near Banghouse iVails, to Compton’s Lanes and Eymouth, and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whitclaw Muir to Compton’s Lanes, in the County of Berwick; and for repairing, widening, and amending (cveral Roads, and for regulating the Statute Labour, in the said County of Berwick.

450. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, 1widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Market House, in the Town of Great r arringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford.

151. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Eaton Bridge Turnpike Road at Cockham Hill, in the P drift) of Welterham, in the County of Kent, through the Village of Limps field, to the Village of Titfey, over Botlcy Hill, Worms Heath, and Wallingham Common, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the County ^/Surrey.

152. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Term of two Arts, made in the twenty sixth and twenty seventh Tears of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorbals to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, so far as the said Act relates to the Road from the City of Glasgow to Taker Bridge; and for more effectually making, widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, and the Road of Communication between the said Road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Canal from The Forth to The Clyde.

153. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road leading from the Town of Burford, in the County of Oxford, to Leacklade, in the County of Gloucesrer, and for making a Road from thence to the River Jfis or Thames $ for building a Bridge across the said River, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road leading from Leacblade to Inglesham; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the said Tit-mentioned Road to and through the Town of High-worth, in the County of Wilts, to the present Turnpike Road leading from Cricklade to Swindon, in the same County.

the STATUTES.

154. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Livingston, by the Kirk of Shots, to the City of Glasgow, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near Theevesford, and for opening and making certain Streets in and near the City of Glof. gow \ for altering a Part of the Hign Road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgow, by carrying a new Line of Road to the North of the Hills, and another Line of Road by the South, and for straightening and making the Roads more convenient; as also for altering the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Hamilton, and for building a Bridge over the River Qyde below the present old Bridge, called Bothwell B rid re; as also for altering the Road from the Town of Hamilton, Eastward, until it joins the Great Road between Edinburgh and Glasgow.

155. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,/$r repairing the Road leading from T adcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End.

156. An Act for repairing, altering, and improving the Road from Golden Grove Park, in the Parish of Llandilo-

fawr, to the Turnpike Road leading from the New Bridge over the River Toivy to the Lime Kilns in the Parish of Llandarog; and also several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Carmarthen.

157. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane End, and to the Road between Leek and Sandon, on Meir Heath, and from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stableford, in the County of Stafford, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; and for repairing and improving the Road from a Place called Walton, in Stone aforesaid, to Ec-cleshall, in the said County of Stafford.

158. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and Enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Erjl End of the Bridge acrqfs the River Ouzc, in Downham Market, to The Queen’s Head, and from The Chequer Inn, in Down-ham AJarkct aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile Elfe, in the Parish Barton, and towards Watton, to a Place called'The Devil’s Ditch, in the County of Norfolk; and for flopping up the Road leading from Stcacliet, through Barton Layes, towards Wattoru

159. An Act for amending and more effectually repairing the Road from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunflable, in the County of Bedford, to The Xing’s Arms, in HockliffE in the said County.

460. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,/cr repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadleand Leek, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney, and from the Road between Cheadlc and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same Road to the Road between BTyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate* in the County of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the Road from Shelton to Blakely Lane Head$ and from Buck— nail to tVeston Coyney,

PRIVATE

T&e TITLES of

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anna 32 Georgii III.

1* A N A & fof naturalizing John BaptJl Davallon.

2. An Act for dividing and allotting several Open

and Common Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Avebury, in the County of Wilts.

3. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands, being Parts of Mendip, Lyatt, and Dinder Hilly within the Parishes of Crofcombe and Dindery in the County of Somerset.

4. An Act to enable Gilbert Trowe Beckett Esquire, and his IssueMaie, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of turnery pur hi ant to the Will of Martha Turner y Widow, deceased.

5. An Act for naturalizing Richard Walker.

6. An Act for naturalizing Alphonjo Doxat and Charles Frederick Brandt.

7. An Act for naturalizing y<?Zw ifc&ni Gourgas and James Soret.

S. An Act for naturalizing John William Hentig and Jacob Aside rfon.

9. An Act for naturalizing Herman Schroder.

An Act to enable Trustees to cut down and fell Timber upon the Estates devised and settled by the Will of Ralph Carr Esquire, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

XI. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Walton in the Wouldsyin the County of Leicester.

*2. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement between the Matter and Scholars of Balliol College, in the University of Oxford, and the Mayor and Commonalty 2nd Citizens of the City of London, for vetting in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, certain Ground and Buildings in the Parish of Saint Lawrence Jewry, London, and for securing to the said M after and Scholars, and their Successors, certain yearly Rems in lieu thereof.

3. An A dl to dissolve the Marriage of Wiliam Raybould with Joannab Pearjall, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again} and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Larking Esquire, with Elizabeth Mar con, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again } and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

ry. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Wihnot Esquire, with Fanny Sainthill, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

16. An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Commonable Places, in the Parish of Knooke, in the County of Wilts

17. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields and Grounds, within the Parish of North Grimjion, in the East Riding of the County of York.

i£. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Redmile, in the County of Leicester.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, lugs, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lanas, in the Parish of Wood Enderby, in the County of Lincoln.

32Gfco.HL.

tfte STATUTES.

20. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-' mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common IMh^es,. Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Broadwell, in the County of Gkvcfer.

21. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Downs, Commons, and Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Turkdean, in the County of Ghucesler.

2Z. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, in the Par ith of Aynho, in the County of Northampton.

23. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certairv Waste Lands, Moors, or Commons, within the Manor of Reedfdale, and Parish of Corjbifide, in the County of Northum her land.

24. An Act for vesting a Leasehold Estate, late of John-Blackburne Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in the Manner therein mentioned.

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh,. and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tydd Saint. Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

26. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Parhhe of Ogbourn Saint George, in the County of Wilts.

27. An Act for effectuating certain Exchanges between the Right Honourable the Earl Fitzwilliam and Francis Fer-rand Foljambe Esquire, and the Right Honourable the Lord; Hawke and the said Francis Fcrrand Foljambe, and to enable Trustees to make future Exchanges of a detached^ParC of the Estates of the said Francis Ferrand Foljambe.

28. An Act for discharging Part of the Leasehold Estates oF Edward Baron de Clifford, in Spring Garden, in Middlesex, from the Pin Money, Jointure, and younger Children’s Portions secured thereon, and for making such Portions the firtt Charge upon the Residue of the Funds subjedied* thereto, and for impowering the Trustees of the said Baron de Clifford to fell the Remainder of the said Leafeholds, and apply the Produce upon the Trusts of his Marriage Settlement, and, until Sale, to grant Building and Repairing Leases.

29. An Act for vesting the Lands and Estates of Melgund and Kynnyndmond, and* other Lands and Estates comprised in the Deed of Entail executed by the deceased Sir Alexander Murray Baronet, upon the thirteenth Day of

one thou fund seven hundred and ten, in Trtil-tees, in Trull to sell the same, and invest the Money arii-ing by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and iecured to the same Series of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the ' aforesaid Deed of Entail,

30. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Bristol to grant a Leaie of Part of the Lands of the said Dean and Chapter, in the Parish of Saint Mid act the Archangel, in the City of Bristol, for the Purpose of building thereon.

31. An Act for vesting in Trustees the legal Estate in Fee Simple of divers Manors and other Hereditaments, mortgaged or conveyed inTruft to John Trenail he Esquire,. deceased, after the Date of his Will.

32. An Act to enable the Vicar of the Parish and Parish. Church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of'Middle-

Jex, to grant Building Leales of certain Glebe Lands belonging to the said Vicarage.

33. An Act for confirming and carrying into Execution-certain Articles of Agreement, made and entered into be—

a. tweeru

' The TITLES ol

tvvccn the Reverend John Taylor, Curate of the Curacy of Gif ton, in the Parish of iTijlbury upon Trym, in the County of Ghuccffer, and Harry Eldcrton, of the C:ty of Brijhl, Gentleman, for granting a Building Lcalb of a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging to the said Curacy.

54. An Act to impower Philip Gold] worthy Esquire, Tc-nant for Life under the Will of Martha Gajhry decoded, to grant Building or Repairing Leases.

35. An Act to enable the Trustees in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of lltnry To age Liquire, 2nd Ann Eliza his Wife, to lull and dispose of a Capital Mefiluge or Mansion House, and other Hereditaments, in tnc County of Somerft, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Old South-Sea Annuities, upon the Trusts of the said Settlement.

36. An Act for vesting the settled Ldates of Thomas Griffith Esquire, and Henrietta Maria his Wife, in the Parish of Kiddington, alias Cuddington, in the County of Chfler, and in the Parishes of Lhmvtiling and Tenant, in the County of Montgomery, in Sir Richard Brooke Baronet, as Mortgagee in Pee Simple, and for veiling the Equity of Redemption thereof in the said 'Thomas Griffith, and his Heirs, and for settling an Eft ate of the said Thomas Griff, ffitb, in the Parish of Mold, in the County of Flinty in lieu thereof.

37. An Act to enable Edward Curtis, during his Life, and, after his Death, the Guardians of his Children, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Pieces of Ground at Clifton, in the County of Ghucejhi\

38. An Act for vesting certain settled Leasehold Lands and Tenements of Edward Daniel Gentleman, a nd Gath mine

- his Wife, in that Part of the Parish of C]ft:n which lies within the City of Bristol, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled upon the Trulls of the said settled Estates.

39. An Act to enable the Heir, or Heirs at Law, of the surviving Trustee of Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Chajffont Saint Piter's and Peer, in the County of Bucks, purchased with Part of the Per (omul Estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his hue Majesty King George the Second, to sell and convey the fame Lands and Hereditaments, for a Consideration to be paid into the Hands of the Trustees of the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased; and also to enable the said Trustees to invert the said Purchase Money, and other the said Personal Estate, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be lit-tied to the Uses, and with the Limitations, mentioned in the said AT of Parliament, and again to fell and uifpofe of the fame Lands and Hereditaments, and any other Lands that may be purchased under the fame Act, or by virtue of this Act, and to invelt the Purchase Monies arising therefrom either in the Peblick Funds, or upon Securities, or in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be conveyed to the lame Uses.

40. An Act for vesting those Parts of the Lands and Estate of RlyihjwccJ, and others, which lie in the County of La-r.crk, in Trustees, for the Purpose of felling or feuing the fame, and for inverting the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Estates, more commodious and contiguous to the other and greater Part of the said Ellate of RiythJvjood, which lies in the County of Kenfreiv, and for settling and securing the Lands and Estates, so to be purchased, to, and in favour of, the fame Scries of Heirs, in Fee Tail, and under the fame Re-

the STAJ. u 1 no.

ftriTions, Conditions, and Limitations, as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail, made in the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, by Colin Campbelly of BhthfficoJ, deceased.

41. An Act to subject and charge a competent Part of the settled Estates of James Tcmplcr Esquire, in the County of Devon, with a Sum of Money to be applied and disposed of for the Purposes therein mentioned.

42. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of Berks and Bucks (being the Estates deviled and settled by the Will of Catherine Edwin Spinrter, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to John Martindak Esquire, and his Heirs, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be more conveniently fituute as therein mentioned, to be settled to the same Lies ns the said lettled Efiatcs now stand settled by

the fa d Will.

45. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Prffhvich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lanccjlery for the Time being, to grant Leases of the

Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

4j. An Act for confirming, and rendering effectual, a Partition between Daniel Leo Esquire, and Letitia his Wife* and Mary Pul lira W idow, of several Estates in the Counties cf I\i:t, Denbigh, and Caernarvon, late the Estates of John Davies of Llanerth Esquire, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act for efteituating and estab! idling an Exchange agreed upon between Charles Duke of Norfolk, and Francis Ferrand Foljambe Esquire, of certain Lands and other Hereditaments, in the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Derby*

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and

other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Parish of I Tel ton in the Marsh, in the County of Lincoln.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ljffingimi, in the County of Lincoln.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Liberty of Stanleyt in the County of Derby.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable

Fields, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Sycflon, in the County of Netting* ham.

50. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Moors, Meadows, and Failures, and other Commonable Lands 3nd Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Tally, otherwise Tmrilby, in the County of Lincoln.

51. An Act for inclosing, and leafing or letting, certain Commons, or Waste Grounds, lying within the Parish of Colton, in the County of Stafford, and applying ti e Profits thereof in Aid of the Poor’s Rates in the said Parish, and for making Exchanges of Lands within the said Parish.

52. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a TraT of Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forclt of Mendif^ lying within the Manors of East Iiorrington and Chileoty in the Out-Parish of Saint Cuthbert in H ells, in the County of Somerset.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pc‘hires, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Statbern, in the County of Lciccjier.

54. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Moldy in the County of Flint*

5v An

5J. Act Aftfordividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands, called Chejlyn Common, in the Liberties of Great Saredon, Little Saredon, and Great JVyrley, in the County of Stafford'.

56. An Act to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act, of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Hutton Bujloell, in the North Riding of the County of Yorks to the Township of West Ylyton, in the Parish of Hutton Bu/bell aforesaid.

57. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Common Fields, Meadows, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Mo7ik Fryston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Ings, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Yockiuith, in the Pariili of Bilton, in the County of the City of York.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the several Parishes of Rodmarton and Coates, in the County of Gloucester; and also for settling and ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Parishes.

Co. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Common Fields only, in the Parish of Alonk Sherborne, in the County of Southampton.

61. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common - Meadows, Common Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Southampton.

62. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Hein {well, in the County of Lincoln.

Cy An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Coppices, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of La mb ley, in the County of Nottingham.

Cx. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosed Common Fields, Common Woods, Wastes, Commons,

and other Lands, within the Parish of Gcdling., comprising* the several Hamlets of Gedling, Stoke Bardolph, and Carlton, in the County of Nottingham.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Great Weldon and Little Weldon, in the County of Northampton. '

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Heaths, Waste and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Manor and Chapelry of Southleigh, in the Parish of Stanton Harcourt, in the County of Oxford.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Forest Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Basford, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act to enable Nutcombe Qyick, of Nutcombe, in the County of Devon, Clerk, and his first and other Sons and their Issue Male, and his Daughters and their I flue, to take and use the Surname of Nutcombe, according to the last Will and Testament of Hannah Nutcombe Bluett deceased, and for ratifying Conveyances made by the said Nutcombe Quick, and his only Son, by the Surname of Nutcombe.

69. An Act for naturalizing Joseph Ventura.

70. An Act for naturalizing Anne Maria Mainwaring and James Mainwaring.

71. An Act for vesting several Lands and Hereditaments, of which Jacob Earl of Radnor is Tenant for Life, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in lieu thereof.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows and Pasture, Waste Grounds, Hills, Downs, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the several Manors of Lower otherwise Nether Hampen, Shipton Sol/ers, and Shipton Otliffe, in the Parishes of Shipton Sailers and Shipton Olliffe, in the County of Gloucester, and some Pieces of Land which extend into the Parishes of Whittington and Dowdeswell, in the famo County.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-third Year of the Reign.

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 33 Georgii III.

x. AN Act to prohibit the Circulation of Promissory or other Notes, Orders, Undertakings, or Obligations, ^ for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or for any other Confident ion, created and issued under or in die Name of any publick Authority in France.

2. An Act to enable his Majesty to restrain the Exportation of Naval Stores; and more effectually to prevent the Exportation of Salt Petre, Arms, and Ammunition, when prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council.

3. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution an Order of Council rdpecting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in consequence of the fame, and for making further Provisions relative thereto; and also for authorizing his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Potatoes; and to permit the Importation of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on the Low Duties.

4. An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or.resident therein, in certain Cases.

5. An Act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of,|and deliver, upon Oath, their Estates for their Creditors Benefit.

6. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

7. An Act for granting ah Aid to his Majesty by a Land

33 Oeo. hi.

Tax, toberaifedin Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

8. An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

10. An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

11. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and (or giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Member and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been staraped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to

I provide. Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time

f to

The TITLES of

to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to tranimit' Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

13. An Act to prevent Acts of Parliament from taking

*-Efte£t from a Time prior to the passing thereof.

14.. An Act to enable the Royal Exchange All'urance Companies, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and fell Annuities upon or for Lives.

15. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England.

16. An Act for effectually carrying into Execution an Act

of Parliament of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal -from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County ^/'.Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in Chert-

ley, in the County of Surrey, and to the Side of

the Turnpike Road, in the Parijl) of Turgifs,

County of Southampton.

17. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service olthe Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three. \

18. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three.

19. An Act for defraying the Chargaythc Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of

March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three; and for making Provision for Adjutants who have served a certain Time in the Militia.

ao. An Act for effectually carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament of the thirtieth Year of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk.

a 1. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashlon under Lyne, and Oldham, to extend the said Canal from a Place called Clayton Demesne,in the Township of Droylfden, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of The Three Boars Heads; and from or nearly from a Place called Taylors Barn, in the Township of to Deaten, at a Place called Beat Bank,adjoining the Turnpike

Road leading between Stockport and under JLyne;

and also from the intended Aquedud Bridge, at or near a Place "called Waterhouses, in the Parish of Ashton under. Lyne aforesaid, to a Place called Stake Leach, at wood,in the Township of Oldham aforesaid.

22. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be iftiied and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

23. An Act for altering the Provisions of an Act passed in

% the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Ma-

jest y ,forrepealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above

six Shillings the Barrel, exclujiveof

not exceeding eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as

respeds the Quality of Table Beer brewed by common Brewers.

the STATUTES.

24. An Act for separ3ting the Chapels of Chorley and Rvjjhrd from the Parish of Crofton, in the County of Lcncasler, and for making them two distindi Parish Churches.

25. An Act for paving the h ootpaths, within the Rorough of Ludloiv, in the County of Salop; and for lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the said Borough.

26. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board; Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present War.

27. An Act more effectually. to prevent, during the prefenC War between Great Britain and Frame, all traitorous Correspontlence with, or Aid or Assistance being given for his Majesty's Enemies.

28. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by way of. Annuities, to be charged of the £qnfolidated Fund; and for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of assessed

1 axes.

29. An Act for enabling his Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes ‘and in the Manner therein mentioned.

30. An Act for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds,) in the Transfers of the several Funds trartsferable at the

Bank of England\ '

31. An Act to enable the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on Behalf and Account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue negotiable Notes for a limited Time, and to a limited Amount.

32. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for providing that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall not

be subjedfc to any Penalties, by reason of an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen JAary^ on Account of their advancing Money for the Payment of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by ifie .©i-redtion of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treafi^ry, and maeje payable at the Bank of England. '

33. An Act for repealing Part of an Act passed.in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salty aydfor the better Payment of Debentures ,at the Custom House, which may relate to the refining and* making of Salt at certain Works intended to be.erected at G'arston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, instead of the present Salt Works at Liverpool.

34. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

35. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his*present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employ aunt of the Poor.

36. An Act to establiili certain Regulations respecting Officers serving in several Corps of Eencible Men, in that

1 Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other Corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Britain.;

37. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-.first Year

of the Reign of his Xato Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the due making cf Bread, and to regulate the Price and Ajftze thereof and to punish Persons who Jhull adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, with respedi to the Time within which certain Prosecutions directed by me said Act are to be brought. xt

3-8. Ar*

c.

Th4 TITLES of

%. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or nearly from a Place called The SaltiTford, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Warwick unto or near to the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at or near to a certain Navigable Canal'in or near to the Town Of Birmingham^ called the Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations.

39. An Act for the more easy raising Money upon the Hundred of Hemlingfard, in the County of Warwick, for

paying' the Damages and Costs incurred on Account of the late Riots within the said Hundred, than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in being.

40. An Act to continue several Laws, relating to the landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain and navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the WeJ} Indies; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British) and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to

go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke’s Hydrometer; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

41. An Act to enable Robert Claxton of Bristol, Merchant, to take the Oath prescribed and directed to be taken by an Act of the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, the further Encrease and Encouragememt of Shipping and Navigation.

42. An Act for incorporating the Company of Free Fishers

‘ and Dredgers of Whitstable, in the County of Kent, and for the better ordering and Government of the Fishery.

43. An Act for enlarging the Powers of and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Paddington in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the /aid Parish.

44. An Act for requiring a certain Form of Oath of Abjuration, and Declaration, from his Majesty's Subjects pro-feffing the Roman Catholick Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

45. An Act: fot taking down and rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Hanbury, in the County of Wor-crester, and for repairing the said Church, and rendering the fame more commodious for the Parishioners.

46. An Act for vesting in his Majesty certain forfeited Estates in Ireland, subject to the Disposition of the Parliament of Ireland.

47. An Act for placing the Stock called E aft-India Annuities under the Management of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and ingrafting the fame on the three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of four millions two hundred thousand Pounds,

the STATUTES.

owing by the Publick to the East India Company; and for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money, by a further Increase of their Capital Stock, to be applied in Discharge of certain Debts of the said Company.

48. An Act to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Cuf-

toms and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals,

Captains, and other Commissioned Officer?, on Board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco, Duty free.

49. An Act for further continuing and amending an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom*

50. An Act to amend an Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an Act,^ made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Baha?na and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships; and so much of two Acts made in the twenty-eighth and thirty-first Years of his present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of his Majesty in the West Indies from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America; and so much of the said Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine into Nova Scotia or Neiu Brunswick from any Country belonging to the United States of America.

51. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling his Majesty to direCi the Issueof Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Ppirposes and in the Manner therein mentioned.

52. An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British? Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Cornu pany; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay.

53. An Act to continue and amend an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Trade or BuftJ ness of Pawnbrokers.

54. An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.

55. An Act to authorize Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and other Peace or Parish Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices; and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates.

j6. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback, and Payment of the Bounty, on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitti?ig the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda. Islands^ m Foreign Ships; and for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars, exported in any other than British Ships.

2 57* An

The. TITLES of

5,7. An Act for the better Regulation of warehoused Tobacco, and for permitting certain Tobacco o* the Spanish Dominions to be admitted to Entry on the Payment of the British Plantation Duty.

5$. An Act to allow to Ships carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery to the North of the Equator, the fame Premium as they are now entitled to it they do not pass the Equator. #

59. An Act to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a limited Time; and also for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned.

60. An Act to enable the PolLmaster General to fend the Adail to the Dominions of his Catholick Majesty, on Board of any Vessels authorised by his Catholick Majesty to carry the fame.

61. An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of i?r/7//7j-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited Time.

62. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

63. An Act to permit Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture ot Afuiy Afrtcay or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence into Great Britain.

64. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the fc-venth and eighth Years of King William the I hird, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Air niters to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the elefling and returning such Members^ so tar as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Elcition.

65. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Aflfor regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported.

66. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's Navy.

67. An Act for better preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships or other Vessels, and in obstructing Seamen, Keelmen, Cafters, and Ship Carpenters, from pursuing their lawful Occupations.

iH. An Act for remedying Inconveniencies attending certain Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and for the County Palatine of Chester, in the Court of Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the Court of Pleas for the County Palatine of Durham, and in the County Courts in Wales.

69. An Act for repealing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought or carried Coastwise into Scotland\ and for granting other Duties on Licences to fell certain dittilled Spirituous Liquors, in lieu thereof.

70. An Act for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, and for granting and allowing other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a Duty on the Importation, and allowing a Drawback on the Exportation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; for empowering the Commissioners of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods during the Voyage; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise, to fell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to private Persons, to be used as Privateers.

71. An Act for further continuing, fora limited Time, an Act made In the twenty-fevemh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High

the STATUTES.

Treasurer y or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Tim? being, to let to farm the Duties granted by an A fly made in the twenty ffth Year of his present Majesty's Reigiiy on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as floould be willing to contrast for the fame.

72. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three 5 and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

73. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British) Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

74. An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called

Scotland.

75. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the eleventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more cjfeflualy the Powers granted by several Afls of Parliament,for making, enlarging, amending, and cleans ing the Taults, Drainsy and Sewersy within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanesy Squares, Yards* Courts* Al/eysy Pofj'ages, and Placcs, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same.

76. An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Bland of Newfoundland, and the Blands adjacent.

77. An Act for further settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lore Rodney, to whom the Barony of Rodney shall defeend, in consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Lord Rodney to his Majesty and the Publick.

78. An Act to enable his Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, to make Leases, Copies and Grants of Offices* Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his said Royal Highness’s Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for the other rurposes therein mentioned.

79. An Act requiring and authorizing Charles Gilbetty Esquire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division, and the Reverend Francis Tuttey the legal Representative of Randolph Tuttc deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Division of the County of SuJfexy to pay certain Sums of Money received by them the said Treasurers, or either of them, on Account of the not railing the Militia of the said County* into the publick Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

80. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation, at Braunjlony in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at or near Brentford, in the County of Muldlesex, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

81. An Act to amend an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in J\melting Cotper and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines, for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey.

82. An Act to explain and amend an Act, nafled in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for thz better paving, cleansing, light ingy and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Paf

6 /«&<*

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

Jtigts therein, leading thereto, in the Parish of Trinity

otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of MiddScfex, within the Liberty of his Majestf $ Tower of 'London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

83.. An Act for the better lighting, cleaning, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same.

84. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the moreeafy and speedy Recovery of Imalf Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverky, Batley, Birfiall, Mirfield, Hartijhead cum Cl ft on, yllmondbtry, Kirkheaton, Kir kb art on, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes.

85. An Act for supplying the Towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarei, StonehouJ'c, and the Parts adjacent in the County of Devon, with Water.

86. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, one made in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals.

87. An Act for enlarging the Church Yard or Cemetery of the Parish Church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County

of Middlesex.

88. An Act for paving and repairing certain Streets, Lanes, and other publick Stallages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middle-Jex; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Old Cock

Latte, and Yo*k Street, as are in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch; and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

89. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and publick Places, within- such Part of the Parish of IValcot, in the County of Somerset, as is^not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction of the City of Bath, in the same County; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obfl ructions; and for establishing a proper and effective^Police therein; and forlicenfing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Basket Men, and Basket Women, within the said City of Bath, and at a certain Distance thereof.

90. An Act for making a new Street from Saint George's Roadxn the Parish of Christchurch in the County of Surrey, through Holland's Lcagure, into and across The Green

and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish; and for discontinuing as a publick Highway Part of a Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish.

91. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Merfcy at or near Netherpool, in the County of Chester; and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

92. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of [pfiuich, in the County of Suffolk', and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

93. An Act for making and maintaining a NavigableCom-immication between, the Town of CheUnsford, or Tome Part of the Parish of Springfield, in the County of Ejfix, and a I

Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Black-water, in the said County.

94. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or nearly from the Town of Granthanism the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge; and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, 3t or near Cropwell Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Nottingham.

95. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Glamorganshire Canal, to or near the Village of Aberdare, in the County of Glamorgan', and for making and maintaining a Rail Way or Stone Road from thence to or near Abernant, in the Parish of Cadoxtane juxta Neath, in the said County.

96. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Brecknock to the Monmouthshire Canal, near the Town of Pontypool, in the County of Monmouth', and for making and maintaining Rail Ways and Stone Roads from such Canal to several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock and ALonmouth.

97. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley; and also a Cut to or near the Town of Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester.

98. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester to communicate with the River Ncn, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation.

99. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Fofs with the River Ouje, at or near the City of York, to Siillington Milly in the Parish of StillinHon, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the liiid River Fofs.

100. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for erecting Piers in, and for repairing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Little -hampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex; and for impowering the Commissioners acting under the said Act to improve the Navigation of the River Arun% from the said Harbour to the Town of Arundel, in the said County.

101. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the thirty-hrft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down and re-building the Parish Church of All Saints within the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purpoje of a Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish.

102. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at or near Swarkstone Bridge, to and through the Borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a Cut out of the said Canal in or near the said Borough, to join the Erewash Canal near Sandiacre, and for making Rail Ways from such Canal to several Collieries in the Parishes or Liberties of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, all in the County of Derby.

103. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Melton Mowbray Navigation, in the County of Leicester, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland.

104. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal from Loch Gilp, to Loch Crinan,\n the Shire of Argyll.

ioj. An Act for making an! maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from a Place called HammevfAe Hill in the

Paiifti.

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Parish of Ulverjione, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called IVeint End, near the Town of Vlveijionc aforesaid.

106. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Bubwith Ferry, in the East Riding of the County of York, and making proper Approaches thereto.

107. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to Weft Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also a Navigable Branch

from the said intended Canals at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg; and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster; and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, to GlaJJon Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster. '

to8. An Act for draining, dividing, inclosing, and improving all the Moor Lands in the Townships of Redmfs and Swinefieet, in the Parish of Whitgifi, in the West Riding of the County of York.

109. An Act for draining, preserving, and improving certain Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) JVe/ion, Moulton, JVhaplode, Holbech, Fleets Gedney, Sutton, Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Hoi-land, in the County of Lincoln.

110. An Act for making and maintaining a Nav igable Canal from the River Caller, inr the Township of Warmfield cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnfcy, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of Cawtkornc, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and certain Railways, and other Roads to communicate therewith.

111. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Collieries at *bit>ley and Weflhallam, in the County of Derby, to the Erewash Canal, in the Parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said County.

j 12. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the JVorecjler and Birmingham Canal Navigation, in the Parish of King's Norton, into the Borough of Stratford upon Avon; and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

113. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cana! from the North End of the Shropshire Canal, in the Township of Rockwardinc Wood, in the County of Salop, to the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County.

114. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Anxholme, in the Parish of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, into the Parish of Caijlor, in the said County.

115. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cana l from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Township of Swinton, to or near the Town of Bar fey, in the Parish of Silk/lone, in the West Riding of the County of York; and certain Collateral Cuts branching out of the said Canal.

116. An Act for embanking and draining certain Salt Marshcs and Low Lands within the several Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, JVhaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln \ and for preventing the fame Marshes and Lands from being overflowed wich the Sea, and for altering an Act passed in the thirty-first: Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Marshcs, Droves, We fie Llids, and Groumlsy in the Parish of Gedney and Hamlet thereof, failed Gedney P en, in the County of Lincoln.

117. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Cur from the said Canal to join the said River Dun, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding.

118. An Act for making dfeftual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness; and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour; and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire; and for improving, widening, and lighting the Streets within the Royal burgh of Ir.vernf.

119. An Act to vary and extend the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act passed in the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Hereford to the City 0/~Glou colter, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of Newent, in the County d/'Gloucester, and to amend the said Act.

120. An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour, and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in certain cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the County of Caith-

7UJS.

121. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal now making at or near Sclly Oak, in the said County; and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith.

122. An Act for erecting and making a Pier and Harbour in the Cove of Trevaunance, in the Parish of Saint Agnes, in the County of Cornwall.

123. An Act for enlarging,deepening,deanfing, improving, and regulating the Harbour of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon.

124. An Act for rebuilding the Tron Church of the City of Glasgow\ for opening certain Streets; for removing Obstructions in the Trongate Street; for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street; for regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying Wood and Timber on the Streets of the said City; for enlarging the Gaol or Tolbooth there; and for felling Part of the High or Calton Green, and also the Glebe belonging to the Inner High dour eh, and Parish of Glasgow.

125. An Act for enlarging, deepening, deanfing, improving, and regulating, the Harbour of Amlwch, in the Isle of

Angle fey.

126. An Act for amending an Act made in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred'of Biything, in the County of Suffolk, and for granting some further Powers and Provisions for carrying the fame more* effectually into Execution.

127. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application rf the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Ob~ jests of Charity, of the Town of Bedford; and for the better Management and Disposition of the said Eflatcs, and the Rems and Profits thereof.

ie

The TITLES of

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from! Ipswich to the Scole Inn Road, and from Claydon to the? Bury Saint Edmund's Road, at the End of the Bounds of the Parish of Hawleigh, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye, and from Eye to Lanthorn Green, in the County of Suffolk* J

129. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending certain Acts of the fourteenth and thirtieth Years of King George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the North End of Wakefield Bridge to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

130. An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from the said Town of Ca?nbridge to Royfion, in the Counties of Cambridge and EJfix.

131. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Uttoxeter to the Weft-wardly Part of Hardiwick Heath, and for setting out and making a new Road from thence to Stoke near Stone; and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Village of Millwich to Sandon, in the County of Stafford.

132. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairingfever al Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the Road through the Parish of Bromernerrow, in the County of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road from Gloucester to Worcester.

133. An Act for opening and making a new Road from the Turnpike Road at Craig Evan Leyfon, in the Parish of Lanvabon, to the Confines of the Parish of Yflradyvoduck, near Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan.

134. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in the County of Lancaster.

135. An Act for continuing and amending an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Guide Pofi, at the West End of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the Town of Stains, in the County of Middlesex.

136. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an At, passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the said County.

137. An Act for continuing the T erm of an At, of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom ^Galley Mill, near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clan-field, in the County of Oxford.

T38. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an At made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, /// the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and everal other Roads therein mentioned.

139. An Act for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of LancaJ-ter, through the Town of Afiton under Line, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester.

140. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from, French Top, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Brookboufis, in the Parish of Ghffop, in the County of Derby, and for

5

the STATUTES.

repairing and altering the Road leading from, or nearly from, a Close called Copley Meadow, in Stayley, to,* or near to, Stayley Bridge, in the County of Chester.

141. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of two Ats of Parliament, the one passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Lyne to Haftop, and

from Midlde Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford; and the other passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said At, and for amending several other Roads therein described.

142. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an At of Parliament of the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the fame Riding, so far as relates to the first Distrit of the Roads mentioned in the said At.

143. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Foot of a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Little Boioden, in the County of ATorihampton, commonly called Samt Mary's Bridge, to the West Side of the Toll Bar at the North End of the Town of Rockingham, in the said County.

144. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading to and from the City of Bath.

143. An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the Parish of Shenfield to Harivich and Rcchford, and from Chelmsford to Ballingdon Bridge, and from Margaretting to Malden, and from Colchester to Dedham Bridge, and from Lexden to the East End of the Town of Haverill, and from High Garrett to Buhner Tic, and from Mark's Tey to Braintree, and from Little Waltham to the End of the Parish of Great Hallingbury, and from Malden to Braintree, in the County of Essex.

146. An Act for repairing the High Road leading from Cockerton Bridge, near Darlington, in the County of Durham, to Staindrop, in the said County.

147. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an At,

Sffed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Term and vary the Powers of so much of an Afi, made in the twenty fif I Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Rtyd from Sutton Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to the Wolverhampton District of Roads.

148. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from the Turnpike Road between Gateshead and Hexham, near Lobley Hill, in the Parish of Whick jam, in the County of Diu'ham, to Burtry Ford, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the same County, and a Branch from the said Road, near Bryan s Leap, in the County of Durham, to the Corbridge Turnpike Road near Blackhcdley, in the County of Northumberland, and another Branch from the said Road at Wolfingbam, in the County of Durham, to Crofgate, near the City of Durham

149. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Hadley. Turnpike Gate to Stafford Bridge, and from a Farm House called Tarpotts to the Town of South Ben-feet, and from the Pound in the Town of Brentwood to Tilbury Fort, and from Billericay to Horndon on the Hill, and from Stanford Bridge to Purfieet in the County of Essex*

150, An

The TITLES of

150. An Act for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the Market Place in New Sleaford, to and through the Town of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln \ and for making publick the Drove Road from the said T own of Anwick to Kyme Prate Grounds, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road near North Kyme T own; and for widening, turn ng, altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from thence through the said Town of North Kyme, near Billinghay Dales, to the River JVitham, and also the Road from the opposite Shore of the said River to the Town of Tattershall\ in the said County of Lincoln, and for building a Bridge over the JVitham, at, or near to, Tattershall Ferry.

i. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Saint Ive’s Lane* in the Town of Saint Ncots, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge.

152. An Adtfor repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Braftington, at, or near to, a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland JVard\ and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on JVidsworth Moor to Mat-lock Bathy at, or near to, a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby»

153. An Act for repairing, widening, diverting, and improving, the Road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and also the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, all in the County of Stafford; and also the Road from Stafford to Newport, in the County of Salop.

154. An Act for continuing the Term and varying the

Powers of an Act of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, amending, widening, and altering the Road

from Crickhowell, in the County of Brecon, to the Cross

Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross, and other Roads therein deferred, with respect to certain Parts of the Roads comprized in the said Act.

155. An Act for continuing the Terms, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating, the Powers of two Acts of Parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fc-venteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads and Streets in and near the Town of Brewton, in the County of Somerset. therein described; and also for repairing, widening, and altering several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and I Vi Its.

156. An Act to continue the Terms of two several Acts, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenftanton, and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County a/'Cambridge.

157. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the ro vers of t wo Acts, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the iVventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South-east Side of the Town of

the STATUTES.

Hedony in the East Riding of the County of York, throu^ the said Town, to Hull North Bridge; and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Jf^yton Holmes, through the Townships of JVyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor Housey in the fame Riding.

158. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the twenty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for malting and repairing the Road from Crieff toward Stirling and Alio a y and other Roads in the said County.

159. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Selby Ferry in the Parish of Hemingbrough, to the T own of Market JVeighton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

160. An Act for completing, repairing, and maintaining, the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Garfcube Bridge, by Dobbie's Loan, in the County of Lanark.

161. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the Powers of two Acts of Parliament, passed in the twenty- first and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Piercebridge to Kirk Merrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the same County.

162. An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End of Marsh Lane, in Ashford, in the County of Kent, to the End of the Parish of Orleflone, near Stockbridge, in Romney Marsh, in the said County.

163. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two Acts of the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Roads Jrom Dunglass Bridge, to the Taivn of Haddington, and from thence io Revenfhaugh Bum, in the County of Haddington; and for making, amending, altering, widciv ing, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of the said Roads, within the said County.

164. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending the Road from a Place called Earl’s Kill, in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, both in the County of Lancaster.

16^. An Act for making, amending, diverting, and widening the Roads leading from West Harptry to the Bath and IVtdls Turnpike Road at Markfbury, and from Stowey to Chew Ma^na, and from West Harptry to the Bath Turnpike Road at Emborow, and from West Harptry to Fore-crossy in the Parish of Churchill, and from West Harptry to the Blue Bowl Inn in Compton Martin, and from Herrington to the Town of JVrington, and from the Nine Elms, at North JVidcombe, to Coley, in the County of Somerset.

166. An Act for making aftd maintaining a commodious Carriage Road from the Town of Bawtry, to the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of Yor k.

167. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading h orn IVornborne to Prince's End \ and from Gospel End to the Village of Over Penny and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from JVoherharnpton to Stourbridge; and from Chitt's Grave to

or

The TITLES of

near Prince's End; and from Can Lane to the Town ci Bilston, in the County of Stafford*

168. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the E d of the present Turnpike Roadfro?n Beflelfleigh to Hun* gerlord, in the County of Berks, to Leckford otherwise Soufley Water, in the County of Wilts.

169. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Adls of the twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the seventeenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the Town of Monmouth.

170. An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Ardwick Green, near Man-thefter, in the County of Lancaster, to the New Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmfow, in the County of Chester.

171. An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster; and also the Road from Hernejione Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in le Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the last-mentioned Road at Whaley, in the said County of Chester.

172. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of two several Acts made in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Prejion Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, and other Roads in the County of Salop; and for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Shrewsbury to El-lefmere, through Harlefcott, Uffington, and Benvick, to Atcham, in the said County.

173. An Act for amending, widening, shortening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wren's Cross, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, through the Weft or Lower Harrietsham Street, by Har-rietsham Churchy and through Lenham and Charing to Barrow Hilly in Ashford, in the said County.

274. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow; and of another Act passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act; and of another Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so tar as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvin, called The Mi Inf or d of Garfcube.

475. An Act for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Spade/bourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and other Roads therein mentioned.

176. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts, passed in the twelfth Year of the Reig?i of King George the Firjiy and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from 33 Geo. III.

the STATUTES.

Market Harborough to Lougborough, in the County of Leicester; and for repairings widening, turning, and al+ tering the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road at a Place called Filling Gate, to a Road called The Fofe Road; and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mowbray to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret’s Field, Leicester.

177. An Act for repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from Hcage, in the County of Derby, through Belter, to Duffeldy in the said County.

178. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Carding-ton, in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing a Road from thence to the Great Northern Ready near Tems-ford Bridge, in the County of Bedford.

179. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town iff

Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

180. An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road from Clay Hilly in the Turnpike Road between Neat Eistone and Chipping Norton, in the County of Oxford\ over Heyford Bridge, to the Water Laney in the Town of Bicester, in the said County; and from Bicester aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in Weston on the Green, in the said County.

181. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warringtotiy Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in WorJlcy, and Duxbury Stocksy and also the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Laney to Daufon Lane End; and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kerfal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all ijt the County Palatine of Lancaster.

182. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Odi-ham to Alton, in the County of Southampton.

183. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual so much of three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Seven Oaks, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping’s Cross, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen’s Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, as relates to the Road leading from Seven Oaks Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping’s Cross, in the said County of Kent; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid.

184. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,y^r repairing and widening the Road leading from Peniftone Bridge, in the County of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby; and the Roads severally leading from Bamford Woodgate over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide PqJl on Thornhill Moor, to or near the eighth Mile Stone on Hathersage Moor, and to the Tillage of Darwent, in the said^ County of Derby.

185. An Act for repairing and widening that Part of the Road, leading from Kelso towards the Town of Selkirk, which lies to the Eastward of the Turnpike Road leading from Jedburgh to Lauder, which erodes the River Tiv'.ot, near to the Town of Keljo, and the Road leading from

& Keif*

The TIT L E S of

Kt'lfo towards CoUJlreams to the Place where it joins the

Turnpike Road leading from Greenlaw to Cobfreamyini from KeljOy through Ednam, to Orange Lane, in the Parish of Eccles, in the County erf Berwick, and from the Ford at Nation AElly through Ednam, to Edenjoot, and from Kiljo to Combi!l> in the County of Durham.

PRIVATE ACTS,

Anno 33 Georgii III.

1. AN Act to enable Richard Johnstone Vanden Bempde

\ Esquire. (lately called Richard Bempde JchrjicneJ and the Heirs Male cf his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Vanden Bempde only, pursuant to the Will of John Vanden Bempde Esquire, deceased.

2. An Act for naturalizing Peter Pet erf on Hanjen and Otto Hinrick Hanjen.

3. An Act for naturalizing John William Fisher.

4. An Act for vesting certain Estates. of Robert Ladbroke Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick and Northampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uies as the said settled Estates now (land limited.

5. An Act for naturalizing John James Vallotton.

6. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of RJely, in the County of Bedford*

y. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Parcel of WafteLand,calledZ)r/ff/7^il/^r,writhin the Town-ship of New holm cum Dunjley, in the Parish of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Heath, Common Pasture, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Dunjlony in the County of Lincoln*

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Hamlets cf South MilforthinA Lumly, in the Parish of Sherburn9 in the West Riding of the County of York.

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wadenhoey in the County of Northampton.

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Graveships of Wakefield, Stanley, Wren-thorfe, Aherthorpey and Yhornes, in the Parish of Wake-field, in the West Riding of the County of York.

12. An Act for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying in Chatterisy in the Isle of Ely9 in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the fame, and for holding, in Severalty, for ever, certain Parts or Lots, being Part of the said Grounds, called The Acre Fen9 and Little Ferry Burrows, in the said Parish of Chatteris.

*3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Moor or Common within the Manor of Miltony in the rarish of Kewjlokcy in the County of Somerset.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Ings, Marshcs* and Common Pastures, and other

the STATUTES.

Common and Waste Lands and Grounds within the

Lordship of Barton upon Humber% in the County of Lincoln*

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Granby and Sutton^ in the Parish of Granby and Suttony in the County of Nottingham.

16. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander Stewart Esquire, with Elizabeth Leigh his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act to enable John Butcher Esquire, and his Issue* to use the Surname and Arms of Rodbardy pursuant to the Will of Elcnry Rodbard Esquire.

18. An Act for naturalizing Charles Francis Dumergue and Charles John Jolt Dumergue.

19. An Act for naturalizing Peter Lewis Robin.

20. An Act for naturalizing Francois Morey. Philip Colombo Louys Gruazy and John Amick.

21. An Act for naturalizing Henry EngelL

n. An Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the Duke of Marlborough and Lincoln College, Oxford.

23. An Act for vesting the Navigation of the River Avon9 in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Glcucefiery and certain other Estates in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick^ late the Property of George Perrott Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Monies arising thereby to be applied in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as those directed to be sold by this Act are now settled.

24. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Heath Grounds, within the Parish of Normantony in the County of Rutland

25. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Townships of Moreton and WiU bright on, otherwise Wilberton, in the Parish of Gnofally in the County of Stafford.

26. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the several Parish,s of Covenham Saint Bartholomew and Covenham Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

27. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Liberties and Precinftsof Stoke Lyne and Fewcotty in the Parish of Stoke Lyne9 in the County of Oxford. /

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures* Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Township, Liberty, and Precincts of Little Barford, otherwise Barford Saint John9 in the Parish of derbury, in the County of Oxford.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures* Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and ParifL of Dunfiewy in the County of Oa:- ford.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Old Whole Year Lands, Common Yields, Half Year Lands* Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Marham% in the County of Norfolk.

p.Aa

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

31. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, in the County of Somerset.

32. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Cajllethorpe, in the County of Buckingham.

33. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Halt Year Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Stiff key and Morston, in the County of Nor-

folk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheep Walk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes.

34. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Street Gentleman, with Lucy Duncumb, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Wfs, and John isaac Char retie.

36. An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Muller and John Rapp.

37. An Act for naturalizing Peter Benezech.

38. An Act for naturalizing Willia?n HerJ'cheL

39. An Act for naturalizing Car/len Anderson.

40. An Act for dividing^ allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste Ground called Lightwood, within the Township of Normacott, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford.

41. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other 'Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford.

42. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Greetbam, in the County of Lincoln.

43. An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Durrford, in the County of Wills.

44. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, five Open Common Fields, commonly called Shffnal Town Field, other wise Pool Field, other wise Drayton Field, the Wykc Field, the Church Field, otherwise Houghton Field, Houghton Middle Field, otherwise Patnal Field, and the Upper Field, otherwise Nedge Field, in the Parish of ldjal, otherwise Shffnal, in the County of Salop.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Arable, Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Township of Bur cesler-King's-End, otherwise Bicfler-King's-End, in the Parish of Bur-cesler, otherwise Bicester, in the County of Oxford.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlet of A/lon Upthorpe, in the Parish of Blewbury, in the County of Berks.

47. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Kirton in Li)fey, in the County of Lincoln.

48. An Act for vesting the settled Estates cf Francis Gian-ville Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale! in Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

49. An Act to disunite the Rectories of Glmingham and Trinich, in the County of Norfolk, and Diocese of Norwich.

50. An Act to impower William Churchill Dickcnfon Esquire, to grant Building Leases, Renewable Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee., of and upon all or any Part of the Estates at Chorlton Row, devised by the Will of John Dickenjon Esquire, deceased, situate near the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

51. An Act to enable John Gurtfide Esquire, to grant and convey the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, for building upon reserving Rents, or to make Budding Leases, of any Part of his settled Estate in Little Bolton, in the County of Lancaster.

52. An Act to enable Mary Greene Widow, and James Greene Esquire her Son, and the Survivor of them, to grant and convey in Fee Farm, for the Purposes of Building, or to make Building Leases, for any Term of Years, of Messuages and Lands at Droyfden, Failsworth, and Newton, in the County of Lancaster.

53. An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Ely to fell the Castle of Wifliecb Saint Ptier's, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and the Gardens and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale in Manner therein mentioned.

54. An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham Esquire, in John Tray ton Fuller Esquire.

35. An Act for vesting certain Estates in Wiltshire, Somerset shire, and Gloucestershire, in Trustees, to the Uses of the Will of Jacob Knight Esquire, deceased, in lieu of an Estate in Worcejlevfinre, limited to such Uses by the said Will, and for vesting the Estate in Worcesterffirc in Warren Hajlings Esquire, in Fee Simple.

56. An Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith Esquire, deceased, to accept a Grant of a Rent Charge or clear Annual Payment or Sum of twenty Pounds, to be charged upon, and paid and payable at Michaelmas in every Year by, and out of, a Messuage, Farm, and Lands, of the Right Honourable Jeffery Lord Amherst, in the Parish of Horley, in the County of Surrey, in Exchange for* several Pieces or Parcels of Land situate, lying, and be-. ing, in Sevenoaks, in the County of Kent, inclosed from the Waste of the Manors of Sevcnoaks and' Knowle, or one of them, and to convey the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land to the said Jeffery Lord Amherst, and his Heirs, accordingly.

57. An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant Building Leases to Mr. Francis Hurlhatt.

58. An Act to enable John TraffordEsquire, and other Persons after his Death, to grant Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Humphrey Trafford Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chejhr. for building, and also to grant Leases of certain Waste M »fs Lands in the said Counties, other Parts of the said devised Estates.

59. An Act for Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late of John Blackburne Esquire, deceased, and of a Freehold and Leasehold Estate, late of Richard Kent Esquire, deceased, and for the Application of the respective Purchase Monies.

60. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, in the Parish of Shottcjwell, in the County of Warwick.

The TITLES of

61. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Arm-ley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. t

62. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Tilomgrafton Common, and alfocertain Common f* ields or Dales and Pieces of Land, within the Township of Thorngrafton, all within the Barony or Manor of Wark, and in the Parish of Haltwhijlle, in the County of Northumberland.

63. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Langley South Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

64. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Grindon Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

65. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Allington, in the County of Lincoln.

66. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Aldsworth, in the County of Gloucester.

67. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Orston and Thoroton, in the Parish of Orston, in the County of Nottingham.

68. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Maifemorc, in the County of Ghucefier, (except a certain Meadow called Maifemorc Ham,) and for rendering all the Lands and Tenements within the said Parish wholly exempt and discharged from Tythe, and all Modus and Composition for Tythe, by allotting Lands in lieu thereof.

69. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, Heaths, and Marsh and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Cobham, otherwise Coveham, in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey.

70. An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of the Moors and

1 Wastes within the Manor of Mafnarn and Majharnfire, in

the North Riding of the County of York.

71. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Town, Manor, or Lordship of Weaver ham, in the County of Ghester.

72. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Little Tew, in the County of Oxford.

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Salt Marlhcs, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln.

74. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Mileomb, in the County of Oxford.

75. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Martin ^Esquire, with Elizabeth Vejey his now Wife, and to

enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned* .4

the STATUTES.

76. An Act for naturalizing Frederic Cyriac Zernitz*

77. An Act for naturalizing David' Berguer.

78. An Act for naturalizing Frederick Gottlieb Boccius.

79. An Act for impowering the Committees,or Committee, for the Time being, of the Estate of the Mod Noble Anna Eliza Duchess of Chandos, a Lunatic, to make Leases of her Estate during her Lunacy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

80. An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between William Tloomas Darby Esquire, and Saint Andrew Saint John Esquire, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, (heretofore the Estate of Richard Jackson Esquire, deceased,) in the several Counties of Norfolk, Essex, Surrey, Afiddlfex, and the City of London, and for limiting and settling the specificlc Parts thereof, which, upon such Partition and Division, were allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned.

81. An Act to enable Sir Henry Bridgeman Baronet, and, after his Death, other Persons, to grant Building Leaies of his settled Estates at or near Bolton in Lee Mooresy in the County of Lanca/ler, for long Terms of Years.

82. An Act to enable James Lever, of Hindley, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, to make Grants in Fee, and also to grant Building Leases of certain Estates in the Township of Bolton le Moors, in the said County.

83. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Willoughby on the Woulds, in the County of Nottingham.

84. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open

Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of ueneborough, in the County of

Leicester.

85. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet of Taddington and Priejl-cliff, in the Parish of Blakrwell, and County of Derby.

86. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Brown Esquire, with Susannah Sulley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

87. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Cal-vcrlcy John Beiuickc Clerk, with Mary Elizabeth, otherwise Mary Eliza Vaughan his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

88. An Act for enabling Richard William Howard Tyfe, an Infant Trustee, to join in making an Exchange of Part of the Estate of the Mod Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk with Francis Ferrand Foljambe Esquire,

89. An Act for dividing, inclosing, stinting, regulating, and otherwise improving, certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Brotherton, in the West Riding of the County of

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Liberty of Swindony in the Parish of Womborne, in the County of Stafford.

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds and Ings, or Meadow Grounds, within the Township of Knottingley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

92. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Uantcrrcs, in the County of Denbigh, and Kilken, in the County of Flint.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Common

The TITLES of

morts and Waste Lands, within the Town and Lordship of Frodsham, and the Township of Hcljly, in the Parish of Frodsham, in the County of Chester.

94. An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Valle.

95. A*n Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of Lincoln and Richard Ellison Esquire.

96. An Act to enable Sarah Heaton Widow, Mother and Guardian of John Heaton a Minor, to grant Building Leases, during his Minority, of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex

97. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Spceton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

98. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pailures, and Wastes, within the Township of SouthhuMy in the Parish of Kirkburn, in the East Riding of the County of York.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called Thirsk Weft Moor, and Calton and Sand-button Commons, in the Parish of Thirsk, in the North Riding of the County of York, and several Parcels of Moor or Coipmoh Land, being Part of Baghy High Moor, ly-

the STATUTES.

ing within the several Townships of Thirsk, Bagby> and Balky in the said Riding.

100. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other

# Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Slawftony in the County of Leicester.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a certain Moor or Common called Thornbo-rough Moory within the Parish of TVeJi Tanjieldy in the North Riding of the County of York.

102. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Unin-

closed Helds, and Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Skldby, in the Parish of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York. t

10. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several Townships of Hollym and Withernjeay in the Parish of Hollymy in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythesof the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Townships.

104. An Act for naturalizing Gotlieb Augujhts Treijer.

A

TABLE

OF THE

Publick and Private Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS of the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign

of GEORGE III.

PUBLICK ACTS.

i, It N Act for raising the Sum of eleven Millions by way of Annuities,

2. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain

additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Spirits made in Scotland and imported into England.

3. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain.

4. An Act for making perpetual certain Duties on Foreign Spirits, and on Sugar, imported into Great Britain.

5. An Act to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of his Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

'6. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

7. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

8. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be rai'fed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

9. An Act for preventing Money or Eftefts in the Hands of his Majesty's Subjects, belonging to or dispofableby Persons resident in France, being applied to the Use of the j Persons exercising the Powers of Government in France;

34 Geo, 111.

and for preserving the Property thereof for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof.

10. An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Gloves and Mittens sold by Retail,

11. An Act for repealing the Duties on the Registry of Burials, Births, Marriages, and Christenings.

12. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the ime limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

13. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

14. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Indentures of Clerkships to Solicitors and Attornies in any of the Courts in England therein mentioned.

15. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Bricks and Tiles made in or imported into Great Britain.

16. An Act for augmenting the Militia.

h 17, An

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

*7. An Act for regulating the Portage and Conveyance of

Letters by the Carriage called The Penny Post.

*'l8T AiVA'dtfor grrfhting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and the Islands of Jcrfcyaivi Guernsey, and within those Blands.

19. An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland further to increase the Capital Stock of the said Company.

20. An Act f >r repealing the Duties on Paper, Pasteboard,

Millboard, Scaleboard, and Glazed Paper; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

21. An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy dtid Victualling Bills; and for providing for the regular Payment of all Navy and Victualling Bills that shall be issued in future.

22. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland and Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men, at certain Ports, for a limited Time.

23. An Act for amending and making perpetual an Act, madq in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Arts of designing and printing Linens, Cottons, Callicoes, and Muslins, by vejling the Properties thereof in the Designers, Printers, and Proprietors, for a limited Time.

24. An Act for making certain Navigable Cuts from the Towns of Buckingham^ Aylesbury, and IFendover, in the County of Buckingham, to communicate with the Grand Junction Navigation, authorized to be made by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for amending the said Act.

25. An Act for extending the JVyrley and EjJingtcn Canal.

26. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to

or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham in the County Palatine of Lancaster, at the intended Aqueduct Bridge in Dukwfield in the County of Chester, to or near to Chapel Milton in the County of Derby; and a Communication by. Rail Ways or Stone Roads from thence to Load's Knoivl, within Peak Forest in the said County of Derby; and a Branch from and out of the said intended Canal to JVbaley Bridge in the said County of Chester.

27. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Glass imported into or made in Great Britain.

28. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Y car one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

29. An Act for railing u further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer BiM, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

30. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the M.liiia, in that Part of Great Britain called

preventing Suits in consequence of the fame; for author rizing his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, or carrying Coastwise, of Pot Ashes or Pearl Allies; and for mating further Provisions relative thereto.

35. An Act for indemnifying Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and Persons acting as such in the JVefl India Islands, who have permitted the Importation and Exportation ol Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms.

36. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Exportation. of Culm to Lisbon, and to the ascertaining the

Strcnq'h of Spirits by Clark's Hydrometer.

t\. xx r— -1—* A ~

England, for on; VCar, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March one thoul.v. 1 seven hundred and ninety-four.

31. An Act for ent ..raging and disciplining such Corns or Companies of Men as shall voluntarily inrol themselves for the Defence of their Counties, Towns, or Coasts, or for the gcneial Defence of the Kingdom, dating the ptefent War.

32. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Stamp DutM, to flump Bills of Exchange and Notes in certain Cads.

33. An Act for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on Tiftilleries, and on Licences granted to Distillers, in Scotland: and for appropriating the said Duties.

34. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into Execution an Order of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, re-fpcdling the Exportation of Pot Alhcs or Pearl Allies; for

10

f_____ J —. _. u 4.J Vi i V/11U IU

37. A*. Act for altering an Act passed in the seventh Year of i:. .* Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in-truled. An Act for making the Rivers Mercy and Irwell navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the County Pa~ latine of Lancaster, by incorporating the Proprietors of the Lid Navigation; and to declare their respective Shares therein to be Personal Estate.

.38. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal out of and from the TVinvick and Birmingham Cana), now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the Parish of Budbrooker in the County of JVarwick, into the Oxford Canal, in the Parish of Braunston, in the County of Northampton.

39. An Act for making a Navigable Canal from or near Porthywain Lime Rocks in the Parish of Llaiyblodwell in the County of Salop, to or near Newtown in the County of Montgomery; and also certain Collateral Cuts frqm the said Canal.

40. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of A4oney, to be raised by a Lottery.

41. An Act to empower the East India Company to continue a Bond Debt of two Millions, and to increase the fame by a further Sum, as Circumstances may require.

42. An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under his Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships, under certain Regulations and Restrictions; for allowing Aliens in F'oreign Colonies surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors; and for repealing an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies dirrflly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great

PrlfUn ' r - --

__________v ur 1 j, m Mips uuiu in threat

Britain, and navigated according to Law; and also so much of an Art passed in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty as amends the said Act.

43. An Act to enable Subjects of France to enlist as Soldiers in Regiments to serve on the Continent of Europe, and in certain other Places; and to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of France to serve and receive Pay as Officers in such Regiments, or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions.

________, aim wumiiiuc lO muxtfl

of two Acts made in the tenth and sixteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officcis of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in the Bland of Newfoundland.

45. An Act to enable his Majesty to establish a Court of Criminal Judicature in Nofolk If and.

46. An Act for taking of Special Bail in Actions and Suits depending in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

47. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families

e/

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, “ An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament y the Laws “ relatin' to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain “ called England;” and also an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for augtnenting the Militia.

48. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

50. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as di-rests that no Cambric or Lawn shall be imported from Ireland, until the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by Law; to allow the Importation of Cambrics and French Lawns from the AujlriaruNetherlands, for a limited Time for making more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent relanding of Tobacco shipped for Exportation.

51. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs, on Slate, Stone, and A4arble.

52. An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon.

53. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal of Sir John Ramsden Baronet, at or near the Town of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Line and Oldham, at or near the Town of Ashton under Line aforesaid, in the County Palatine of Lan-c after.

54. An Act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

55. An Act for saving to his Majesty the Duty of new Subsidy on Tobacco imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

56. An Act for extending the Time limited by an Act of this Session for delivering in Navy and Victualling Bills.

57. An Act for further continuing an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts.

58. An Act to prevent the Removal of Suits from the Inferior Courts in the County Palatine of Lancaster, into the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine.

59. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act passed in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for better examining and auditing the Publick Accounts of the Board of Ordnance, the Commissioners of the Navy, the Commissioners for Victualling the Navy, and the Commissioners of Sick and Hurt.

fio. An Act to continue so much of several Laws, respecting the Transportation and Imprisonment of Offenders, as re-

lates to the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement.

61. An Act for the better Observation of the Lord’s Day, by Persons exercising the Trade of Bakers.

62. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

63. An Act for allowing the Exercise of an Invention of a new Method of Tanning Hides and Skins.

64. An Act for the more effectually repairing of such Parts of the Highways of this Kingdom as are to be repaired by two Parishes.

65. An Act for better regulating and governing the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor-

66. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys Esquire, in Trust for the late Right Honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the Mortgaged Premises, in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to his Majesty.

67. An Act for vesting in John Wilkinson Esquire, in Trust for the Assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a Messuage and other Hereditaments, in Saint James's Square, purchased by the said Jofiph Freeman of-Matthias de Gandafequiy an Alien; and for discharging the fame from the Right of the Crown, in respect of the Alienage.

68. An Act for the further Encouragement of British Mariners; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69. An Act for the Discharge of certain Insolvent Debtors.

70. An Act to exempt Ships of War, and Private Ships or Vessels of War, taken as Prize, from Payment of Duty.

71. An Act for supplying such of the French Islands, as may be in his Majesty's Boffeflion, with the several Sorts of Corn, Me«l, Flour, and Biscuit,. necessary for the Maintenance of the Inhabitants of the said Islands.

72. An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Stamp Du lies to (lamp the Paper used for printing Newspapers thereon, in Sheets of Single Demy Paper instead of Sheets of Double Demy Paper.

73. An Act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners, to administer certain Oaths and Declarations required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

74. An Act for varying some of the Provisions in an Act of the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, respecting the Publick Highways, within that Part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the Performance of Statute Duty/

75. An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Crown, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other unimprovable Rents.

76. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for the better feeding his Majesty's Batteries, and other Works, in the Counties of Kent and Devon.

77. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or nearly from Bury Bridge, in the Parish of Bury, by Haftingdeny to or nearly to Church Kirky all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

78. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge

Whaif,

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also certain Cuts from the said intended Canal.

79. An Act for more effectually preserving Money or Effects, in the Hands of his Majesty's Subjects, belonging to, or disposable by, Persons resident in France, for the Benefit of the Individual Owners thereof.

50. An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Co act of Africa.

51. An Act for amending so much of an Act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, as relates to the Militia of the City of London j and for the better ordering the fame.

82. An Act to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

S3. An Act to explain so much of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, inti tulea, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, as relates to the Time of presenting certain renewed Petitions, and taking the fame into Consideration.

4. An Act for erecting a Penitentiary House or Houses for confining and employing Convicts.

£5. An Act to remove certain Difficulties in the Execution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners appointed by two Acts, passed in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the River Nine or Ncn, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate to the Navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston Bridge.

86. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, with certain RailWays and Stone Roads, from several Collieries, in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon Canal, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of IVilts.

87. An Act for extending and improving the Birmingham Canal Navigations.

88. An Act for taking down and^ rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Alkmond, in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

89. An Act for paving the Footways in the Town of Abingdon in the County of Berks; for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places in the said Town; for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and for otherwise improving the said Town.

go* An Act for making a Navigable Canal from the River Kennety at or near the town of Newbury y in the County of Berks, to the River Avon, at or near the City of Batby and also certain Navigable Cuts therein described.

91. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or a sixth Part of a Penny

Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold within the Town of Borrowjlounness, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Linlithgow; and for extending the fame over the Parish of Borrtnvflounness; for repairing the Harbour of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

92. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from IV'tfbech River, at or near a Place called the Old Sluicey in the Town of IFlfbech in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, to join the River None in the Parish of Outwell, in the said Isle of Ely, and in the County of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from Outwell Church to Salters Load Sluice.

93. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal, at or near Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to a certain Close in the Parish of Ashby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester, and for continuing the fame from thence in one Line to the Limeworks at Ticknall in the County of Derby, and in another Line to the Limeworks at Cloudhill in the said County of Leicester, with certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal.

94. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to complete the said Navigation, and to vary the Line thereof, and to raise a further Sum of Money for those Purposes; and for making a Navigable Branch, therein defenbed, from the intended new Line of the said Canal.

95. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty, for improving the Navigation of the River Trent; and for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said River, in the Parish of Bccston, to join the Nottingham Canal, in the Parish of Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, and also certain Cuts on the Side of the said River.

96. An Act for paying, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Squares, and other publick Passages and Places, which are and shall be made upon certain Pieces of Ground in the Parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomsbury, or some or one of them, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, commonly called The Foundling Hhospital

97. An Act for building a new Shire Hall for the County of Stafford.

98. An Act for the better Relief, Regulation, and Employment of the Poor, within the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.

99. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for deepening, cleansing,

flouring, fr<serving, and maintaining the Harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the fhta)s and Piers; for cred-in? Docks, Breafis, Jet tecs, and Piers-, and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels trading into and going out of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

100. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads in the County of Torfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same-, and for repairing lcvcral other Roads in the said County, and for building a Bridge over the River South Efk, near Finhaccn.

The TITLES of

101. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant in Fee Simple, certain Estates veiled in him by reason of the Attainders of the Persons therein named, to the Descendants of such attainted Persons.

102. An Act for improving the Outfal of the River Welland, in the County of Lincoln, and for the better Drainage of the Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Marshes, discharging their Waters through the fame into the Sea; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Welland by means of a new Cut, to commence below a certain Place called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence through the enclosed Marshes, and open Salt Marshes, into Wyberton Roads, between the Port of Boston and a Place called the Scalp; and for disposing of the Bare or White Sands adjoining to the said River; and for building a Bridge over the said Cut.

103. An Act for amending and altering certain Acts of Parliament, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Coventry Canal Navigation, to the City of Oxford.

104. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act,

Safled in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyancex, and for widening the Streetx, Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town.

105. An Act for building a new Bridge over the River Par-rett9 within the Borough of Bridgewater, in the County* of Somerset\ and for repairing, maintaining, and extending the Quays in the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid; for abolishing the ancient and accustomed Duties, and for imposing certain new Duties at the Port of Bridgewater aforesaid instead thereof; for regulating the Moorings and Stations of Ships and Vessels in the said Port; and for imposing a certain Toll on Horses, Carriages, and Cattle.

106. An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Town of Abergavenny, and the Limits thereof, in the County of Monmouth.

107. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Titton, otherwise Tibbington9 in the County of Stafford, and for enlarging the Cemetery or Burial Ground belonging thereto.

108. An Act for regulating the Manner of flocking and using the Marsh Common, otherwise Salt Marshy in the Parish of Almondsbury, in the County of Gloucester.

109. An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan, into the Parish of Yftradgunlais in the County of Brecon.

110. An Act for embanking, and otherwise fencing from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coasts of the Parish of Abergele in the County of Denbigh, and Rhydlan Marsh, in the several Parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of RJyydlan in the County of Flinty and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Rhydlan, and in the several Parishes of Diferth and Metiden in the said County of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the fame, or some Part thereof, one or more Aqueducts, or other Watercourses and Drains; and to enclose, divide, and fell, competent Parts of the said several Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, to defray the Expences of the said Works; and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preservation thereof, in An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish of Saint Stephen in the City of Bristol, for the Time being, and the STATUTES.

the Feoffees of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging to the same Parish, to fell and re-convey to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bri/lol, a certain Plot of Ground, situate within and belonging to the said Parish; and for applying the Monies arising by such Sale, and certain other Monies, to the Purposes of an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,/ir making commodious Ways and Passages within the Parish of Saint Stephen in the City cf Bristol, and for enlarging the Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish.

112. An Act for better regulating the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent*

113. An Act to enable the Trustees for the Care of the Road through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Albany Saint Peter, S ben ley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex, to purchase certain Buildings and Hereditaments for the Purpose of making a new Road at the Entrance into the Town of Saint Alban.

114. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Norwich to Aylsham in the County of Norfolk, and a certain Part of the Road leading from the said Road towards Holt, in the said County.

115. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts, passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the tenth and twenty-eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County.

u6. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty,/^ repairing and widening the Road from the Warwick Road, near Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge to meet the aforesaid Road on Balfall Common in the County of Warwick.

117. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, so far as relates to the Dudley District of the said Roads; and for amending certain other Roads in the County of Stafford.

118. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, and the eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk, and from the South-east End of the Jlreet called Finkell-street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town £/*Eafingwold in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stonb, near the City of YorV, and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe in the North Riding of the County of York.

119. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts of the twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, and the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of Kington in the County of Hereford, and other Roads within the said County; and also for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain other Roads within the said County, adjoining, or lying near to the Roads comprised in the said Acts.

120. An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from a Place called Scaddow Gate in the Parish of Ticknall, to the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike Road, at or near a Place called The Wooden Box, and

certain

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

certain other Roads therein mentioned* in the Counties of

Derby and Leicester.

I a i. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of three federal Acts, passed in the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the ieventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the amending and widening of the Road from Harrowgate, through Rifley and Ripon, to the North-east Corner of Hutton Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor, to the Town of Ripon aforesaid.

122. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also, from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called The Maidenhead, at Orleton in the County of Hereford-

123. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and also the Road leading from the Turnpike or Side Gate, in the Parish of Afford Bowdler, to the Turnpike Road on the Glee Hilly in the said County; and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from The Craven Arms, in the Parish of Stanton Lacy, to Bowden, in the said County.

124. An Act for amending, widening, altering, diverting, and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, to a Place called Edenfiela, in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

125. An Act for altering, repairing, and widening the Road from Burtry Ford in the County of Durham, to Alston in the County of Cumberland, and from Alston aforesaid, by the Dyke, to Burnstones in the County of Northumberland\

126. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the Parish or Hamlet of Middleton in the County of Northampton.

127. An Act for continuing the Term of so much of an Act

t of the twelfth Year of his present Majesty as relates to the

Road from Carter's Bridge, in the Parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge, to The Forty Feet Bridge, in the Parish of Rarnfeyj in the County of Huntingdon.

128. An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair the Road from Dunchurch to Southam, in the County of Warwick*

129. An Act for repairing the Road from Stirling to Dum-barton, and several other Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, ancYPerth*

130. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of two Acts made in the twentieth and thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from the North End of the Cow Cawfey near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyney to the Town of Bel ford, and from thence to Buckton Burn in the County of Northumberland.

131. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of several-Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge in the County of Middle- ' jex, and for amending the Road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the Parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the Great Western Road

jjLu tl.je said County, and for lighting, watching, and water-

ing the Highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gratiel Pits.

132. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for refairing the Road between The Bear Inn in Reading, and Punt-field in the County of Berks, and several other Roads in

the said County.

133. An Act for amending, widening, altering, improving and keeping in Repair the Road from Wolverhamtton, in the County of Staffordly to Ivetfey Bank, in the Parish of Blimhill, in the said County-

134. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the Roads leading from Leedsy through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and tribfey, to Halifax, and also the Roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the West Riding of the County of York.

135. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, to the several Places therein mentioned, being the first District of Roads described in two Acts of Parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and for altering the Course of Part of the said Roads; and also for making, and keeping in Repair* a Road from Simmonds Fora Brook to the Turnpike Road leading to Evesham in the County of Worcester, at or near Beckford Inn, in the said County of Gloucester, and from Gotherington to the Turnpike Road leading from Cheltenham to Stow on the IVold, at or near Sir ford Inn, in the said County of Gloucester, and from Stump Cross, -in the Parish of Didbrook, to the Town of Stow on the Woldy in the County of Gloucester aforesaid. '

136. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain, Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads in the Counties of WorcJler and Warwick, so far as relates to the Road leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley in the County of Worcester, and for making a more commodious Road near the Town of Dudley.

137. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called Black Grovey in the Parish of Rawreth, over Battle's Bridge, to the Town of Chelmsford xyi the County of Essex.

138. An Act for making and repairing several Roads leading across the County of Stirling.

139. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth

140. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of ail Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Terms of two Acts made in the twenty sixth and twenty-seventh Tears f the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing fe~ veral Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the City ^Glasgow to Yoker

Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to The Three Mile House, to the Town of Airdrie, and from the Village of Gorballs to the Chapel of Cambuslang, in the Counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, so far as respects the Road from the Toll House in Paisley Lane, at the Weft Sidd of the Entry to the New Bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the East End of the Bridge at Renfrew, and from Parkhouse to The Three Mile House in the County of Lanerk; and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the said R6ad$.

241. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

141. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, paiLd w the twelfth Year of tnc Reign of lus present Majesty. for repairin'F and widening f neral Roads from Aldermaitoil in the County of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from Aldcimafton (for ejaid to the Turnpike Road from Balingstoke to Andover, at or mar Wotting, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester, at Popham Lane in the County of Southampton.

142. An Act to contiilue the Term, and to reduce into one Act the Powers, of four several Acts, passed in tire fifth Yc. r of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Pis it, and in the ninth and thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Beacon field in the County of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch in the County of Oxford.

143. An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Lyre Bridge, through Long town to the Scotch Dyke, and from Longtoivn to the Bridge over the River of Sark in the County of Cumberland.

PRIVATE AC

Anno 34 Georgii III.

T S,

I. AN Act for naturalizing Martin Walt her Pefent.

/V 2. An Act for naturalizing Angujlus William Bo*

decker*

3. An Act for inclosing and otherwise improving certain Lands *and Grounds within the Lordship and ownttiip of IFarter in the East Riding of the County of York,

4. An Act for naturalizing Gerard Huldnau and Udlham Rudolf*

5. An Act for naturalizing Elias Heintz.

6. An Act for naturalizing George Ben join.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Shelton in the County of Bedford.

S. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Little Dunham in the County of Norfolk.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, and Waste Lands lying and being within the Parishes of Chappie Allerton, Biddisham, and IF car in the County of Somerset.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Common Fields, Downs, and Commonable Lands in the Manor and Parish of Shilton in the County of Berks.

II. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and 1 Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Gay- ten-lc~Moors, within the parish of F/hally, in the Hundred j of Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

12. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain \\I00rs, Commons, anti Waste Lands lying and being in the Parishes of Baton and North Il'otton in the County of

Somerjtt.

13. An Act for dividing and incluhng the Open Common I Fields, Common Downs, Commons, Marshes, and Waste Lands within the Mauors of Prejhn and Sutton Pointz in the County of Dorft; and for extinguishing all Right of Common upon certain intlofed Lands within the said Manors.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds,

34 G £0. Ill*

' wifhm the Parish of Little Compton in the County of

Gioucrfier.

15. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inc’oYg c< rtrfn Moors, Commons, or Watte Lands cJled Idit.'e I'm k Moor and Summer Lea'\\ and all the cuner Open, Common, or \V;:(lc Lands in the* Mar,or of A aft A Pari, Within the Parish of Afar k in the County of Soutrft.

16. An Act for naturalizing f’An B. -gne.

17. An Act for naturalizing Daniel ToTien.

18. An Act for naturalizing Ch>i/iepher Erurficick.

19. An Act for naturalizing 1 li:>ouimus liunrich Z obeli, commonly called IFcrortfnns Hen* y Y^bJl.

20. An Act for naturalizing fumes A 'faze.

21. An Act for vesting the I hate at Littb ITcodhonfe in the County of York, deviled by the Will of femniah Harrijon Gentleman, deceased, in Tn flees, to Veil the fame, and apply the Money to mile by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

22. An Act for dividing and mcloling the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste G rounds in Wimvick in the Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

23. An Act for naturalizing Peter Rilliet.

24. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean and Canons of H' major and Therms Stoner Esquire.

25. An Act for vesting the Settled Fftate of Thomas TVaL jhghfim IC'e/lern Clerk, in the County of Sussex, in him and his Heirs, and for settling an Fftate of greater Value in the County of Ffix in lieu thticof, and in Exchange for the fame.

26. An Act for vesting the Estates deviled by the Will of farms Peachey Flquire, in the County of Fhrcford, in Trustees, to fell or exchange the fame, and for Lying out the Money, arising by such Sale or Exchange, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will.

27. An Act for amending an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for cjlabh(hing and regulating a Charity, called Koxley Charity in the County of Northampton, founded by Lady Katherine Lcvefon.

28. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Pattures, Commonable and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Lcngbo-rohgh in the County of Glcuce/lcr.

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Foil Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tud-denham in the County of Suffolk.

30. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Lordship and Parish oi Ltupingham in the County of Rutland.

31. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Waft of Common or Watte Land, Part of the Forett of Mendip, lying within the Manor and 'Parish of East Harptry in the County of So?nerJet.

32. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pattures, and Watte Lands within the several Manors of Keevil, Lima ft on, Fittleton, and Chiiiubury dc la Folly, in the County of Wilts.

33. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands lying and being within the Manor and Parish of Fuji Brent in the County of Somerset.

» 34. An

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places within the Parish of parley in the County of Southampton.

35. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Arabic Fields, and a Common Meadow, within the Manor and Parish of Tntinhull in the County of Somcr/et.

36. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Town Fields within the Manor and Township of Crawcrook, in the Parish of Ryton in the County Palatine of Durham.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pali tires, and Common Grounds within the Lordftnp or Liberty of Dfcworth in the County of Leicester.

38. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township of Hoy land, in the Parish of JVath upon Hern in the West Riding of the County of York.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land within the Parish and Manor of Chester in the County Palatine of Durham.

40. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, ’Meadows, Failures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Long Bennington and Foston in the County of Lincoln.

41. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands, called Ciaife Heights, or Ciaife Commons, except a certain Plot of Land, called The Heald, within the Township or Division of Ciaife, in the Parish of Hawkjhcad in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

42. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, a Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of East Camcll, otherwise Queen Camel/', in the County of Somerset.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Watte Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish bf Wendover in the County of Buckingham.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township of Skelton, in the Canon, Fee, Manor, and Parish of Ripen in the West Riding of the County of York.

45. An Act to enable Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh Baronet, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms- of Evelyn.

46. An Act to enable Mary TV eh ft er Widow, and others, to grant budding and repairing Leases of the Lftates devised to them by Edward Weljler Esquire, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

47. An Act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving the Open Fields, Ings, Paitures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton in the North Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands in the Parish of Bur/ord in the County of Oxford.

49. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Carr Lands, Furze Leas, Waste Lands, and other Lands in the Parishes of Saint Afary South Keljey and Saint Nicholas South Keljey, within the Manor or Lordship of Soul'* Keljey in the County of Lin-

coln, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common and

Sheep Walks in and over the fame.

50. An Act for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Open Field Lands, Commonable Marthes, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Thoniham in the County of Norfolk.

51. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open FielJ«, Pastures, Commons, and Wailes within the Town I hip of Tilthorpe, in the Parish of Kirkbourn in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands ill the laire Township.

52. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Commonable Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the several Tithings (if Roundway, Bed-bo rough, Chittoe, and Bishop< Cannings, and in the Parish of Marden in the County of IVilts.

53. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures or Commons within the Township of Walkington in the East Riding of the County of York-

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Broughton in the County of Huntingdon.

55. An Act to enable Thomas Brereton Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and her first and other Sons and their Iftiie Male* and her Daughter, if (he shall have only one, and the issue of such Daughter, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of He/ifailing, pursuant to the Will of Herbert Westfailing Esquire, deceased.

56. An Act to confirm and establish an Award made between the Right Reverend Father in God Spencer Lord Bishop of Peterborough, and the Coheirs of William Ash Esquire, deceased, and other Persons entitled to, and interelled in, the several Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Lftates, late of the said William Ash, situate and being in Pajhn, Gunthorpe, and Peterborough in the County of Northampton, (the Leasehold Parts whereof are Parts of the Possessions of or belonging to the See of Peterborough, and the Copyhold Parts thereof are held of Manors also belonging to the same See,) in order to divide, ascertain, and determine the respective Parts of the said Effaces, and the Boundaries thereof, and to distinguisti the Leasehold and Copyhold from the Freehold Parts of the fame Estates, late of the said William Ash deceased.

57. An Act to carry into Execution certain Articles of Agreement entered into between Christopher, late Lord Bishop of Bri/lol, and Messieurs Benjamin Gott and Harry Wormald, and also to enable the Devisees in the Will of the said late Lord Bishop to renew Building Leases of Parts of his Estate in the Parish of Leeds in the County of York, in Performance of Covenants contained in such Leases, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the fame Estate, with like Covenants for Renewal.

58. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estate of William Wtllfon Esquire, and Bridget his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to John Lambton Esquire, on Payment of the Sum of three thousand one hundred and forty-two Pounds seventeen Shillings and Two Pence, and for laying out the same Sum in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

59. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will oi Bernard Brocas Esquire, and for applying and laying out the Money to ar;fe therefrom

in

The TITLES of the STATUTE S.

in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same

JJfes.

60. An Act to empower the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, Governors of Emanuel llo.pl led in or near Westminster, to extend and increase the Objects of that Charity.

6s. An Act for empowering Trustees to convey to Sir Jo-Jr'ph Banks Barpnct, a Part of the Settled Lflutes of Ehfca Atfcoe Esquire, pursuant to his Contract for the Purchase thereof, and to fell or exchange other Pants of the find Settled Estates, and to lay out the Money arihng from the Sales in the Purcnafc of other Lands, to be settled, as well as those taken in Exchange, to the Uses of the Lftates that shall be so fold or exchanged.

62. An Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agreement for an Exchange between the Principal and Scholars of the King’s Hall and College of Brazen N.je in Oxford., and Edward Love den Lovcden of Bujcot Park in the County of Berks, Esquire.

63. An Act to enable Trustees to sell and dispose of certain Leasehold Messuages and Premises, situate in the Parish of Saint Ann Westminster, deviled by the Will of La wiry Arnold Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, as nearly as may be, upon the fame Trulls as by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Leasehold Premises.

64. An Act to enable Saint Andrew Saint John Esquire, and, after his Death, other Persons, to grant Leases of his Estate in the Parish of Saint John flapping, in the County of AiiddUfex.

65. An Act for uniting the Redlory and Parish Church of Saint Nicholas South Kelfy, in the County of Lincoln, with the adjoining Rectory and Parish Church of Saint Mary South Kelfeyi from and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice.

66. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester in the County of Lancaster, called Mayes Charity Lands, to convey in Fee or grant Leases under reservea yearly Rents.

67. An Act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Sir fohn

Honywood Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for apply ing Part of the Money arising by Sale in discharging Mortgages on other Parts of the Settled Estates, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

63. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Bernard Edward Howard Esquire, with the Right Honourable Lady Elizabeth Belaiyfe his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69. An Act for dividing anAinclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Paflure Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds within the several Townships of Edoughton, Brough, and Walby, in the Parish of Edough-tony in the East Riding of the County of York.

70. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Open or Common Fields and Common Field Lands, and a Common Lot Mead, within the Manor and Parishes of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury in the County of Gloucester.

71. An Act for dividing and allotting the several Open Common Fields, Commons, Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Compton, otherwise Compton Beauchampy in the County of Berks.

72. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Downs, Commons, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor of

7 *

Houghton, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of

Southampton. t

73. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Moors and Wade Grounds within the Fownships of Fclijkirk and Sutton under Whit/hnclljpy in the Parish of Fjijkirk in the North Riding of the County of York.

74. An Act for dividing and allotting the Open, Uninclosed, and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Alanor ot Tolpudle in the County of Dor jet.

75. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures within the several Manors or Districts of Lamport and Hanging Houghton, in the Parish of Lamport in the County of Northampton.

76. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Akely cum Stockholt in the County of Buckingham.

77. An Act to divide, improve, allot, and inclose the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Heath Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands in the Parish of Skillington in the County at Lincoln, and also certain Parts of a Common or Heath Ground, called The Intercommon, within or adjoining to the same.

78. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Cominonible Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Arne/by in the County of Leisler.

79. An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and ocher Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor or Lordship of Belton in the County of Rutland.

80. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within Tower Pillarton3 otherwise Nether Pillarton., otherwise Pi Harding ton, in the County of Warwick.

81. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing divers Common Fields, Common Woods, Common Downs, and other Commonable Places within the Manor and Pari ih of Crawley in the County of Southamptotiy and of certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places within the Parish of Bishops Sutton in the said County.

82. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wolds, Common, and Waste Ground within the Parish of Wolvey in the County of Warwick.

83. An Act for allotting and inclosing the Fields, Moors, and Waste Lands within the Hamlet of Martin in the Parish of Timberland in the County of Lincoln.

84. An Act to amend an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish oi Mold in the County of Flint.

85. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Shouldham and Shoiddham Thorpe, otherwise Garboife Thorpe^ in the County of Norfolk.

86. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Lands and Grounds lying and being in a certain Open and Common Field called Port fid, in the Parish of Newport Pagnel in the County of Buckingham.

87. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the Commons, Common Meadows, and Common Fields in the Parish of Wellington in the County of Hereford;

and

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

and for cxtmgufthing the Right of Common upon certain \ Common Meadows within the said Parish.

€8. An Act for dividing allotting, draining, and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor anu Township of Tujhingham cum Grind'ey, in the Paruh of: Ala!pas iii the County of Chejhr.

9. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, < -Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Commonable and Waste Lands in the Parish of AA" Sleaford in the County of Lincoln, and in the Hamlet of Holding ham within the fuid Parish, ' and in the Parish of Y^harringtoa in the said County.

90. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- j

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waite, and other Commonable Lands and ' Grounds within the Parish of Southneicington, otherwise j Southuewton, in the County o 1 Oxford.- \

91. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- j

mon F'ields, Meadows. Paitures, and other Commonable ' Lands And Waste Grounds in the Township of Bette ford i and Flandet ot Yaddiethorpe, in the Parish of Boileford in j the County of Lincoln. 1

92. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and j Common in the Town ship of Althorpe in the County of j Lincoln, and for draining the fame, and certain inciofcd Lands within the said Township.

93. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty the Open and Common f ields, Common Meadows, Common Paitures, and other Commonable and Wade ‘Lands and Grounds in the several Parities of Firicre and Brockwoith \ and also f n* dividing, inclosing, and allotting a certain Open and Common F ield, called Calmjden Field, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Calmjdcn, in the Parish of North Cerncy in the County of Ghuccficr.

.94. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Droves and Waile Lands in the Parish of Fleet in County of Lincoln \ and for altering an AM of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for draining, preservine, and improving certain Lands lying in the teveral Pandits of Spalding, (including the Hamlets of Grwbit and Peak'll:,) It ejion, Moulton, JVh upload, Holbcach, Fled, Gedr.ey, Sutton Saint Alary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Luttcn, all in South Holland in the County of Lincoln.

.95. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands within tile Common Fields in the iiariih of Upton Gray in the County of Southampton.

9$. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common F'ields, Meadows, Paitures, Woodbinds, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township, Precincts, 01 Territories of Sutton Cherny, alias Sutton Cheneil, in the parish of Market Bojzuorth in tiv* County o\ Loice/ler. uyj. An Act for dividing and inclosing the teveral Common 7and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish oi Snito. in Ashfield in the County of Nottingham.

98. An Act for dividing and inclohng the Open Field*, Meadows, Paitures, Commons, and Waste Lands witnn the Parish of Falaingzvo)tb in the County of Lincoln.

99. An Act for dividing and inclosing the fevtrai Open F'ieids, Ings, Common and Waste Grounds within-the Parish of K:({forth in the County of tee City or Yoik.

Ico. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields of Barejby and South Croxton in the County of

Ldce/hr, and the Open Meadows and Pad a res, an J other Paiceis c\ Meadow and Paiturc Land and Commons Common..hie Piaces, and Waste Lauds used or enjoyed the re with.

101. An Act for dividing and inclosirgthe Open and Common Fields, ‘Meadow^, M^'ots, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands and V.afte Grounds ill the Parish of

’ Sout o llitham in the County of Lincoln.

102. An Act for dividing, aibming, and inclosing the Open Fields Meadows, Pali »res, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Ilk ejion in the County of Derby.

103. An Act for dividing and inc! ding the Open Fields, Heath, and other Common..hie Lands and Grounds in the Lordships or Liberties of Thornton and Engworth, in the Parish or Thornton in the County of Leicester.

104. An Act h r natur rhzng John Ton idler.

105. An AM Gr empowering the Judges of the Court of Svfiion in Sc it tan J to fell fuen Parts of the Lands and Barony ct R uton in the Cmmty of Bernice, formerly belonging to b;r Alexander Stirling, late of Glorrd, Baronet, n >w dcccaieJ, ntu! now deicending to Sir John Stirling of Gioiat, baronet, ins Son, as may be lothcLnt to pay off the Debts nfivcting the said Lands and Barony.

106. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between James Lord Bishop of Litchfield and Coventry and Sir Richard H'li Baron t.

107. An Act for effecting a Settlement of the Freehold and Copyhold ffa.es ( Dame Harriot the Wife of Sir John Saunders Sebright Baronet, late Harriot Cioftes Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Dame Harriot Sebright.

108. An Act to enable Jofph Robhfon Peofe Esquire, and Anne h:s YV ife, and Robert Copt loud Peaje Esquire, and the Guardians of the Children of the said Jofph lhb in Jon Pcafe and Robert Copeland Pease respectively, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Messuages, M.lls, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Town and County of the Town of Kingjhn if on Hud, and in the Parishes oi Sculcoates and Drypccl in the County of York.

109. An Act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Fly, and his Successors, to grant, by several Leases, an Fflate in the Ijh of Ely, now held under one L.afe.

110. An Act to enable the RcMor of the Parish and Parish Church of Clapham in the County of Surrey, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

111. An Act to enable Thomas Lane Esquire to grant Building, Repairing, and Improving Leases ot FMtates, deviled to him by Henry Bojvdlc Ffquuc, deceased, in the Counties ot kerf, FJcx, S’jje.r, ai d Surrey.

112. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Failures, Commons, and Wattes within the Township of Lund, in the Parish of Lund in the Fhifl Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the ithes the*eof, and of the Lands already inclosed in the same Township.

113. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands within the Parish of Co a j in the County of Gloucester.

114. An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Rucker/

